UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
20315,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,nan,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account', '26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account']",2023-03-12,2023-03-21,Unknown
20383,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-14,2023-03-21,Unknown
20384,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,nan,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-21,Unknown
20385,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-21,Unknown
20569,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse https://t.co/w2RNbcvVI4 See the rest of the st… https://t.co/LJsmFPUaIH,nan,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse https://t.co/w2RNbcvVI4 See the rest of the st… https://t.co/LJsmFPUaIH,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral', 'rest', 'LJsmFPUaIH', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral', 'rest', 'LJsmFPUaIH']",2023-03-16,2023-03-21,Unknown
20570,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse$DBOEY,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral']",2023-03-16,2023-03-21,Unknown
20673,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@BBCWorld And I’ll remember Euroclear in Belgium that stole my money together with Russian banks. So don’t see any… https://t.co/BZCt36pUxo,nan,@BBCWorld And I’ll remember Euroclear in Belgium that stole my money together with Russian banks. So don’t see any… https://t.co/BZCt36pUxo,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['Russian banks', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'money', 'BZCt36pUxo', 'Russian banks', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'money', 'BZCt36pUxo']",2023-03-17,2023-03-21,Unknown
20687,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Advanced Micro Devices  Inc.; Amazon; Ibu-Tec; IBM; Deutsche Wohn https://t.co/HOUnmwzP5O,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Advanced Micro Devices  Inc.; Amazon; Ibu-Tec; IBM; Deutsche Wohn https://t.co/HOUnmwzP5O,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Advanced Micro Devices', 'Deutsche Wohn', 'Amazon', 'Ibu-Tec', 'IBM', 'HOUnmwzP5O', 'Advanced Micro Devices', 'Deutsche Wohn', 'Amazon', 'Ibu-Tec', 'IBM', 'HOUnmwzP5O']",2023-03-17,2023-03-21,Unknown
20785,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@ValueStockGeek Mine: Azimut Holding and Deutsche Boerse. Both non banking. The latter is pricey the first one not so much,nan,@ValueStockGeek Mine: Azimut Holding and Deutsche Boerse. Both non banking. The latter is pricey the first one not so much,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Azimut Holding', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'first', 'Azimut Holding', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'first']",2023-03-18,2023-03-21,Unknown
20835,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@CGasparino @CreditSuisse Banks are blackboxes..nobody knows what inside..At @euroclear they trade stuff nobody understands anymore..t,nan,@CGasparino @CreditSuisse Banks are blackboxes..nobody knows what inside..At @euroclear they trade stuff nobody understands anymore..t,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['CreditSuisse Banks', 'CGasparino', 'blackboxes', 'stuff', 'CreditSuisse Banks', 'CGasparino', 'blackboxes', 'stuff']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,Unknown
20836,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How far the Fed's facility is likely to go in stopping bank MBS woes #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h5hNhE5RXu #regtech,nan,How far the Fed's facility is likely to go in stopping bank MBS woes #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h5hNhE5RXu #regtech,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['bank MBS woes', 'Fed', 'facility', 'bank MBS woes', 'Fed', 'facility']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,Unknown
20837,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@ETayC22 @concodanomics Saheed Awan  who went on to run Securities Finance at both Clearstream and Euroclear. Great… https://t.co/d4kMGydlPf,nan,@ETayC22 @concodanomics Saheed Awan  who went on to run Securities Finance at both Clearstream and Euroclear. Great… https://t.co/d4kMGydlPf,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['concodanomics Saheed Awan', 'Securities Finance', 'ETayC22', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'concodanomics Saheed Awan', 'Securities Finance', 'ETayC22', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-19,2023-03-21,Unknown
20838,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,First Republic to face second S&amp;P downgrade in less than a week #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pGhgcX019m #regtech,nan,First Republic to face second S&amp;P downgrade in less than a week #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pGhgcX019m #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['second S&amp;P downgrade', 'First Republic', 'a week', 'less', 'second S&amp;P downgrade', 'First Republic', 'a week', 'less']",2023-03-19,2023-03-21,Unknown
20839,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,UBS buys Credit Suisse in all-share transaction #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/FGln10SYKa #regtech,nan,UBS buys Credit Suisse in all-share transaction #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/FGln10SYKa #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Suisse', 'share transaction', 'UBS', 'Fintech', 'co', 'FGln10SYKa', 'Credit Suisse', 'share transaction', 'UBS', 'Fintech', 'co', 'FGln10SYKa']",2023-03-19,2023-03-21,Unknown
20840,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Midsize US banks ask FDIC to insure deposits for two years #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/kOGdzl2khZ #regtech,nan,Midsize US banks ask FDIC to insure deposits for two years #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/kOGdzl2khZ #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Midsize US banks', 'two years', 'FDIC', 'deposits', 'regtech', 'Midsize US banks', 'two years', 'FDIC', 'deposits', 'regtech']",2023-03-19,2023-03-21,Unknown
20854,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630010/0/en/Notice-to-attend-Elanders-Annual-General-Meeting-2023.html,Notice to attend Elanders’ Annual General Meeting 2023,Shareholders in Elanders AB (publ) are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday April 21  2023 at 11.00 a.m. at Södra Porten Conference Center  Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C  Mölndal.,English SwedishShareholders in Elanders AB (publ) are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday April 21  2023 at 11.00 a.m. at Södra Porten Conference Center  Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C  Mölndal.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATEShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must be recorded in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday April 13  2023. In addition  shareholders must notify the company of their intention to participate in the Meeting by latest April 17  2023.In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  shareholders who have trustee-registered their shares must  in addition to notify its intention to participate in the meeting  re-register the shares with Euroclear Sweden AB in their own name in order for the shareholder to be registered in shareholders’ register as of April 13  2023. Such registration  which may be temporary (so called voting rights registration)  is to be requested with the trustee in accordance with the trustee’s routines at such time in advance as decided by the trustee. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second bank day after April 13  2023  will be considered in the production of the share register.There is a total of 35 357 751 shares in Elanders  whereof 1 814 813 class A-shares with ten votes per share and 33 542 938 class B-shares with one vote per share. The shares entitle to 51 691 068 votes in total. The company does not hold any treasury shares.NOTIFICATIONNotice of attendance shall be made in one of the following ways:on Elanders’ website www.elanders.com ;; in writing to Elanders AB (publ)  att “Annual General Meeting 2023”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden; orby telephone +46 8 402 91 33.The notice shall state name  address  telephone number  personal or corporate identity number and  if applicable  the number of advisors (not more than two) that will accompany the shareholder at the Meeting.Shareholder represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a registration certificate or a corresponding document which indicates the authorised signatories of the legal entity must be enclosed. The original power of attorney  and any registration certificate or the equivalent  should be sent to the company well in advance of the Meeting at the address above. Proxy forms are available at www.elanders.com and can also be ordered from the company at the address above.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to approve the minutes Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the Chief Executive Officer Presentation of the work performed by the Board and its committees Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditors’ report for the group Resolutions regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet allocation of the company’s profits according to the adopted balance sheet the discharge of Board Members and the Chief Executive Officer from liability Determination of the number of Board Members  deputies and auditors Resolutions regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors the remuneration to the auditor Election of Board Members and Chairman of the Board re-election of Carl Bennet; re-election of Eva Elmstedt; re-election of Dan Frohm; re-election of Erik Gabrielson; re-election of Anne Lenerius; re-election of Magnus Nilsson; new-election of Ulrika Dellby; new-election of Anna Hallberg; new-election of Johan Trouvé; and re-election of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor Resolution regarding the nomination committee Resolution to approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report Closure of the MeetingDIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION (ITEM 10 b)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a dividend of SEK 4.15 (3.60) per share for the fiscal year 2022. As record date for the dividend  the Board proposes Tuesday April 25  2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is expected that the dividend will be disbursed by Euroclear Sweden on Friday April 28  2023. The last day for trading in the Elanders share including the right to dividend is Friday April 21  2023.BOARD OF DIRECTORS ETC (ITEMS 2 and 11 – 14)The nomination committee  composed of Carl Bennet (Carl Bennet AB)  Chairman  Fredrik Carlsson (Svolder AB)  Dan Frohm (Chairman of the Board of Elanders AB)  Jannis Kitsakis (Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Dag Marius Nereng (Protector Forsikring ASA)  proposes:the appointment of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Meeting that the Board shall be composed of nine Members without any deputies that the remuneration to the Members of the Board shall amount to SEK 4 318 020 (4 133 000 preceding year)  to be divided so that the Chairman receives SEK 811 440 (784 000) and the other Members not employed by the company receive SEK 405 720 (392 000) each  the chairman of the audit committee receives SEK 165 600(160 000) and each other Member of the audit committee receives SEK 82 800 (80 000)  the chairman of the remuneration committee receives SEK 84 870 (82 000) and each other Member of the remuneration committee receives SEK 42 435 (41 000) the re-election of the Board Members Carl Bennet  Eva Elmstedt  Dan Frohm  Erik Gabrielson  Anne Lenerius and Magnus Nilsson  and new-election of Ulrika Dellby  Anna Hallberg and Johan Trouvé. Cecilia Lager  Johan Stern and Caroline Sundewall have declined re-election the re-election of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board that the company shall have one auditor without any deputies that remuneration to the auditor be paid according to approved invoices within the limits of the offer  andthe re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor of the company.The proposal concerning the auditor is consistent with the audit committee’s recommendation.Board members proposed for new-electionUlrika DellbyUlrika Dellby has a master's degree in business administration. She is chairman of the board of Fasadgruppen Group AB and a member of the board of Bico Group AB  Lifco AB  Linc AB  SJ AB and Werksta Nordic AB. Former partner Boston Consulting Group.Shareholding (own and related parties): None.Anna HallbergAnna Hallberg has an academic education in law and business administration. She has previously been Minister for Foreign Trade and Nordic Affairs  Deputy CEO of Almi Företagspartner and also held a number of senior positions within SEB.Shareholding (own and related parties): 5 000 class B shares.Johan TrouvéJohan Trouvé has a master's degree in engineering. He is CEO of the West Swedish Chamber of Commerce and has previously  among other things  been regional manager for Schenker AB. He is today a member of the board of the Swedish Exhibition & Congress Centre  Thomas Concrete AB and UNICEF Sweden.Shareholding (own and related parties): 100 class B shares.For further information on the proposed Members of the Board  please refer to the nomination committee’s proposal which is available at the company’s website.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE (ITEM 15)The nomination committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves:to instruct the Chairman of the Board to convene a nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024  composed of the Chairman of the Board and one representative of each of the company’s four largest shareholders as per August 31  2023 to instruct the Chairman of the Board  in consultation with the representatives of the company’s four largest shareholders  to determine if one representative of the minority shareholders also should be appointed to the nomination committee that  in the event any of the four largest shareholders refrains from exercising its right to appoint a representative to the nomination committee  such right shall pass to the shareholder that  next to these four shareholders  has the largest shareholding in the company that  in the event a representative no longer represents the relevant shareholder  or otherwise resigns from the nomination committee prior to the completion of its work  such shareholder shall be offered the opportunity to appoint a new representative to the nomination committee that  in the event a representative represents a shareholder that has sold all or the main part of its shareholding in Elanders  the nomination committee may resolve that such member shall resign and  if deemed appropriate by the nomination committee  offer another representative for a larger shareholder a place in the nomination committee  andthat the nomination committee shall perform such duties that fall on the nomination committee in accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.DOCUMENTSThe annual report and other supporting documentation will be held available at the company’s premises at Flöjelbergsgatan 1C in Mölndal  Sweden  and on its website  www.elanders.com   at least three weeks before the Meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The shareholders are reminded of their right to demand information according to Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.For information about the processing of your personal data  please refer to www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .Elanders’ corporate registration number is 556008-1621 and its registered office is in Mölndal municipality  Sweden.Mölndal  Sweden  in March 2023The Board of Directors of Elanders AB (publ)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Elanders’ Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Södra Porten Conference Center', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'consolidated balance sheet allocation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dag Marius Nereng', 'Protector Forsikring ASA', 'Voting rights registrations', 'second bank day', 'consolidated income statement', 'corporate identity number', 'nomination committee Resolution', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Carl Bennet AB', 'Directors’ remuneration report', 'English Swedish', 'annual accounts', 'voting list', 'auditor Resolution', 'last day', 'Svolder AB', 'Elanders AB', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'Mölndal', '1,814,813 class A-shares', '33,542,938 class B-shares', 'one vote', 'following ways', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'authorised signatories', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two persons', 'minutes Determination', 'auditors’ report', 'liability Determination', 'Eva Elmstedt', 'Dan Frohm', 'Erik Gabrielson', 'Anne Lenerius', 'Magnus Nilsson', 'Ulrika Dellby', 'Anna Hallberg', 'Johan Trouvé', 'DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'fiscal year', 'record date', 'Fredrik Carlsson', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Elanders’ website', 'nine Members', 'DIRECTORS ETC', 'Thursday April', 'latest April', 'Meeting Preparation', 'ten votes', 'group Resolutions', 'Friday April', 'original power', 'Proxy forms', 'agenda Election', 'auditor Election', 'telephone number', 'Elanders share', 'treasury shares', 'Board Members', 'share register', 'Meeting Election', 'shareholders’ register', 'Board re', '51,691,068 votes', '35,357,751 shares', 'publ', '11.00 a', 'PARTICIPATE', 'addition', 'company', 'intention', 'order', 'name', 'trustee', 'accordance', 'routines', 'time', 'advance', 'production', 'total', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Notice', 'attendance', 'writing', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'address', 'personal', 'advisors', 'attorney', 'equivalent', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'work', 'committees', 'adoption', 'profits', 'discharge', 'deputies', 'new-election', 'Closure', 'ITEM', 'SEK', 'Tuesday', 'proposal', 'trading', 'appointment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20855,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ELANDERS-AB-PUBL-6714463/news/Notice-to-attend-Elanders-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-43288908/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Notice to attend Elanders' Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com) Shareholders in Elanders AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday April 21  2023 at 11.00 a.m. at Södra Porten Conference Center  Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C  Mölndal. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATEShareholders who wish to …,Shareholders in Elanders AB (publ) are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday April 21  2023 at 11.00 a.m. at Södra Porten Conference Center  Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C  Mölndal.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATEShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must be recorded in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday April 13  2023. In addition  shareholders must notify the company of their intention to participate in the Meeting by latest April 17  2023.In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  shareholders who have trustee-registered their shares must  in addition to notify its intention to participate in the meeting  re-register the shares with Euroclear Sweden AB in their own name in order for the shareholder to be registered in shareholders’ register as of April 13  2023. Such registration  which may be temporary (so called voting rights registration)  is to be requested with the trustee in accordance with the trustee’s routines at such time in advance as decided by the trustee. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second bank day after April 13  2023  will be considered in the production of the share register.There is a total of 35 357 751 shares in Elanders  whereof 1 814 813 class A-shares with ten votes per share and 33 542 938 class B-shares with one vote per share. The shares entitle to 51 691 068 votes in total. The company does not hold any treasury shares.NOTIFICATIONNotice of attendance shall be made in one of the following ways:on Elanders’ website www.elanders.com ;; in writing to Elanders AB (publ)  att “Annual General Meeting 2023”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden; orby telephone +46 8 402 91 33.The notice shall state name  address  telephone number  personal or corporate identity number and  if applicable  the number of advisors (not more than two) that will accompany the shareholder at the Meeting.Shareholder represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a registration certificate or a corresponding document which indicates the authorised signatories of the legal entity must be enclosed. The original power of attorney  and any registration certificate or the equivalent  should be sent to the company well in advance of the Meeting at the address above. Proxy forms are available at www.elanders.com and can also be ordered from the company at the address above.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to approve the minutes Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the Chief Executive Officer Presentation of the work performed by the Board and its committees Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditors’ report for the group Resolutions regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet allocation of the company’s profits according to the adopted balance sheet the discharge of Board Members and the Chief Executive Officer from liability Determination of the number of Board Members  deputies and auditors Resolutions regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors the remuneration to the auditor Election of Board Members and Chairman of the Board re-election of Carl Bennet; re-election of Eva Elmstedt; re-election of Dan Frohm; re-election of Erik Gabrielson; re-election of Anne Lenerius; re-election of Magnus Nilsson; new-election of Ulrika Dellby; new-election of Anna Hallberg; new-election of Johan Trouvé; and re-election of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor Resolution regarding the nomination committee Resolution to approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report Closure of the MeetingDIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION (ITEM 10 b)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a dividend of SEK 4.15 (3.60) per share for the fiscal year 2022. As record date for the dividend  the Board proposes Tuesday April 25  2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is expected that the dividend will be disbursed by Euroclear Sweden on Friday April 28  2023. The last day for trading in the Elanders share including the right to dividend is Friday April 21  2023.BOARD OF DIRECTORS ETC (ITEMS 2 and 11 – 14)The nomination committee  composed of Carl Bennet (Carl Bennet AB)  Chairman  Fredrik Carlsson (Svolder AB)  Dan Frohm (Chairman of the Board of Elanders AB)  Jannis Kitsakis (Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Dag Marius Nereng (Protector Forsikring ASA)  proposes:the appointment of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Meeting that the Board shall be composed of nine Members without any deputies that the remuneration to the Members of the Board shall amount to SEK 4 318 020 (4 133 000 preceding year)  to be divided so that the Chairman receives SEK 811 440 (784 000) and the other Members not employed by the company receive SEK 405 720 (392 000) each  the chairman of the audit committee receives SEK 165 600(160 000) and each other Member of the audit committee receives SEK 82 800 (80 000)  the chairman of the remuneration committee receives SEK 84 870 (82 000) and each other Member of the remuneration committee receives SEK 42 435 (41 000) the re-election of the Board Members Carl Bennet  Eva Elmstedt  Dan Frohm  Erik Gabrielson  Anne Lenerius and Magnus Nilsson  and new-election of Ulrika Dellby  Anna Hallberg and Johan Trouvé. Cecilia Lager  Johan Stern and Caroline Sundewall have declined re-election the re-election of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board that the company shall have one auditor without any deputies that remuneration to the auditor be paid according to approved invoices within the limits of the offer  andthe re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor of the company.The proposal concerning the auditor is consistent with the audit committee’s recommendation.Board members proposed for new-electionUlrika DellbyUlrika Dellby has a master's degree in business administration. She is chairman of the board of Fasadgruppen Group AB and a member of the board of Bico Group AB  Lifco AB  Linc AB  SJ AB and Werksta Nordic AB. Former partner Boston Consulting Group.Shareholding (own and related parties): None.Anna HallbergAnna Hallberg has an academic education in law and business administration. She has previously been Minister for Foreign Trade and Nordic Affairs  Deputy CEO of Almi Företagspartner and also held a number of senior positions within SEB.Shareholding (own and related parties): 5 000 class B shares.Johan TrouvéJohan Trouvé has a master's degree in engineering. He is CEO of the West Swedish Chamber of Commerce and has previously  among other things  been regional manager for Schenker AB. He is today a member of the board of the Swedish Exhibition & Congress Centre  Thomas Concrete AB and UNICEF Sweden.Shareholding (own and related parties): 100 class B shares.For further information on the proposed Members of the Board  please refer to the nomination committee’s proposal which is available at the company’s website.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE (ITEM 15)The nomination committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves:to instruct the Chairman of the Board to convene a nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024  composed of the Chairman of the Board and one representative of each of the company’s four largest shareholders as per August 31  2023 to instruct the Chairman of the Board  in consultation with the representatives of the company’s four largest shareholders  to determine if one representative of the minority shareholders also should be appointed to the nomination committee that  in the event any of the four largest shareholders refrains from exercising its right to appoint a representative to the nomination committee  such right shall pass to the shareholder that  next to these four shareholders  has the largest shareholding in the company that  in the event a representative no longer represents the relevant shareholder  or otherwise resigns from the nomination committee prior to the completion of its work  such shareholder shall be offered the opportunity to appoint a new representative to the nomination committee that  in the event a representative represents a shareholder that has sold all or the main part of its shareholding in Elanders  the nomination committee may resolve that such member shall resign and  if deemed appropriate by the nomination committee  offer another representative for a larger shareholder a place in the nomination committee  andthat the nomination committee shall perform such duties that fall on the nomination committee in accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.DOCUMENTSThe annual report and other supporting documentation will be held available at the company’s premises at Flöjelbergsgatan 1C in Mölndal  Sweden  and on its website  www.elanders.com   at least three weeks before the Meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The shareholders are reminded of their right to demand information according to Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.For information about the processing of your personal data  please refer to www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .Elanders’ corporate registration number is 556008-1621 and its registered office is in Mölndal municipality  Sweden.Mölndal  Sweden  in March 2023The Board of Directors of Elanders AB (publ)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.58,0.41,0.0,True,English,"[""Elanders' Annual General Meeting"", 'Notice', 'Södra Porten Conference Center', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'consolidated balance sheet allocation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dag Marius Nereng', 'Protector Forsikring ASA', 'Voting rights registrations', 'second bank day', 'consolidated income statement', 'corporate identity number', 'nomination committee Resolution', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Carl Bennet AB', 'Directors’ remuneration report', 'annual accounts', 'voting list', 'auditor Resolution', 'last day', 'Svolder AB', 'Elanders AB', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'Mölndal', '1,814,813 class A-shares', '33,542,938 class B-shares', 'one vote', 'following ways', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'authorised signatories', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two persons', 'auditors’ report', 'Eva Elmstedt', 'Dan Frohm', 'Erik Gabrielson', 'Anne Lenerius', 'Magnus Nilsson', 'Ulrika Dellby', 'Anna Hallberg', 'Johan Trouvé', 'DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'record date', 'Fredrik Carlsson', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Elanders’ website', 'nine Members', 'DIRECTORS ETC', 'Thursday April', 'latest April', 'Meeting Preparation', 'ten votes', 'group Resolutions', 'liability Determination', 'fiscal year', 'Friday April', 'original power', 'Proxy forms', 'agenda Election', 'auditor Election', 'telephone number', 'Elanders share', 'treasury shares', 'Board Members', 'share register', 'Meeting Election', 'shareholders’ register', 'Board re', '51,691,068 votes', '35,357,751 shares', 'publ', '11.00 a', 'PARTICIPATE', 'addition', 'company', 'intention', 'order', 'name', 'trustee', 'accordance', 'routines', 'time', 'advance', 'production', 'total', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Notice', 'attendance', 'writing', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'address', 'personal', 'advisors', 'attorney', 'equivalent', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Presentation', 'work', 'committees', 'adoption', 'profits', 'discharge', 'deputies', 'new-election', 'Closure', 'ITEM', 'SEK', 'Tuesday', 'proposal', 'trading', 'appointment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20856,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOREO-OYJ-1412572/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-BOREO-PLC-43290761/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC,(marketscreener.com) BOREO PLC   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE   20 March 2023 AT 13:00 EET NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC Notice is given to the shareholders of Boreo Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  19 April 2023 at 2:0…,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC 03/20/2023 | 07:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields BOREO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 March 2023 AT 13:00 EET NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC Notice is given to the shareholders of Boreo Plc (“Boreo”) to the Annual General Meeting (the “General Meeting”) to be held on Wednesday  19 April 2023 at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Ansatie 5  01740 Vantaa. The shareholders may participate to the General Meeting only at the meeting venue. The reception of persons who have registered for the General Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 1:30 p.m. (EET). The shareholders are provided the option to exercise their voting rights without having to be physically present at the General Meeting by voting in advance. For further instructions  please refer to Section C.4 “Advance Voting” of this notice. A. Matters on the Agenda of the General Meeting At the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the General Meeting Calling the General Meeting to order Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and supervisors of the counting votes Recording the legality of the General Meeting Recording the attendance and adoption of the voting list Presentation of the Financial Statement  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022 Review by the Managing Director The company’s Financial Statement  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report are available on the company’s website at: https://www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . The Managing Director’s review will also be available at the company’s website on the date of the General Meeting. Adoption of the Financial Statement Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend in the total amount of EUR 0.22 per share would be paid for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the payment  21 April 2023 is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid on 4 May 2023. Further the Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on a distribution of second dividend in the maximum amount of EUR 0.22 per share based on the Board of Director’s discretion later during the year 2023. The Board of Directors would resolve on the possible payment separately and would confirm the record and payment dates. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability Presentation of the Remuneration Report The Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to approve the Remuneration Report. The resolution is advisory. The Remuneration Report is available on the company’s website www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes to the General Meeting that the monthly fee payable to the Chair of the Board of Directors is EUR 4 000 and the monthly fee for the ordinary members of the Board of Directors is EUR 2 000. It is proposed that Chairs of the Committees shall be compensated as follows: for the Chair of the Audit Committee a monthly fee of EUR 1 000 shall be paid in addition to the board fee and for the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee a monthly fee of EUR 500 shall be paid in addition to the board fee. It is further proposed that for participation in meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors  a fee of EUR 500 per each meeting shall be paid. Further the shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes that 40 % of the total amount of the board fees payable to the ordinary members of the Board by the next annual general meeting shall be paid by company’s own shares and 60 % of the total amount of the fees payable shall be paid in cash. No share compensation shall be paid to the indirect majority shareholder of the company because it is not in the company’s interest to add the shareholding of the indirect majority shareholder by means of board fees. The shares shall be given to the Board members within two weeks from the date the Boreo’s interim report for period 1 January to 31 March 2023 has been published based on the volume weighted average price of the company’s share one week before and one week after the release of the interim report. Further it is proposed that Boreo shall cover the transaction fees and applicable transfer tax costs payable based on the purchase. The shares received as a board fee shall not be transferred during the board membership. If the board fee cannot be paid in shares due to legal or other regulatory limitation or any other reason concerning the company or the Board member  the board fee shall be paid fully in cash. The travel expenses shall be compensated in accordance with the maximum amount of the Tax authority’s notice concerning tax free travel expenses. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes to the General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6). Election of members of the Board of Directors The shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes to the General Meeting that Simon Hallqvist  Ralf Holmlund  Jouni Grönroos  Camilla Grönholm and Michaela von Wendt will be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Noora Neilimo-Kontio will be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. The proposed new member of the Board of Directors is introduced at the company’s website at www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . All the proposed candidates have given their consent to be elected. From the current members of the Board of Directors Juhani Mykkänen has informed the company that he is not available for re-election. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration to the auditor to be elected be paid against the auditor’s reasonable invoice. Election of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Moore Idman Oy will be elected as the auditor of the company APA Jari Paloniemi as the auditor with principal responsibility. Amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes Article 9 § of the Articles of Association to be amended to enable holding a general meeting in Helsinki or Espoo in addition to the company’s domicile or entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  the Article 9 § of the Articles of Association would read as follows (unofficial translation from the Finnish wording): 9. The notice of a General Meeting and other notices to the shareholders shall be delivered by publishing the notice of meeting as stock exchange release no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  however  always at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting. To use their right to attend to the General Meeting the shareholders shall register for the meeting by the date notified in the notice to the general meeting. The registration date may be earliest ten (10) days before the general meeting. The General Meeting shall be held in Vantaa  Helsinki or Espoo. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means. The Articles of Association shall remain unchanged in other respects. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and special rights entitling to shares and transfer of company’s own shares The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on one or several issuances of shares  stock options and related special rights entitling to the company’s shares in accordance with Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows: The number of the shares issued based on the authorization shall be maximum 540 000 shares equalling approximately 20 percent of the company’s all shares at the date of this notice. The authorization includes a right to decide an issuance of either new or the company’s own shares with or without payment. New shares and option and special rights entitling to the company’s shares or transfer of company’s own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part or in case of a share issue without a payment if there are especially weighty reasons both on the part of the company and the interest of all shareholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all terms and conditions concerning the issuance of shares and the related special rights and transferring of the company’s own shares. The share issuance authorization may be used among other reasons for commitment of the personnel  carrying out share-based incentive programmes  development of the business and the capital structure  expanding the shareholding  implementation of the share purchase and business asset deals  or financing of acquiring assets for company’s business or other projects. The authorization concerning granting of stock options and special rights entitling to company’s shares may be used for the same purposes as the share issuance authorization save the commitment of the personnel and implementation of share-based incentive programmes. The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization shall not have an effect on any earlier decisions or authorizations regarding share issues  option or other special rights to shares. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on one or several repurchase of the company’s own shares with the company’s unrestricted equity as follows: The number of own shares to be repurchased based on the authorization shall not exceed 270 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all the shares in the company at the date of this notice. The resolution on repurchasing of company’s own shares shall not be made in a manner that the company would possess more than ten per cent of all shares in the company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization in order to develop the company’s capital structure  finance or carry out acquisitions  carry out share-based incentive programs  payment of the board fees or otherwise to transfer or to cancel the shares. The minimum share purchase price to be paid for the shares may be the lowest public trading price and the highest share purchase price may the highest public trading price of the company’s share during the validation of this authorization. Own shares can be repurchased in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part. The authorization is effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024. Closing of the General Meeting B. Documents of the General Meeting Beforementioned proposals for resolutions made by the Board of Directors and the shareholders to the General Meeting  remuneration report  this notice and the company’s financial statement  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report are available on Boreo’s website at www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . This proposals for resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on Boreo’s website latest on 3 May 2023. C. Instructions for the participants of the General Meeting 1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ register Each shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  5 April 2023  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company. Changes in share ownership following the record date of the General Meeting do not have an impact on the right to participate in the General Meeting nor on the number of votes of the shareholder. Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 21 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the General Meeting no later than by 12 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET) by which time the notice must be received. The registration for the General Meeting can be done in the following ways: a) via Boreo’s website www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 Electronic registration and advance voting require that the shareholder or its statutory representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate. b) By mail or email Alternatively  a shareholder may send the notice of participation as presented at Boreo’s website www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / Boreo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi . In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested personal information  such as their name  date of birth or business identity code  phone number  email and the name of a proxy representative or assistant  if any  and the date of birth of the proxy representative. The personal data given to the company by shareholders is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations. The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the General Meeting. Additional information on registration and advance voting is available during the registration period to General Meeting from Innovatics Oy phone number 010 2818 909 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 a.m. - 12:00 noon and 01:00 p.m. – 04:00 p.m. 2. Proxy representatives and powers of attorney A shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. Shareholder’s proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative must use their personal strong electronic authentication when registering through the electronic registration service for the meeting and advance voting  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxies. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting. The proxy documents  if any  should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / Boreo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period by which time the documents must be received by Innovatics Oy. If the proxy documents are not delivered in connection to registration  shareholder or its proxy representative shall also register to the General Meeting in the manner set out above in this notice. 3. Holders of nominee-registered shares A holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the General Meeting  on 5 April 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder  based on such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 14 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting as well as advance voting from their custodian bank without delay. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the company within the registration period stated above at the latest. If necessary  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also take care of the advance voting on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares. 4. Advance voting Shareholders may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting during the period from 21 March 2023 at 10:00 noon (EET) until 12 April 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). The shareholder may vote in advance as follows: a) Via Boreo’s website at www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 Voting in advance electronically requires that the shareholder or its statutory representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate. b) By email or mail A shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on Boreo’s website or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / Boreo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi . The advance votes must be received by Innovatics Oy before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period. Submission of the votes before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration. A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue. A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. 5. Other instructions and information The General Meeting is conducted in Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting. On the date of this notice  20 March 2023  the total number of shares in Boreo is 2 701 353 which equals 2 701 353 votes. On the date of this notice the company holds a total of 15 236 of its own shares. In Vantaa  20 March 2023 Boreo Plc BOARD OF DIRECTORS Boreo in brief: Boreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium sized companies in Northern Europe. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines. Boreo’s main objective is to create shareholder value in the long-term. It aims to achieve this with an acquisition-driven strategy  creating optimal conditions for its businesses to increase sales and improve profitability  and by being a best-in-class home for its companies and personnel. ​ The Group's net sales in 2022 were EUR 160 million and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. The company’s headquarter is in Vantaa.All news about BOREO OYJ 03/20 Notice to the annual general meeting of boreo plc GL 03/20 Notice to the annual general meeting of boreo plc GL 03/20 Boreo Oyj Announces Juhani Mykkänen Is Not Available for Re-Election CI 03/15 Proposals of the Shareholders to the Annual General Meeting on composition and remunera.. GL 03/15 Proposals of the Shareholders to the Annual General Meeting on composition and remunera.. GL 03/09 Boreo's Financial Statements and Report of the Board of Directors for 2022 published GL 03/09 Boreo's Financial Statements and Report of the Board of Directors for 2022 published GL 03/08 Boreo Plc – Managers' transactions – Tomi Sundberg GL 03/08 Boreo Plc – Managers' transactions – Tomi Sundberg GL 03/03 Finland's Boreo Subsidiary Buys Lamox MT,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.39,0.61,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'BOREO PLC', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'BOREO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'volume weighted average price', 'applicable transfer tax costs', 'next annual general meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'Financial Statement Use', 'The Managing Director', 'The Remuneration Report', 'meeting venue', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Section C.4', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'balance sheet', 'total amount', 'second dividend', 'maximum amount', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'two weeks', 'transaction fees', 'interim report', 'monthly fee', 'ordinary members', 'The Board', 'financial year', 'First name', 'Advance Voting', 'possible payment', 'payment dates', 'liability Presentation', 'outstanding shares', 'board membership', 'counting votes', 'shareholders’ register', 'share compensation', 'board fee', 'record date', '13:00 EET NOTICE', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'March', 'Wednesday', '19 April', 'Ansatie', '01740 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'option', 'instructions', 'Agenda', 'Election', 'minutes', 'supervisors', 'legality', 'attendance', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'company', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate_governance', 'profit', '4 May', 'discretion', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'Committees', 'addition', 'Nomination', 'participation', 'meetings', 'cash', 'interest', 'shareholding', 'means', 'period', '1 January', 'purchase', '2:00', '1:30']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20857,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOREO-OYJ-1412572/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-BOREO-PLC-43290762/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC,(marketscreener.com)  BOREO PLC   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE   20 March 2023 AT 13:00 EET NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC Notice is given to the shareholders of Boreo Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  19 April 2023 at 2…,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC 03/20/2023 | 07:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields BOREO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 March 2023 AT 13:00 EET NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOREO PLC Notice is given to the shareholders of Boreo Plc (“Boreo”) to the Annual General Meeting (the “General Meeting”) to be held on Wednesday  19 April 2023 at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Ansatie 5  01740 Vantaa. The shareholders may participate to the General Meeting only at the meeting venue. The reception of persons who have registered for the General Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 1:30 p.m. (EET). The shareholders are provided the option to exercise their voting rights without having to be physically present at the General Meeting by voting in advance. For further instructions  please refer to Section C.4 “Advance Voting” of this notice. A. Matters on the Agenda of the General Meeting At the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the General Meeting Calling the General Meeting to order Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and supervisors of the counting votes Recording the legality of the General Meeting Recording the attendance and adoption of the voting list Presentation of the Financial Statement  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022 Review by the Managing Director The company’s Financial Statement  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report are available on the company’s website at: https://www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . The Managing Director’s review will also be available at the company’s website on the date of the General Meeting. Adoption of the Financial Statement Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend in the total amount of EUR 0.22 per share would be paid for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the payment  21 April 2023 is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid on 4 May 2023. Further the Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on a distribution of second dividend in the maximum amount of EUR 0.22 per share based on the Board of Director’s discretion later during the year 2023. The Board of Directors would resolve on the possible payment separately and would confirm the record and payment dates. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability Presentation of the Remuneration Report The Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to approve the Remuneration Report. The resolution is advisory. The Remuneration Report is available on the company’s website www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes to the General Meeting that the monthly fee payable to the Chair of the Board of Directors is EUR 4 000 and the monthly fee for the ordinary members of the Board of Directors is EUR 2 000. It is proposed that Chairs of the Committees shall be compensated as follows: for the Chair of the Audit Committee a monthly fee of EUR 1 000 shall be paid in addition to the board fee and for the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee a monthly fee of EUR 500 shall be paid in addition to the board fee. It is further proposed that for participation in meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors  a fee of EUR 500 per each meeting shall be paid. Further the shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes that 40 % of the total amount of the board fees payable to the ordinary members of the Board by the next annual general meeting shall be paid by company’s own shares and 60 % of the total amount of the fees payable shall be paid in cash. No share compensation shall be paid to the indirect majority shareholder of the company because it is not in the company’s interest to add the shareholding of the indirect majority shareholder by means of board fees. The shares shall be given to the Board members within two weeks from the date the Boreo’s interim report for period 1 January to 31 March 2023 has been published based on the volume weighted average price of the company’s share one week before and one week after the release of the interim report. Further it is proposed that Boreo shall cover the transaction fees and applicable transfer tax costs payable based on the purchase. The shares received as a board fee shall not be transferred during the board membership. If the board fee cannot be paid in shares due to legal or other regulatory limitation or any other reason concerning the company or the Board member  the board fee shall be paid fully in cash. The travel expenses shall be compensated in accordance with the maximum amount of the Tax authority’s notice concerning tax free travel expenses. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes to the General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6). Election of members of the Board of Directors The shareholder representing over 50 % of the company’s votes and outstanding shares proposes to the General Meeting that Simon Hallqvist  Ralf Holmlund  Jouni Grönroos  Camilla Grönholm and Michaela von Wendt will be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Noora Neilimo-Kontio will be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. The proposed new member of the Board of Directors is introduced at the company’s website at www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . All the proposed candidates have given their consent to be elected. From the current members of the Board of Directors Juhani Mykkänen has informed the company that he is not available for re-election. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration to the auditor to be elected be paid against the auditor’s reasonable invoice. Election of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Moore Idman Oy will be elected as the auditor of the company APA Jari Paloniemi as the auditor with principal responsibility. Amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes Article 9 § of the Articles of Association to be amended to enable holding a general meeting in Helsinki or Espoo in addition to the company’s domicile or entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  the Article 9 § of the Articles of Association would read as follows (unofficial translation from the Finnish wording): 9. The notice of a General Meeting and other notices to the shareholders shall be delivered by publishing the notice of meeting as stock exchange release no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  however  always at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting. To use their right to attend to the General Meeting the shareholders shall register for the meeting by the date notified in the notice to the general meeting. The registration date may be earliest ten (10) days before the general meeting. The General Meeting shall be held in Vantaa  Helsinki or Espoo. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means. The Articles of Association shall remain unchanged in other respects. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and special rights entitling to shares and transfer of company’s own shares The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on one or several issuances of shares  stock options and related special rights entitling to the company’s shares in accordance with Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows: The number of the shares issued based on the authorization shall be maximum 540 000 shares equalling approximately 20 percent of the company’s all shares at the date of this notice. The authorization includes a right to decide an issuance of either new or the company’s own shares with or without payment. New shares and option and special rights entitling to the company’s shares or transfer of company’s own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part or in case of a share issue without a payment if there are especially weighty reasons both on the part of the company and the interest of all shareholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all terms and conditions concerning the issuance of shares and the related special rights and transferring of the company’s own shares. The share issuance authorization may be used among other reasons for commitment of the personnel  carrying out share-based incentive programmes  development of the business and the capital structure  expanding the shareholding  implementation of the share purchase and business asset deals  or financing of acquiring assets for company’s business or other projects. The authorization concerning granting of stock options and special rights entitling to company’s shares may be used for the same purposes as the share issuance authorization save the commitment of the personnel and implementation of share-based incentive programmes. The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization shall not have an effect on any earlier decisions or authorizations regarding share issues  option or other special rights to shares. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on one or several repurchase of the company’s own shares with the company’s unrestricted equity as follows: The number of own shares to be repurchased based on the authorization shall not exceed 270 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all the shares in the company at the date of this notice. The resolution on repurchasing of company’s own shares shall not be made in a manner that the company would possess more than ten per cent of all shares in the company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization in order to develop the company’s capital structure  finance or carry out acquisitions  carry out share-based incentive programs  payment of the board fees or otherwise to transfer or to cancel the shares. The minimum share purchase price to be paid for the shares may be the lowest public trading price and the highest share purchase price may the highest public trading price of the company’s share during the validation of this authorization. Own shares can be repurchased in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part. The authorization is effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024. Closing of the General Meeting B. Documents of the General Meeting Beforementioned proposals for resolutions made by the Board of Directors and the shareholders to the General Meeting  remuneration report  this notice and the company’s financial statement  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report are available on Boreo’s website at www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 . This proposals for resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on Boreo’s website latest on 3 May 2023. C. Instructions for the participants of the General Meeting 1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ register Each shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  5 April 2023  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company. Changes in share ownership following the record date of the General Meeting do not have an impact on the right to participate in the General Meeting nor on the number of votes of the shareholder. Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 21 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the General Meeting no later than by 12 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET) by which time the notice must be received. The registration for the General Meeting can be done in the following ways: a) via Boreo’s website www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 Electronic registration and advance voting require that the shareholder or its statutory representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate. b) By mail or email Alternatively  a shareholder may send the notice of participation as presented at Boreo’s website www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / Boreo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi . In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested personal information  such as their name  date of birth or business identity code  phone number  email and the name of a proxy representative or assistant  if any  and the date of birth of the proxy representative. The personal data given to the company by shareholders is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations. The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the General Meeting. Additional information on registration and advance voting is available during the registration period to General Meeting from Innovatics Oy phone number 010 2818 909 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 a.m. - 12:00 noon and 01:00 p.m. – 04:00 p.m. 2. Proxy representatives and powers of attorney A shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. Shareholder’s proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative must use their personal strong electronic authentication when registering through the electronic registration service for the meeting and advance voting  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxies. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting. The proxy documents  if any  should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / Boreo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period by which time the documents must be received by Innovatics Oy. If the proxy documents are not delivered in connection to registration  shareholder or its proxy representative shall also register to the General Meeting in the manner set out above in this notice. 3. Holders of nominee-registered shares A holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the General Meeting  on 5 April 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder  based on such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 14 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting as well as advance voting from their custodian bank without delay. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the company within the registration period stated above at the latest. If necessary  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also take care of the advance voting on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares. 4. Advance voting Shareholders may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting during the period from 21 March 2023 at 10:00 noon (EET) until 12 April 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). The shareholder may vote in advance as follows: a) Via Boreo’s website at www.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 Voting in advance electronically requires that the shareholder or its statutory representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate. b) By email or mail A shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on Boreo’s website or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / Boreo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi . The advance votes must be received by Innovatics Oy before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period. Submission of the votes before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration. A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue. A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. 5. Other instructions and information The General Meeting is conducted in Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting. On the date of this notice  20 March 2023  the total number of shares in Boreo is 2 701 353 which equals 2 701 353 votes. On the date of this notice the company holds a total of 15 236 of its own shares. In Vantaa  20 March 2023 Boreo Plc BOARD OF DIRECTORS Boreo in brief: Boreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium sized companies in Northern Europe. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines. Boreo’s main objective is to create shareholder value in the long-term. It aims to achieve this with an acquisition-driven strategy  creating optimal conditions for its businesses to increase sales and improve profitability  and by being a best-in-class home for its companies and personnel. ​ The Group's net sales in 2022 were EUR 160 million and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. The company’s headquarter is in Vantaa.© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about BOREO OYJ 03/20 Notice to the annual general meeting of boreo plc GL 03/20 Notice to the annual general meeting of boreo plc GL 03/20 Boreo Oyj Announces Juhani Mykkänen Is Not Available for Re-Election CI 03/15 Proposals of the Shareholders to the Annual General Meeting on composition and remunera.. GL 03/15 Proposals of the Shareholders to the Annual General Meeting on composition and remunera.. GL 03/09 Boreo's Financial Statements and Report of the Board of Directors for 2022 published GL 03/09 Boreo's Financial Statements and Report of the Board of Directors for 2022 published GL 03/08 Boreo Plc – Managers' transactions – Tomi Sundberg GL 03/08 Boreo Plc – Managers' transactions – Tomi Sundberg GL 03/03 Finland's Boreo Subsidiary Buys Lamox MT,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.39,0.61,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'BOREO PLC', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'BOREO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'volume weighted average price', 'applicable transfer tax costs', 'next annual general meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'Financial Statement Use', 'The Managing Director', 'The Remuneration Report', 'meeting venue', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Section C.4', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'balance sheet', 'total amount', 'second dividend', 'maximum amount', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'two weeks', 'transaction fees', 'interim report', 'monthly fee', 'ordinary members', 'The Board', 'financial year', 'First name', 'Advance Voting', 'possible payment', 'payment dates', 'liability Presentation', 'outstanding shares', 'board membership', 'counting votes', 'shareholders’ register', 'share compensation', 'board fee', 'record date', '13:00 EET NOTICE', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'March', 'Wednesday', '19 April', 'Ansatie', '01740 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'option', 'instructions', 'Agenda', 'Election', 'minutes', 'supervisors', 'legality', 'attendance', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'company', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate_governance', 'profit', '4 May', 'discretion', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'Committees', 'addition', 'Nomination', 'participation', 'meetings', 'cash', 'interest', 'shareholding', 'means', 'period', '1 January', 'purchase', '2:00', '1:30']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20858,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630539/0/en/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-QPR-SOFTWARE-PLC.html,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF QPR SOFTWARE PLC,QPR SOFTWARE PLC   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE    20 MARCH 2023 AT 4:30 PM EET              Notice is hereby given to the shareholders of QPR...,English FinnishQPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 MARCH 2023 AT 4:30 PM EETNotice is hereby given to the shareholders of QPR Software Plc (“QPR” or the “Company”) that the Annual General Meeting (the “General Meeting”) will be held on Wednesday May 3  2023  starting at 2:30 p.m. (EEST) at the Company's headquarters at Huopalahdentie 24  00350 Helsinki  Finland.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the General Meeting2. Matters of order for the General Meeting3. Election of a person to scrutinize the minutes and a person to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022– CEO review7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year ended on December 31  2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial period January 1 – December 31  202210. Adoption of the Company’s Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that it adopts the Company’s Remuneration Report as an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for the year 2022 is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com as of March 20  2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the Board members will be kept unchanged. According to the proposal  the Chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 45 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year. Approximately 40 percent of the above-mentioned remuneration will be paid in shares and 60 percent in cash. The shares will be granted as soon as possible after the General Meeting and if the insider regulations allow it.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors will be reimbursed for travel and other expenses incurred while they are managing the Company's affairs.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that the number of Board members is confirmed as four (4).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that Pertti Ervi  Matti Heikkonen  Antti Koskela and Jukka Tapaninen are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. All of the nominees have given their consent to the position and are independent of the Company and of the Company’s significant shareholders.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that Pertti Ervi be elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information about the experience and previous positions of the persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com/company/board-of-directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the fee of the auditor be paid according to a reasonable invoice.15. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Authorized Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be re-elected as the Company’s auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Petri Kettunen  Authorized Public Accountant  would act as the principal auditor.16. Resolution on the amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Article 6 of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended to correspond to the responsibility for the auditor oversight stipulated in the amended Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015). Further  the Board of Directors proposes that the term of the auditor shall end at the closing of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:The company has one (1) auditor  which is required to be an auditing company registered in the official register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office.The term of the auditor shall end at the closing of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.Further  the Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Helsinki  Espoo and Vantaa. The proposal is based on the changes to the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings ensuring that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organize remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. Moreover  the Board of Directors proposes that the same article be amended based on changes in legislation so that the Annual General Meeting shall  in addition to the current matters listed in the second paragraph of Article 9  if necessary  resolve on the remuneration policy as well as resolve on the adoption of the remuneration report. The running numbers of the current items 6–9 would be adjusted accordingly to numbers 8–11 in the proposed amended article.In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:The Annual General Meeting shall be held annually in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa on the date decided by the Board of Directors  within six (6) months of the expiration of the financial period. The Board of Directors may also decide on organizing the General Meetings of the Company without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.In the meeting the following shall be submitted:1. financial statements  group financial statements and report of the Board of Directors;2. auditor's report.The following matters shall be decided upon:3. adoption of the financial statements and the group financial statements;4. use of the profit shown by the balance sheet;5. discharge of liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO;6. if necessary  the remuneration policy;7. adoption of the remuneration report;8. remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;9. amount of members in the Board of Directors.The following shall be elected:10. the members of the Board of Directors; and11. the auditor.17. Resolution on the reduction of the share capitalThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Company’s registered share capital is reduced from EUR 1 359 090 to EUR 80 000  i.e. by an aggregate amount of EUR 1 279 090 and that the reduced amount of EUR 1 279 090 is transferred to the reserve for invested unrestricted shareholders’ equity.Based on the assessment by the Board of Directors  it is appropriate to amend the structure of the Company’s equity in order to decrease the proportion of the share capital of the total equity. The reduction of the share capital requires a public notice in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act. The Board of Directors will make all decisions regarding the practical measures related to the reduction of the share capital. The arrangement does not require any measures from the shareholders.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on share issues and on the issue of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on issuances of new shares and conveyances of the own shares held by the Company (share issue) either in one or more instalments. The share issues can be carried out against payment or without consideration on terms to be determined by the Board of Directors. The authorization also includes the right to issue special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  which entitle to the Company's new shares or own shares held by the Company against consideration.Based on the authorization  the maximum number of new shares that may be issued and own shares held by the Company that may be conveyed in share issues or on the basis of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act is 3 200 000 shares. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 19.4 percent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the proposal. The authorization includes the right to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right.The authorization can be used  for example  in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to broaden the Company's ownership  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets relating to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs for personnel or for any other weighty financial reason for the Company. The authorization also includes the right to decide on the price of the shares and the criterion based on which the price is determined  as well as on the distribution of shares against consideration in kind or set-off.The authorization also includes the right to decide on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself so that the number of own shares held by the Company after the share issue is a maximum of one-tenth (1/10) of all shares in the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 15  Section 11  Subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  all own shares held by the Company and its subsidiaries are included in this amount.The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other terms and conditions regarding the share issues and the issue of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization shall be in force until the next Annual General Meeting.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide the acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the Company’s own shares. Based on the authorization  an aggregate maximum amount of 500 000 own shares may be acquired  either in one or more instalments. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 3.0 percent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the proposal. The authorization includes the right to acquire own shares otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders  using the Company’s non-restricted shareholders’ equity at the market price quoted at the time of purchase on the trading places where the Company’s shares are traded.The Company's own shares may be acquired in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets related to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs for personnel in a manner and to the extent decided by the Board of Directors  and to be conveyed for other purposes or to be cancelled.The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other terms and conditions regarding the acquisition of own shares. The authorization shall be in force until the next Annual General Meeting.20. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this notice are available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com. The Company’s Remuneration Report as well as the Annual Report 2022  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website as of March 20  2023. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than as of May 17  2023.C. Instructions to participants of the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting  on April 20  2023  in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on March 20  2023. A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting no later than by April 27  2023  at 10.00 a.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must have been received.Registration for the General Meeting can be made:a) through the Company’s website at www.qpr.comElectronic registration requires that the shareholder or its legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish online banking codes or mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify their name  date of birth or business identity code  address  telephone number  the name of a possible assistant or the name and date of birth of a possible proxy representative. A shareholder may register by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / QPR Software Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information  such as the name  date of birth  business identity code and contact details of the shareholder. The personal data given to the Company or to Innovatics Oy by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate and make use of their shareholder rights at the General Meeting through a proxy representative. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.A template for the proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com as of March 20  2023. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the registration or alternatively as originals to the address QPR Software Oyj / Investor Relations  Huopalahdentie 24  00350 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the Company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal entities can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal entity shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal entity in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which they can register. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Further information is available at suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information is available on the website of the Company at www.qpr.com.3. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on April 20  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered temporarily into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by April 27  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay all necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder's register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.Further information is available on the website of the Company at www.qpr.com.4. Other informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice  March 20  2023  the total number of shares and votes in the Company is 16 455 321.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or a shareholder’s number of votes at the General Meeting.In Helsinki on March 20  2023QPR SOFTWARE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFor further information:Heikki VeijolaChief Executive OfficerQPR Software PlcTel. +358 40 922 6029About QPR SoftwareQPR Software Plc (Nasdaq Helsinki) provides process mining  performance management  and enterprise architecture solutions for digital transformation  strategy execution  and business process improvement in over 50 countries. QPR software allows customers to gain valuable insights for informed decisions that make a difference.www.qpr.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediaswww.qpr.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'QPR SOFTWARE PLC', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'QPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Finnish Auditing Act', 'remote general meetings', 'The Remuneration Report', 'significant shareholders', 'remote meeting', 'English Finnish', 'Public Accountants', 'Finnish Patent', 'The Board', 'meeting venue', '4:30 PM EET', 'Wednesday May', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'insider regulations', 'other expenses', 'Pertti Ervi', 'Matti Heikkonen', 'Antti Koskela', 'Jukka Tapaninen', 'previous positions', 'reasonable invoice', 'Petri Kettunen', 'official register', 'Registration Office', 'auditing company', 'A. Matters', 'CEO review', 'other members', 'principal auditor', 'auditor oversight', 'one (1) auditor', 'financial year', 'advisory resolution', 'Board members', 'MARCH', 'Notice', 'headquarters', 'Huopalahdentie', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'website', 'proposal', 'Chairman', '40 percent', 'shares', '60 percent', 'cash', 'travel', 'affairs', 'number', 'nominees', 'consent', 'Information', 'experience', 'fee', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'responsibility', 'term', 'closing', 'amended', 'provision', 'addition', 'Espoo', 'Vantaa', 'changes', 'possibility', '2:30']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20859,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QPR-SOFTWARE-OYJ-1412521/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-QPR-SOFTWARE-PLC-43293003/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF QPR SOFTWARE PLC,(marketscreener.com) QPR SOFTWARE PLC   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE    20 MARCH 2023 AT 4:30 PM EET Notice is hereby given to the shareholders of QPR Software Plc that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Wednesday May 3  2023  starting at 2:30 p.m. at the C…,QPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 MARCH 2023 AT 4:30 PM EETNotice is hereby given to the shareholders of QPR Software Plc (“QPR” or the “Company”) that the Annual General Meeting (the “General Meeting”) will be held on Wednesday May 3  2023  starting at 2:30 p.m. (EEST) at the Company's headquarters at Huopalahdentie 24  00350 Helsinki  Finland.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the General Meeting2. Matters of order for the General Meeting3. Election of a person to scrutinize the minutes and a person to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022– CEO review7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year ended on December 31  2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial period January 1 – December 31  202210. Adoption of the Company’s Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that it adopts the Company’s Remuneration Report as an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for the year 2022 is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com as of March 20  2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the Board members will be kept unchanged. According to the proposal  the Chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 45 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year. Approximately 40 percent of the above-mentioned remuneration will be paid in shares and 60 percent in cash. The shares will be granted as soon as possible after the General Meeting and if the insider regulations allow it.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors will be reimbursed for travel and other expenses incurred while they are managing the Company's affairs.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that the number of Board members is confirmed as four (4).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that Pertti Ervi  Matti Heikkonen  Antti Koskela and Jukka Tapaninen are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. All of the nominees have given their consent to the position and are independent of the Company and of the Company’s significant shareholders.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that Pertti Ervi be elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information about the experience and previous positions of the persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com/company/board-of-directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the fee of the auditor be paid according to a reasonable invoice.15. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Authorized Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be re-elected as the Company’s auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Petri Kettunen  Authorized Public Accountant  would act as the principal auditor.16. Resolution on the amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Article 6 of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended to correspond to the responsibility for the auditor oversight stipulated in the amended Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015). Further  the Board of Directors proposes that the term of the auditor shall end at the closing of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:The company has one (1) auditor  which is required to be an auditing company registered in the official register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office.The term of the auditor shall end at the closing of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.Further  the Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Helsinki  Espoo and Vantaa. The proposal is based on the changes to the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings ensuring that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organize remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. Moreover  the Board of Directors proposes that the same article be amended based on changes in legislation so that the Annual General Meeting shall  in addition to the current matters listed in the second paragraph of Article 9  if necessary  resolve on the remuneration policy as well as resolve on the adoption of the remuneration report. The running numbers of the current items 6–9 would be adjusted accordingly to numbers 8–11 in the proposed amended article.In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:The Annual General Meeting shall be held annually in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa on the date decided by the Board of Directors  within six (6) months of the expiration of the financial period. The Board of Directors may also decide on organizing the General Meetings of the Company without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.In the meeting the following shall be submitted:1. financial statements  group financial statements and report of the Board of Directors;2. auditor's report.The following matters shall be decided upon:3. adoption of the financial statements and the group financial statements;4. use of the profit shown by the balance sheet;5. discharge of liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO;6. if necessary  the remuneration policy;7. adoption of the remuneration report;8. remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;9. amount of members in the Board of Directors.The following shall be elected:10. the members of the Board of Directors; and11. the auditor.17. Resolution on the reduction of the share capitalThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Company’s registered share capital is reduced from EUR 1 359 090 to EUR 80 000  i.e. by an aggregate amount of EUR 1 279 090 and that the reduced amount of EUR 1 279 090 is transferred to the reserve for invested unrestricted shareholders’ equity.Based on the assessment by the Board of Directors  it is appropriate to amend the structure of the Company’s equity in order to decrease the proportion of the share capital of the total equity. The reduction of the share capital requires a public notice in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act. The Board of Directors will make all decisions regarding the practical measures related to the reduction of the share capital. The arrangement does not require any measures from the shareholders.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on share issues and on the issue of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on issuances of new shares and conveyances of the own shares held by the Company (share issue) either in one or more instalments. The share issues can be carried out against payment or without consideration on terms to be determined by the Board of Directors. The authorization also includes the right to issue special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  which entitle to the Company's new shares or own shares held by the Company against consideration.Based on the authorization  the maximum number of new shares that may be issued and own shares held by the Company that may be conveyed in share issues or on the basis of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act is 3 200 000 shares. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 19.4 percent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the proposal. The authorization includes the right to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right.The authorization can be used  for example  in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to broaden the Company's ownership  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets relating to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs for personnel or for any other weighty financial reason for the Company. The authorization also includes the right to decide on the price of the shares and the criterion based on which the price is determined  as well as on the distribution of shares against consideration in kind or set-off.The authorization also includes the right to decide on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself so that the number of own shares held by the Company after the share issue is a maximum of one-tenth (1/10) of all shares in the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 15  Section 11  Subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  all own shares held by the Company and its subsidiaries are included in this amount.The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other terms and conditions regarding the share issues and the issue of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization shall be in force until the next Annual General Meeting.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide the acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the Company’s own shares. Based on the authorization  an aggregate maximum amount of 500 000 own shares may be acquired  either in one or more instalments. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 3.0 percent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the proposal. The authorization includes the right to acquire own shares otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders  using the Company’s non-restricted shareholders’ equity at the market price quoted at the time of purchase on the trading places where the Company’s shares are traded.The Company's own shares may be acquired in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets related to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs for personnel in a manner and to the extent decided by the Board of Directors  and to be conveyed for other purposes or to be cancelled.The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other terms and conditions regarding the acquisition of own shares. The authorization shall be in force until the next Annual General Meeting.20. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this notice are available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com. The Company’s Remuneration Report as well as the Annual Report 2022  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website as of March 20  2023. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than as of May 17  2023.C. Instructions to participants of the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting  on April 20  2023  in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on March 20  2023. A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting no later than by April 27  2023  at 10.00 a.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must have been received.Registration for the General Meeting can be made:a) through the Company’s website at www.qpr.comElectronic registration requires that the shareholder or its legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish online banking codes or mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify their name  date of birth or business identity code  address  telephone number  the name of a possible assistant or the name and date of birth of a possible proxy representative. A shareholder may register by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / QPR Software Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information  such as the name  date of birth  business identity code and contact details of the shareholder. The personal data given to the Company or to Innovatics Oy by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate and make use of their shareholder rights at the General Meeting through a proxy representative. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.A template for the proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com as of March 20  2023. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the registration or alternatively as originals to the address QPR Software Oyj / Investor Relations  Huopalahdentie 24  00350 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the Company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal entities can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal entity shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal entity in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which they can register. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Further information is available at suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information is available on the website of the Company at www.qpr.com.3. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on April 20  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered temporarily into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by April 27  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay all necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder's register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.Further information is available on the website of the Company at www.qpr.com.4. Other informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice  March 20  2023  the total number of shares and votes in the Company is 16 455 321.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or a shareholder’s number of votes at the General Meeting.In Helsinki on March 20  2023QPR SOFTWARE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFor further information:Heikki VeijolaChief Executive OfficerQPR Software PlcTel. +358 40 922 6029About QPR SoftwareQPR Software Plc (Nasdaq Helsinki) provides process mining  performance management  and enterprise architecture solutions for digital transformation  strategy execution  and business process improvement in over 50 countries. QPR software allows customers to gain valuable insights for informed decisions that make a difference.www.qpr.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediaswww.qpr.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'QPR SOFTWARE PLC', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'QPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'Finnish Auditing Act', 'remote general meetings', 'The Remuneration Report', 'significant shareholders', 'Finnish Patent', 'remote meeting', 'Public Accountants', 'The Board', 'meeting venue', '4:30 PM EET', 'Wednesday May', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'insider regulations', 'other expenses', 'Pertti Ervi', 'Matti Heikkonen', 'Antti Koskela', 'Jukka Tapaninen', 'previous positions', 'reasonable invoice', 'Petri Kettunen', 'official register', 'Registration Office', 'auditing company', 'A. Matters', 'CEO review', 'other members', 'principal auditor', 'auditor oversight', 'one (1) auditor', 'financial year', 'advisory resolution', 'Board members', 'MARCH', 'Notice', 'headquarters', 'Huopalahdentie', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'website', 'proposal', 'Chairman', '40 percent', 'shares', '60 percent', 'cash', 'travel', 'affairs', 'number', 'nominees', 'consent', 'Information', 'experience', 'fee', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'responsibility', 'amended', 'term', 'closing', 'provision', 'addition', 'Espoo', 'Vantaa', 'changes', 'possibility', 'participating', '2:30']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20860,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-general-meeting-alfa-laval-114100288.html,Annual General Meeting in Alfa Laval AB (publ),General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Scandic Star Lund  Gastelyckan  Glimmervägen 5  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.,The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 25  2023LUND  Sweden.  March 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Scandic Star Lund  Gastelyckan  Glimmervägen 5  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.00 p.m.The company's CEO presentation will be published on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/ after the general meeting.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 17  2023  and notice participation as follows below.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance Voting below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 19  2023.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy  must notify participation at the latest April 19  2023  to Euroclear Sweden AB. Notification of participation can either be made by phone to +46 8 402 91 98  Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.  or on the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Please state  name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying advisor(s) (maximum two).Nominee-registered sharesIn addition to providing notification of participation as described above  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 17  2023. The registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures. This means that the shareholder must notify the nominee in ample time. A voting right registration completed no later than the second banking day after April 17  2023  is considered when preparing the register of shareholders.Story continuesAdvance VotingA special form for advance voting (postal voting) must be used. The form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/ under information about the Annual General Meeting 2023. The completed voting form can either be sent by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The advance vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 19  2023. A shareholder can also exercise its voting right electronically through Bank-ID verification. Further instructions can be found on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . A shareholder who casts its advance vote electronically must submit the vote no later than April 19  2023. No special instructions  conditions  or other additions may be added to the advance vote. An advance voting form containing any special instructions or conditions will make the vote invalid in its entirety. For further instructions and conditions  please see the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance as well as notifies its participation at the venue in person  the advance vote remains valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the submitted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the cast vote will replace the previously submitted advance vote on the item in question.For any questions regarding the advance voting or to request a voting form sent by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8 402 91 98 (Monday to Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.).Proxy etc.Shareholders who vote in advance by proxy must enclose a written and dated proxy together with the completed voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority must be enclosed as well.If a shareholder is represented by a proxy at the venue  a written and dated proxy  as well as a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority  should be sent by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm well in advance of the general meeting and must otherwise be brought to the general meeting.A proxy form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/Proposed agendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting. Election of Chairman for the general meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting register. Approval of the agenda for the general meeting. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes. Determination whether the general meeting has been duly convened. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation of the annual report and the Auditor's report  as well as the consolidated annual report and the Auditor's report for the group  and the Auditor's report regarding compliance with the applicable Executive Remuneration Policy. Resolution on Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the general meeting as well as the number of Auditors and deputy Auditors. Determination of compensation to the Board of Directors and the Auditors. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors  other members and deputy members of the Board  as well as Auditors and deputy Auditors. Resolution on reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and on increase of the share capital through a bonus issue. Resolution on Executive Remuneration Policy for compensation to executive officers. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2The Nomination Committee proposes that Dennis Jönsson  Chairman of the Board of Directors  is appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 (b)The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of profits in an amount of SEK 6 per share for 2022. Record date for the right to receive dividend is proposed to be April 27  2023. If the general meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to pay the dividend on May 3  2023.Item 11 -13The Nomination Committee proposes as follows.Item 11: The number of Board members  elected by the general meeting  is proposed to be increased by one person and thus consist of nine elected members with no deputies. Both the number of Auditors and the number of deputy Auditors are proposed to be two.Item 12: The compensation to the Board of Directors is proposed to be SEK 7 150 000 (SEK 6 345 000). The compensation is to be distributed among the members of the Board who are elected by the general meeting and not employed by the company  as follows:Chairman of theBoard of Directors SEK 1 950 000(SEK1 900 000)Other members of theBoard of Directors SEK 650 000(SEK635 000)Please note that the total amount proposed includes compensation for nine members of the Board compared to previously eight members.In addition to the above proposed compensation  it is also proposed that additional compensation shall be distributed to the elected members of the Board who also hold a position in any of the Committees as follows below:Additional compensation to theChairman of the Audit Committee SEK 300 000(SEK 300 000)Additional compensation to othermembers of the Audit Committee SEK 150 000(SEK 150 000)Additional compensation to theChairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000(SEK 75 000)Additional compensation to othermembers of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000(SEK 75 000)Bracketed figures refer to compensation for year 2022.Compensation to the Auditors is proposed to be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13: The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Dennis Jönsson  Finn Rausing  Henrik Lange  Jörn Rausing  Lilian Fossum Biner  Ray Mauritsson  and Ulf Wiinberg. Anna Müller och Nadine Crauwels are proposed to be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. Maria Moræus Hanssen has declined re-election.The Nominating Committee further proposes that Dennis Jönsson is re-appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nominating Committee's proposals above concerns elections for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Anna Müller holds the position as Senior Vice President Europe North & Central at Volvo Trucks since 2020. She has long experience in Volvo where she has held several senior positions since 2014. Before Anna Müller started at Volvo  she held the position as Managing Director at Ford Motor Company AB. Anna Müller was Chairman of the Board in Com & Company between 2017 and 2021 and has also held the position as Board member of the Swedish car industry association (Bil Sweden).Nadine Crauwels holds the position as President Sandvik Machining Solutions and Executive Vice President at Sandvik. Nadine Crauwels has a long experience in Sandvik where she has held several senior positions in Switzerland and Belgium since 2000. In 2017 Nadine Crauwels took up the position as President Sandvik Coromant AB  a position she held until 2020 when she became President Sandvik Machining Solutions and member of the Group's Executive management.Further information on the proposed Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement are available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ under information regarding the Board of Directors and the Annual General Meeting 2023.In accordance with the Remuneration Committee's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that the authorized public accountant Karoline Tedevall is re-elected  and that the authorized public accountant Andreas Troberg is elected as the company's Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Nomination Committee further proposes that the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast are re-elected as the company's deputy Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Item 14The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to reduce the share capital by cancellation of the 550 508 shares currently held by Alfa Laval AB. The Board of Directors proposes that the reduction amount is transferred to the company's non-restricted equity  whereby the share capital is reduced by SEK 1 485 377.34. The 550 508 shares held by Alfa Laval AB  refer to such shares repurchased during the period from March 21  2022  in connection with the publication of the notice to the Annual General Meeting 2022  and the 2022 Annual General Meeting. The shares were repurchased as a part of the share buyback program  initiated by the Board of Directors  following the authorization given by the Annual General Meeting 2021.To restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 1 485 377.34 by way of a bonus issue without issuing new shares. The reduction amount is proposed to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity.The Board of Director's report in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act:The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal on reduction of the share capital is that the company's share capital and restricted equity will be reduced by SEK 1 485 377.34. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal regarding increase of the share capital by way of a bonus issue is that the share capital and restricted equity will be increased by SEK 1 485 377.34. Thus  the combined effect is that neither the company's share capital nor the restricted equity is reduced. The auditors' statement in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish companies Act is included in the material for the Annual General Meeting.Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an amendment of the Executive remuneration policy for executive officers that was adopted by the Annual general Meeting 2021. The proposed amendment has been marked below.Executive remuneration policyThe executive officers  i.e. the CEO and other members of Group Management reporting to the CEO  fall within the provisions of this policy. The policy is forward-looking  i.e. applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the policy by the annual general meeting in April 2023. This policy does not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting. This policy is substantially in line with the policy adopted in 2021  however  with the addition of a possibility for the Board of Directors to delegate decision-making under the policy to its Remuneration Committee.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel  consequently it is necessary that the company offers market competitive remuneration.For information regarding Alfa Laval's business strategy  please visit https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/This policy enables the company to offer the executive officers a competitive total remuneration. The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed base salary  variable cash remuneration (including STI and LTIP)  pension benefits and other benefits. The components  their purpose and link to the company's business strategy are described below.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the policyThe Board of Directors has established a Committee within the Board (the Remuneration Committee)  with the tasks of preparing  within the Board of Directors  the policy for remuneration for executive officers. The Board of Directors shall propose a revised policy at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The policy shall be in force until a new policy is adopted by the general meeting.Unless otherwise stated herein  the Board of Directors shall resolve on matters regarding remuneration and employment provisions for all other executive officers. The Board of Directors may delegate decision-making to the Remuneration Committee. The Committee shall continuously report to the Board of Directors. The CEO and the other executive officers shall not be present when their respective remuneration terms are decided.Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of this policy– resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed Base SalaryPurpose and link to strategySupports the attraction and retention of the best talents. Ensures competitiveness while controlling fixed costs to maximise efficiency. Operational DetailsNormally reviewed annually and increases will usually be effective from 1 January or following a change in responsibilities. The Remuneration Committee will consider  among other things  the following parameters when reviewing fixed base salary:Variable Cash RemunerationA portion of the total remuneration for the executive officers is linked to business performance so that total remuneration will increase or decrease in line with performance  thus promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests.Annual Short Term Incentive (STI)Purpose and link to strategy To incentivise and create focus on the delivery of annual financial and strategic criteria. Operational Details The performance criteria  weighting and targets are to be determined proposed by theRemuneration Committee annually and approved by the Board of Directors . Targets shall be setby reference to the company's operating plan and historical and projected performance. The outcome of criteria for awarding STI is to be measured over a period of one year and dependon the degree of fulfilment of predetermined targets. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions subject to the restrictions that may apply under law or contract  to reclaim in whole or in part STIpaid on incorrect grounds (so-called claw-back). Opportunity Levels The maximum opportunity for STI can amount up to 50% of fixed base salary. For the CEO the maximumopportunity can amount up to 60% of fixed base salary.The Remuneration Committee shall have the possibilityto review the opportunity levels in order to ensure market competitiveness.Performance criteria The STI plan awards shall be based on mainly financial criteria. The criteria shall be designed so as to contributeto the company's business strategy and long-term interests.Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)Purpose and link to strategy Give extra focus on the long-term value creation for the shareholders. Operational Details An annual grant of the LTIP  with a three-year performance period  can be decided by the Board of Directors each year. Payment to the participants of the program are made after year three  provided  that they are still employed at the date of payment. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions  subject to the restrictions that may apply under law or contract  to reclaim in whole or in part LTIP paid on incorrect grounds (claw-back). In the event of a restructuring of the Company or any other extraordinary event which the Remuneration Committee considers will affect the value of an award  the method of calculating the proportion of the maximum value of the award which will be paid to a Participant on vesting may be adjusted in such manner as the Remuneration Committee shall determine to be fair and reasonable. Opportunity Levels For executive officers the maximum opportunity for LTIP can amount up to 40% of fixed base salary for each three-year performance period. For the CEO the maximum opportunity can amount up to 50% of fixed base salary for each three-year performance period. Performance Criteria The performance criteria of the LTIP are to be related to financial targets over a business cycle  including but not necessarily limited to  Operating margin (adjusted EBITA margin) and Net invoicing growth. Maximum outcome is awarded when the externally communicated long-term financial targets are clearly exceeded.For retention or recruitment purposes or extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks the Remuneration Committee based on proposal of CEO  may decide on a specific cash remuneration. Such remuneration may not exceed an annual amount corresponding to 40 percent of fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual.Pension BenefitsPurpose and link to strategy Provide competitive and cost-effective pension benefits.Operational Details Pension benefits shall be defined contribution (premium defined) unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless the executive officer is part of mandatory collective agreed provisions where this is stipulated. Early retirement may be offered selectively and only after a special decision by the Remuneration Committee  with a defined contribution early retirement scheme. For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of this policy. Opportunity Levels The pension premiums for defined contribution pension shall amount to not more than 50 per cent of the pensionable salary (for the CEO fixed annual base salary).Other BenefitsPurpose and link to strategy Provide competitive and cost-effective benefits.Operational Details Other benefits may include but is not limited to life insurance  disability insurance  medical insurance/cover (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring)  and a company car or car allowance. For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish  benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of this policy. Executive officers who are international assignees (for example expatriates) to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the international assignment arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of this policy.Opportunity Levels Other benefits may amount to not more than 5 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary and shall be set at a level which the Remuneration Committee considers to: provide the relevant level of benefit depending on role and the individual circumstances  be in line with comparable roles in companies with similar size and complexity in the local market  and be appropriate compared to the benefits offered to the wider workforce in the local market.Termination of employmentDetails If notice of termination of employment is made by the company: When termination is made by the executive officer  the period of notice may not exceed six months without any right to severance pay. Appropriate so-called good leaver/bad leaver principles are to be applied for STI and LTIP. Repatriation – If the executive officer is an international assignee the company may reimburse reasonable cost for the repatriation of good leavers  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of this policy. For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish  payments in connection with termination may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of this policy.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for this remuneration policy  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time. The development of the difference between the remuneration to executive officers and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.Derogation from the policyThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the policy  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the policy.Additional information regarding executive remuneration is available in the Alfa Laval Annual Report.Available documentsIn connection with the publication of the notice for the Annual General Meeting  the Nomination Committee's proposals and its reasoned statement  will be held available on the company's website  https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/. The annual report and other basis for the resolutions will be available on the company's website  no later than April 4  2023.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company is 413 876 823 and Alfa Laval´s holding of own shares amounts to 550 508. All shares are of the same class.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that this is possible without significant harm to the company  give information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the company's processing of personal data and shareholders rights  please see the Privacy Policy at: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf or contact the company at the following email address: dataprivacy@alfalaval.com.Lund  March 2023ALFA LAVAL AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3736432/1924518.pdf Notice to attend AGM 2023 in Alfa Laval AB (publ)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab-publ-301777270.htmlSOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.22,0.31,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'accompanying advisor(s', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Scandic Star Lund', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'postal voting', 'Glimmervägen', 'CEO presentation', 'Bank-ID verification', 'other additions', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'cast vote', 'advance vote', 'share register', 'Further instructions', 'special instructions', 'telephone number', 'equivalent certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'latest April', 'proxy form', 'shareholders', 'office', 'notice', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'CET', 'Gastelyckan', 'Coffee', 'venue', 'website', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'person', 'Notification', 'Friday', '9:00 a', 'vpc', 'state', 'name', 'address', 'procedures', 'time', 'Story', 'alfalaval', 'investors', 'corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting', 'information', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'item', 'question', '9.00 a', 'written', 'dated', 'authority', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', '4.00', '3.30', '3.00']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20861,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-annual-general-meeting-boliden-094800552.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Boliden AB (publ),The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 25  2023 at 1 p.m. (CEST). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Boliden in Garpenberg ,"STOCKHOLM  March 21  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 25  2023 at 1 p.m. (CEST). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Boliden in Garpenberg  Sweden. The meeting facilities will be open for registration and exhibition from 10 a.m. (CEST). Lunch is served from 12 p.m. (CEST).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also in advance (postal voting) in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association  see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information.ParticipationA) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxymust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Monday  April 17  2023 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  and mustgive notice of participation to the company on the company's website  www.boliden.com  by telephone +46 8 32 94 29 or by mail to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  shareholders shall state their name  identification or registration number  address and telephone number as well as the number of attending assistants (maximum of two). Notice of participation must be received by the company no later than Wednesday  April 19  2023.B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal votingmust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Monday  April 17  2023 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  and must give notice of participation to the company by casting their postal vote so that the postal voting form is received by the company no later than Wednesday  April 19  2023 (see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information).Story continuesThe information provided in the notice of participation will be processed and used only for the purpose of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must provide a notification of attendance in accordance with item A) under ""Participation"" above. A notification by postal voting only is not sufficient for shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting at the meeting facilities.Nominee SharesFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting (at the meeting facilities or through postal voting). Such shareholder must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Monday  April 17  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 19  2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders that are represented  or submit their postal vote  by proxy must issue a power of attorney. A form for power of attorney is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not longer than a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal person must be accompanied by a certified copy of the legal person's certificate of registration. The certificate of registration shall evidence the circumstances on the date of the Annual General Meeting and should not be older than one year at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority are submitted by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the day of the Annual General Meeting.Advance Voting (Postal Voting)A special form must be used for the postal votes. The form is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. Completed forms must be received by Boliden no later than Wednesday  April 19  2023.The completed postal voting form can be sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Wednesday  April 19  2023. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy must be attached to the postal voting form according to instructions under ""Proxy"" above. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document must be attached to the postal voting form.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. In order to receive the form for postal voting by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden at telephone +46 8 32 94 29  Monday to Friday between 09.00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.Proposed AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group (including the auditor's statement regarding the guidelines for remuneration to the Group Management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting) Report on the work of the Board of Directors  its Remuneration Committee and its Audit Committee The President's address Report on the audit work during 2022 Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution on appropriation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the right to receive dividend Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution on fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Election of members of the Nomination Committee Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings programme 2023/2026 (LTIP 2023/2026) Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration for the Group Management Closing of the Annual General MeetingNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee of Boliden has consisted of Lennart Francke (Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Chairman  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken Fonder)  and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder). The chairman of the Board  Karl-Henrik Sundström has been an adjunct to the Nomination Committee.Election of Chairman (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that Karl-Henrik Sundström be elected Chairman of the meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 3)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Resolution on the appropriation of the profit according to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the dividend (item 12)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 15.00 (10.50) per share and that Thursday  April 27  2023 shall be the record date for the right to receive dividends. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  May 3  2023. Further distribution of funds to the shareholders of SEK 11.50 per share through an automatic redemption procedure is proposed in accordance with item 21 below.Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the appointment of seven Board members and one registered accounting firm as auditor.Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 1 965 000 (1 920 000) and that each of the other Directors not employed by the company shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 655 000 (640 000); that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 275 000 (250 000); that each of the Audit Committee members shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 150 000 (150 000); and that both the Chairman and the other member of the Remuneration Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 75 000 (75 000) each.Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 16)The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Helene Biström  Tomas Eliasson  Per Lindberg  Perttu Louhiluoto  Elisabeth Nilsson  Pia Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström.The Nomination Committee also proposes re-election of Karl-Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Resolution on fees for the auditor (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of auditor (item 18)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 20)The Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Francke (Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken Fonder) and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder) are appointed as Nomination Committee members.Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including a) share split 2:1  b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 21)BackgroundBoliden has generated substantial cash flows over the past year and the financial position is strong. At the end of the year  the net debt/equity ratio was zero (0) per cent  which means that the balance sheet is stronger than Boliden's target of about 20 per cent at economic peaks. The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an automatic share redemption  which will not jeopardise the ability to handle any deterioration in market terms nor the ability to finance additional growth. Through this  each existing share is split into two shares (share split 2:1)  whereof one of those shares will automatically be redeemed at SEK 11.50. In addition to the proposed ordinary dividend of approximately SEK 4 103 million  approximately SEK 3 145 million will be distributed to the shareholders through this procedure. The dividend and the redemption amount to a total of approximately SEK 7 248 million  or SEK 26.50 per share. To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure the Board further proposes that the company's share capital is restored to its current amount by means of a bonus issue. In view hereof  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves in accordance with the following proposal.21 i) share split 2:1The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a share split 2:1  meaning that each existing share is divided into two shares  of which one is to be referred to as redemption share in the Euroclear system and be redeemed in the manner described under item b) below. The suggested record date at Euroclear for the share split is May 10  2023. The last trading day for the company's shares including the right to receive redemption shares will therefore be May 8  2023 and the first trading day for the company's shares excluding the right to receive redemption shares will be May 9  2023. After the share split  the number of shares in the company will increase from 273 511 169 to 547 022 338  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06.21 ii) reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 (the reduction amount) for repayment to the shareholders. The reduction of the share capital will be made by means of redemption of 273 511 169 shares.The shares to be redeemed shall be those shares that  after the share split in accordance with item a) above  are referred to as redemption shares in the Euroclear system  whereby the record date for the right to receive redemption shares according to item a) above is May 10  2023. Trading in the redemption shares is estimated to take place as from May 11  2023 up to June 1  2023.For each redeemed share a redemption amount of SEK 11.50 will be paid in cash  of which approximately SEK 10.44 exceeds the quota value of the share. The total redemption amount is estimated to SEK 3 145 378 443.50. In addition to the reduction amount of SEK 289 457 169  an estimated amount of SEK 2 855 921 274.50 will be distributed  by use of the company's non-restricted equity. The record date for the right to receive the redemption amount is proposed to be June 5  2023. Payment of the redemption amount is estimated to be made by Euroclear on June 9  2023.Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 289 457 169  allocated on in total 273 511 169 shares  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06. Apart from the reduction of the share capital  the company's restricted equity will not be affected.21 iii) increase of the share capital through a bonus issueFurther  to achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 289 457 169  to SEK 578 914 338  through a transfer of SEK 289 457 169 from the company's non-restricted equity. No new shares are to be issued in connection with the bonus issue.The number of shares in the company will  after implementation of the increase of the share capital  be 273 511 169  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 2.12.The resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with items a) – c) above are conditional upon each other and shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. In order for the resolution by the Annual General Meeting to be valid  the resolution must be approved by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Finally  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the company's President to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions in this item 21 that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear.The Board's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as the Auditor's statements pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act are provided separately.A separate information brochure regarding the proposed automatic share redemption procedure in accordance with this item will be provided before the Annual General Meeting.Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings programme 2023/2026 (item 22a) and hedging arrangements related thereto (item 22b)BackgroundThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a long-term share savings programme (the ""Programme"" or ""LTIP 2023/2026""). The Programme is aimed at the CEO  members of the Group Management  General Managers and certain other key employees in the Boliden Group and shall be implemented after Boliden's Annual General Meeting in 2023.The overall purpose of the Programme is to maintain a close community of interest between employees and shareholders by incentivising employees to increase the value of the company. The Programme is intended to attract and retain key employees. The programme should be achievable  easy to understand  cost-effective to administer and easy to communicate.22 i) Implementation of the ProgrammeThe Board of Directors proposes to implement the Programme on the main terms set out below.a. The Programme is proposed to be directed to 17 permanent employees within the Boliden Group  which are divided into the following four categories: the CEO of Boliden (""Group 1"")  members of the Group Management (currently four persons) (""Group 2"")  General Managers (currently ten persons) (""Group 3"") and two other pre-identified key persons in the Boliden Group (""Group 4""). The participants in Groups 1-4 are together referred to as the ""Participants"".b. In order to participate in the Programme  the employees are required to personally invest in shares in Boliden  and that these shares are allocated to the Programme  or that shares already held in Boliden are allocated to the Programme1  which shall take place no later than 31 December 2023  unless the Board of Directors decides to postpone the date (""Investment Shares""). The Investment Shares shall be retained throughout the Vesting Period (as defined below). For each Investment Share  the Participants have the possibility to  free of charge  either by Boliden  by another company in the Boliden Group or by a designated third party  be allotted a maximum of three (3) shares in Boliden conditional upon continued employment and uninterrupted holding of Investment Shares and fulfilment of certain performance conditions (as further described in section (d) below) (""Performance Shares"").c. The Performance Shares will be granted after the expiry of a vesting period  which runs from and including 1 June 2023 up to and including 31 May 2026 (the ""Vesting Period"").d. The allotment of Performance Shares shall be dependent on the extent to which the performance conditions for the Programme have been fulfilled. The performance conditions shall consist of a financial target specific to the Programme related to the total shareholder return (""TSR"") for Boliden's share (the ""TSR Condition"") and a sustainability target (the ""Sustainability Condition"")  as further described below. The TSR Condition will be weighted with 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition with 20 per cent when determining the allotment of Performance Shares. After the end of the Vesting Period  the Board of Directors will publish the extent to which the TSR Condition and the Sustainability Conditions have been fulfilled.The TSR Condition shall be related to the TSR of Boliden's share during a period of 20 trading days after Boliden's publication of the year-end report for the financial year 2022 compared to 20 trading days after Boliden's publication of the year-end report for the financial year 2025 (the ""Measurement Period"") in relation to the TSR of a peer group of other companies.2A condition for allotment of Performance Shares under the TSR Condition is that the TSR for Boliden's share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the peer group during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not achieved  no allotment of Performance Shares related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum allotment (100 per cent)  the TSR for Boliden's share must exceed the weighted TSR outcome for the peer group by at least 12.5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). If the TSR for Boliden's share amounts to between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear allocation is made.The Sustainability Condition shall be related to the reduction of Boliden's carbon dioxide emissions in absolute terms. A condition for allotment of Performance Shares under the Sustainability Condition is that Boliden's carbon dioxide emissions in absolute terms (Scope 1 and Scope 2 according to the Green-house Gas Protocol) during the financial year 2025 have been reduced by at least 12 per cent compared to Boliden's carbon dioxide emissions in absolute terms during the financial year 2021.3e. Participants in Group 1-2 may invest in Investment Shares at a value corresponding to a maximum of 15 per cent of the Participant's annual gross fixed base salary for 2023. Participants in Group 3-4 may invest in Investment Shares at a value corresponding to a maximum of 10 per cent of the Participant's annual gross fixed base salary for 2023. The number of Investment Shares that Participants may acquire is determined on the basis of the volume-weighted average share price of the Boliden share during a period of 20 trading days after Boliden's publication of the year-end report for the financial year 2022.f. Performance Shares may normally only be allotted after the end of the Vesting Period. The total value of Performance Shares allotted to Participants may not exceed 150 per cent of the Participant's annual individual gross fixed base salary for 2026 (the ""Cap""). The value of the Performance Shares for calculation of the Cap is determined based on the volume weighted average share price of the Boliden share during a period of 20 trading days prior to the end of the Vesting Period.g. For a Participant to be allotted Performance Shares  it shall normally have been a permanent employee within the Boliden Group during the entire Vesting Period  and have retained the Investment Shares until the end of the Vesting Period. Investment Shares disposed of before the end of the Vesting Period shall not be included in the calculation for determining the allotment of Performance Shares.h. If there are significant changes in the Boliden Group or in the market which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would mean that the conditions for allotment of Performance Shares under the Programme are no longer reasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Programme  including  inter alia  a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of Performance Shares  or that no allotment of Performance Shares shall take place at all.i. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the detailed terms and conditions of the Programme. In this respect  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make necessary adjustments to these terms and conditions in order to fulfil specific rules or market conditions outside Sweden.j. Participation in the Programme is contingent upon such participation being legal in the relevant jurisdictions. Where  in the Board's opinion  Participants outside Sweden cannot be allotted Performance Shares at a reasonable cost or with reasonable administrative efforts  it shall be entitled to decide on a cash settlement for such Participants.k. The Programme shall comprise a maximum of 40 000 Performance Shares in Boliden.l. The number of Performance Shares shall be subject to recalculation to take into account any intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues  dividend exceeding 15 per cent of the Group's equity for a given financial year and/or other similar corporate events.Costs of the Programme  etc.The costs for the Programme  which are recognised in the income statement  are calculated in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2 and are accrued over the Vesting Period. The calculation has been carried out based on the quoted closing price for shares in Boliden as of 15 February 2023  i.e. SEK 437.4 per share  and with the following assumptions: (i) an annual dividend yield of approximately 5 per cent  (ii) an annual employee turnover of approximately 7 per cent  (iii) fulfilment of the TSR Condition of 100 per cent and fulfilment of the Sustainability Condition  (iv) all 17 Participants invest the maximum amount in the Programme  (v) all remaining Participants are entitled to allotment of the maximum number of Performance Shares in the Programme  (vi) a tax rate for social security contributions of 28 per cent  and (vii) a total maximum of 40 000 Performance Shares available for allotment.Based on the above assumptions  the total costs for the Programme under IFRS 2 are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 9 million  excluding social security contributions. Assuming an annual share price increase of 15 per cent during the term of the Programme  the costs for social security contributions are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 7 million. Assuming instead an annual share price increase of 30 per cent during the duration of the Programme  the costs for social security contributions are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 10 million.Based on the above assumptions (and an annual share price increase of 15 per cent for calculation of the social security contributions)  the yearly costs are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 5.3 million  including social security contributions. This corresponds to approximately 0.1 per cent of the Boliden Group's total personnel costs for the financial year 2022.DilutionThe allotment of repurchased shares to fulfil the obligations under the Programme would result in the following dilution effects (under the assumptions stated below). At the maximum allotment of Performance Shares  the number of shares to be allotted free of charge in the Programme amounts to 40 000 shares in Boliden  which corresponds to approximately 0.01 per cent of the shares and votes (calculated based on the number of outstanding shares in Boliden as of 15 February 2023). The effects on key ratios and earnings per share are thus marginal.Hedging arrangementsIn order to be able to implement the Programme in a cost-efficient and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered different methods for delivery of Performance Shares. The Board of Directors has thereby found the most cost-efficient alternative to be  and therefore proposes that the Annual General Meeting as a main alternative resolves on  repurchase and transfer of treasury shares. The Company currently holds no treasury shares. The detailed terms and conditions for the Board of Directors' main alternative are set out in section 22.b.i below.Should the required majority for item 22.b.i below not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that Boliden shall be able to enter into equity swap agreements with third parties in accordance with item 22.b.ii below.Preparation of the proposalThe proposed Programme has  according to guidelines issued by Boliden's Board of Directors  been prepared by Boliden's Remuneration Committee  with the assistance of external advisors. The Remuneration Committee has presented the work to the Board of Directors  after which the Board of Directors has decided to propose that the Programme is adopted at the Annual General Meeting 2023.22 ii) Hedging arrangements in respect of the Programmea. Decisions on acquisitions and transfers of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting (a) authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions of treasury shares on Nasdaq Stockholm and (b) resolve that treasury shares may be transferred to the Participants in the Programme.a) The acquisition of treasury shares is subject to the following terms:i. Purchases of treasury shares may only be made on Nasdaq Stockholm.ii. A maximum of 40 000 shares may be acquired to ensure delivery of shares to Participants.iii. Acquisitions of shares in Boliden on Nasdaq Stockholm may only be made at a price within the price interval applicable from time to time on Nasdaq Stockholm  i.e. the interval between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price on Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.iv. The authorisation may be exercised on one or more occasions until the Annual General Meeting in 2024.b) The transfer of Boliden's treasury shares to the Participants may take place under the following terms:i. A maximum of 40 000 shares in Boliden may be transferred free of charge to the Participants.ii. The right to acquire shares in Boliden free of charge shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to the Participants  with a right for each Participant to acquire a maximum number of shares in accordance with the terms of the Programme. Furthermore  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  subsidiaries of Boliden shall be entitled to acquire shares in Boliden free of charge  whereby such company shall be obliged to  according to the terms of the Programme  immediately transfer the shares to the Participants.iii. Transfers of shares in Boliden shall be made free of charge at the time and on the other terms and conditions that the Participants are entitled to be allocated shares.iv. The number of shares in Boliden that may be transferred under the Programme shall be subject to recalculation to take into account any intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues  dividend exceeding 15 per cent of the Group's equity for a given financial year and/or other similar corporate events.The transfer of own shares is part of the proposed Programme and the Board of Directors considers it to be beneficial to Boliden and the shareholders that Participants in the Programme are offered the opportunity to become shareholders under the terms of the Programme.b. Equity swap agreement with a third partyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting  in the event that the required majority for item 22.b.i above cannot be reached  resolve to hedge the financial exposure that the Programme is expected to entail by enabling Boliden to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party undertakes  in its own name and in exchange for a fee  to acquire and transfer shares in Boliden to the Participants in accordance with the terms of the Programme.Majority requirements  etc.The Annual General Meeting's resolution to implement the Programme in accordance with item 22.a. above is conditional upon the Annual General Meeting resolving either in accordance with the proposal under item 22.b.i or the proposal under item 22.b.ii.The Annual General Meeting's resolution under item 22.a above requires a simple majority of the votes cast. A valid resolution under item 22.b.i above requires that shareholders representing not less than nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the resolution. A valid resolution under item 22.b.ii above requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to Group Management (item 23)The Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for remuneration to the company's Group Management. While the Board of Directors proposes some adjustments  the proposal is essentially in accordance with the guidelines adopted by the Annual General Meeting in previous years.These guidelines apply to the President and other members of Group Management. The guidelines set out the principles applied by the company with regard to their remuneration.The guidelines' promotion of the company's strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityInformation regarding the company's strategy can be found in the annual report. In order to successfully implement the strategy and safeguard the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  the company must be able to recruit and retain qualified employees. To do so  the company must be able to offer competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable a competitive remuneration package to be offered to Group Management.Forms of remuneration  etc.The total remuneration shall be on market terms and shall comprise fixed salary  variable cash compensation  pension benefits and other benefits.In addition  members of the Group Management may be offered long-term share-related incentive programmes. Any such programme is decided by the general meeting and is therefore not covered by these guidelines. The Board of Directors evaluates annually whether a share-related incentive programme should be proposed to the General Meeting. Any long-term share-related incentive programme shall have a clear link to the business strategy and be designed with the aim of aligning the interests of the shareholders and the participants for long-term value creation.(i) Fixed salaryThe fixed salary shall be determined on the basis of factors including competence  responsibilities  experience and performance. The Group uses an internationally recognised evaluation system to determine the scope and level of responsibility of executive positions. Comparisons are made with similar companies. Such evaluation is performed annually by the Remuneration Committee and forms the basis for its decisions and the proposed fixed salary for the President that the Committee submits to the Board of Directors for approval.(ii) Variable cash compensationThe variable cash compensation shall not exceed 60 per cent of the fixed salary and shall be linked to predefined  measurable criteria  which may be financial or non-financial. Some of the criteria may consist of quantitative or qualitative goals that are specific to the individual. The criteria shall be designed in such a way as to promote the company's strategy and long-term interests. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility  subject to the limitations that may result from by law or agreement  to demand repayment of variable cash compensation paid on erroneous grounds (claw back).Once the annual accounts have been approved by the Board of Directors  an assessment is made of the extent to which the criteria have been met. The Board of Directors is responsible  following the preparatory work of the Remuneration Committee  for such assessment in respect of variable cash compensation to the President. The President is responsible for the assessment in respect of other executives.(iii) Pension benefitsThe pension benefits for the President and other members of the Group Management shall be defined contribution. The variable cash compensation shall not be included in the basis for calculation of pension. Pension contributions shall not exceed 35 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other members of the Group Management  the defined contribution solution does not include costs for ITP's base plan (Sw. ITPS bottenplatta)  ITPK  part-time pension and supplementary health insurance.(iv) Other benefitsOther benefits may include health insurance and company car benefit. Premiums and other costs related to such benefits may not in total exceed 15 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Mandatory legal and collective agreement provisionsNothing in these guidelines shall restrict mandatory legislation or collective agreement provisions  where these are applicable.Termination of employmentA notice period of six months applies to termination of employment by a member of Group Management. On termination of employment by the company  the total remuneration during the notice period and severance compensation  if any  shall not exceed 18 months' fixed salary.Salary and terms of employment for employeesIn the preparation of the Board's proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salary and terms of employment of the company's employees shall be taken into account by information concerning the total remuneration of employees  the components of the remuneration and the increase and rate of increase in remuneration over time having been part of the decision-making basis for the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors in evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and the limitations arising from them.The decision-making process for establishing  evaluating and implementing the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The Committee's tasks include preparing the Board's resolution on the proposed guidelines for remuneration to Group Management. The Board of Directors shall draw up proposals for new guidelines at least every four years and submit these proposals for resolution at the Annual General Meeting. The guidelines shall apply until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting.The Remuneration Committee submits proposals to the Board of Directors regarding remuneration  etc. to the President. Furthermore  the Remuneration Committee prepares principles for remuneration to the Group Management and approves  on proposal from the President  remuneration  etc. to the Group Management.The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate variable compensation schemes for Group Management  the application of remuneration guidelines for Group Management and current remuneration structures and levels of remuneration within the company.The President and other members of Group Management shall not be in attendance during the Board of Directors' consideration and decisions on matters relating to their remuneration.Departure from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may decide to depart temporarily from the guidelines  in whole or in part  where there are particular reasons for doing so in an individual case and where such departure is necessary in order to safeguard the long-term interests of the company  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability.Significant changes to the guidelines and how shareholders' views have been taken into accountThe Board of Director's proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2023 does not entail any significant changes in relation to the guidelines adopted in 2020. However  some adjustments have been made in order to reflect that member of the Group Management can be offered long-term share-related incentive programmes decided by the General Meeting. The design of variable cash remuneration from 2023 is no longer linked to the individual investing in additional shares in the company for part of the variable cash remuneration.At the 2022 Annual General Meeting  no comments were made by shareholders regarding the guidelines. The company has thus not had to consider any comments during the year.Shares and VotesThe company's share capital amounts to SEK 578 914 338 distributed among 273 511 169 shares and votes. The company holds no own shares.Further InformationInformation regarding all the proposed Board members of Boliden AB and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement are available on the company's website www.boliden.com.The annual report and the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on compliance with the guidelines for remuneration  etc. for the Group Management  the auditor's statements in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's motivated statements in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 20  Section 8  Chapter 19  Section 22 and Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board's remuneration report  are available on www.boliden.com and at the company's head office  Klarabergsviadukten 90 in Stockholm  Sweden  as of Tuesday  April 4  2023. The documents may also be ordered from the company.Shareholders' right to informationThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board deems that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may influence the assessment of either an item on the agenda  or the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation or the company's relation to another group company. Those who wish to pose questions in advance may submit these to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to: arsstamma@boliden.com.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.For further information please contact:Klas Nilsson  Director Group Communications  tel: +46 (0)70-453 65 88  klas.nilsson@boliden.com1 Shares that the Participants have acquired within the framework of Boliden's remuneration programme for short-term cash variable remuneration and that have been held for less than three years cannot be allocated as Investment Shares in the Programme.2 The calculation of the TSR is made as follows. Volume-weighted average share prices during a period of 20 trading days after Boliden's publication of the year-end report for the financial year 2022 are compared with volume-weighted average share prices during a period of 20 trading days after Boliden's publication of the year-end report for the financial year 2025  with the addition of dividends and other returns. Upon implementation of the Programme  the peer group consists of the following companies: Antofagasta  Aurubis  Lundin Mining  First Quantum  Fresnillo  KGHM  Korea Zinc and TECK. The peer group may be adjusted as decided by the Board of Directors if the Board of Directors finds it appropriate.3 Boliden aims to have 40 per cent lower absolute carbon dioxide emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 according to the Green-house Gas Protocol) in 2030 compared to the base year 2021. The emission target for 2030 is expected to be validated by the Science Based Target Initiative (""SBTi"") during the second half of 2023. The validation process may lead to the Sustainability Condition being adjusted. However  any such adjustment must be approved by the Board of Directors and will be communicated by Boliden.Boliden is a metals company with a focus on sustainable development. Our roots are Nordic  our market global. Our core competence lies within the fields of exploration  mining  smelting and metal recycling. Boliden has around 6 000 employees and annual sales of approximately SEK 85 billion. The share is listed in the Large Cap segment on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/997/3737766/1930550.pdf Press releaseCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab-publ-301777150.htmlSOURCE Boliden",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.37,0.25,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Boliden AB', 'Invitation', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Such electronic votes', 'nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'meeting facilities', 'company registration number', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'Boliden AB', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'other documents', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Advance Voting', 'Nominee Shares', 'other nominee', 'record date', 'issue date', 'Such shareholder', 'telephone number', 'legal person', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Garpenberg', 'exhibition', '10 a', 'CEST', 'Lunch', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'information', 'Participation', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Monday', 'notice', 'website', 'mail', 'Stockholm', 'name', 'identification', 'address', 'Wednesday', 'Story', 'purpose', 'notification', 'attendance', 'item', 'bank', 'order', 'request', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'power', 'attorney', 'maximum', 'certificate', 'authority', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'AGM', 'verification', 'vpc', '12']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20862,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Blatnik_ @Miha84304756 Euroclear.,nan,@Blatnik_ @Miha84304756 Euroclear.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,[],2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20863,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Credit union leaders taking steps to keep clear of the bank crisis #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/z9XHxRX0I4 #regtech,nan,Credit union leaders taking steps to keep clear of the bank crisis #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/z9XHxRX0I4 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.61,0.38,neutral,0.02,0.61,0.38,True,English,"['Credit union leaders', 'bank crisis', 'steps', 'Credit union leaders', 'bank crisis', 'steps']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20864,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,No1's offering Hershey's choc bars in ATMs  SWIFT messages and Euroclear to buy/sell goods and services. The compar… https://t.co/guvHaeJpGz,nan,No1's offering Hershey's choc bars in ATMs  SWIFT messages and Euroclear to buy/sell goods and services. The compar… https://t.co/guvHaeJpGz,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['choc bars', 'SWIFT messages', 'No1', 'Hershey', 'ATMs', 'Euroclear', 'goods', 'services', 'compar', 'choc bars', 'SWIFT messages', 'No1', 'Hershey', 'ATMs', 'Euroclear', 'goods', 'services', 'compar']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20865,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Are you looking to kick off your career in IT? Just 1 week left to discover you can do it at Euroclear! Register he… https://t.co/4XdabALhsw,nan,Are you looking to kick off your career in IT? Just 1 week left to discover you can do it at Euroclear! Register he… https://t.co/4XdabALhsw,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['career', 'IT', 'Euroclear', 'XdabALhsw', 'career', 'IT', 'Euroclear', 'XdabALhsw']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20866,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/eu-funds-sector-opposes-forced-101813775.html,Funds join opposition to forced shift in euro clearing from London to EU,LONDON (Reuters) -Forcing asset managers to shift clearing of their euro derivatives trades from London to the European Union would be anti-competitive  split markets and increase costs  Europe's investment funds industry body said on Tuesday.,"By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) -Forcing asset managers to shift clearing of their euro derivatives trades from London to the European Union would be anti-competitive  split markets and increase costs  Europe's investment funds industry body said on Tuesday.The EU's executive European Commission has proposed that asset managers and banks in the EU open an ""active account"" with an EU-based clearing house to shift some clearing from London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) and ICE to Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt to end heavy post-Brexit reliance on UK clearers.The European Fund and Asset Management Association (EFAMA)  whose members manage close to 30 trillion euros ($32 trillion) in assets  said the EU draft law undermines the objective of an efficient clearing market and stops free choice of clearers.""We are opposed to any forced relocation policy as this will have a negative impact from a cost perspective on end-investors "" EFAMA said in a statement.Brussels is allowing UK-based clearers to continue serving EU customers until the end of June 2025  though continued access is likely in some form after then.Jennifer Robertson  a head of unit in the Commission's financial services unit  told a QED conference on Tuesday that EU market participants would have to ""clear a portion  not all euro derivatives  in active accounts"".The measures proportionately address excessive risks to EU financial stability from heavy reliance on London for clearing  Robertson said.LSEG cleared 1.5 trillion euros in euro rate swaps on March 20.But Corinna Schempp  head of EU policy at FIA  a derivatives industry body  said active accounts won't increase the competitiveness of the EU as a place to do business.Julien Jardelot  head of European government relations at LSEG  whose London LCH unit dominates global euro rates swaps clearing  said the bulk of trades were from non-EU clients in any case.Erik Mueller  CEO of Deutsche Boerse's Eurex clearing arm in Frankfurt  added: ""I am not advocating for a world where we prevent access to my competitors.""Story continuesEU states and the European Parliament have joint say in approving the draft law.Danuta Huebner  a senior member of parliament  said her ambition is to ""have it done"" before parliament goes to the polls next year  a timetable industry officials said would be challenging.Brita Hammar of the EU's Swedish presidency  said points raised by EU states included the lack of a basic definition for what is excessive risk  and how relocation of clearing could affect competitiveness of EU market participants.($1 = 0.9314 euros)(Reporting by Huw JonesEditing by Mark Potter and Ken Ferris)",negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Funds', 'opposition', 'euro', 'London', 'investment funds industry body', 'global euro rates swaps', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'euro rate swaps', 'derivatives industry body', 'timetable industry officials', 'European government relations', 'Asset Management Association', 'financial services unit', 'The European Fund', 'EU market participants', 'EU financial stability', 'heavy post-Brexit reliance', 'EU-based clearing house', 'efficient clearing market', 'Eurex clearing arm', 'euro derivatives trades', 'executive European Commission', 'London LCH unit', 'EU draft law', 'heavy reliance', 'European Union', 'asset managers', 'EU customers', 'EU policy', 'EU states', 'Huw Jones', 'split markets', 'active account', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'free choice', 'negative impact', 'cost perspective', 'QED conference', 'excessive risks', 'Corinna Schempp', 'Julien Jardelot', 'Erik Mueller', 'joint say', 'Danuta Huebner', 'senior member', 'Brita Hammar', 'Swedish presidency', 'basic definition', 'Mark Potter', 'Ken Ferris', 'European Parliament', 'UK clearers', '30 trillion euros', 'UK-based clearers', '1.5 trillion euros', 'relocation policy', 'continued access', 'Jennifer Robertson', '0.9314 euros', 'Reuters', 'costs', 'Tuesday', 'banks', 'LSEG', 'Frankfurt', 'EFAMA', 'members', 'assets', 'objective', 'end-investors', 'statement', 'Brussels', 'June', 'form', 'head', 'portion', 'measures', 'March', 'FIA', 'competitiveness', 'place', 'business', 'bulk', 'case', 'CEO', 'world', 'competitors', 'Story', 'ambition', 'polls', 'points', 'lack']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,uk.news.yahoo.com
20867,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Always enjoy a visit to @TPGallery. Bieke Depoorter’s exhibition the standout from Deutsche Börse Photography Found… https://t.co/YLyybLK1f0,nan,Always enjoy a visit to @TPGallery. Bieke Depoorter’s exhibition the standout from Deutsche Börse Photography Found… https://t.co/YLyybLK1f0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography', 'Bieke Depoorter', 'visit', 'exhibition', 'standout', 'YLyybLK1f0', 'Deutsche Börse Photography', 'Bieke Depoorter', 'visit', 'exhibition', 'standout', 'YLyybLK1f0']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,Unknown
20868,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Deutsche Börse) has huge sculptures of a bull and bear outside to symbolise rising an… https://t.co/PTzinX0Xwr,nan,The Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Deutsche Börse) has huge sculptures of a bull and bear outside to symbolise rising an… https://t.co/PTzinX0Xwr,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'huge sculptures', 'bull', 'bear', 'rising', 'PTzinX0Xwr', 'The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'huge sculptures', 'bull', 'bear', 'rising', 'PTzinX0Xwr']",2023-03-19,2023-03-21,Unknown
20869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/galapagos-increases-share-capital-subscription-200100797.html,Galapagos increases share capital through subscription right exercises,Mechelen  Belgium; 20 March 2023  21.01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announces a share capital increase arising from...,Galapagos NVMechelen  Belgium; 20 March 2023  21.01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announces a share capital increase arising from subscription right exercises.Galapagos issued 61 560 new ordinary shares on 20 March 2023  for a total capital increase (including issuance premium) of EUR 1 769 850.00.In accordance with Belgian transparency legislation1  Galapagos also wishes to note that its total share capital currently amounts to EUR 356 444 938.61  the total number of securities conferring voting rights amounts to 65 897 071  which is also the total number of voting rights (the denominator)  and all securities conferring voting rights and all voting rights are of the same category. The total number of rights (formerly known as ‘warrants’) to subscribe to not yet issued securities conferring voting rights is (i) 10 731 149 subscription rights under several outstanding personnel subscription right plans  which equals 10 731 149 voting rights that may result from the exercise of those subscription rights  and (ii) 1 subscription right issued to Gilead Therapeutics to subscribe for a maximum number of shares that is sufficient to bring the shareholding of Gilead (and its affiliated companies) to 29.9% of the actually issued and outstanding shares after the exercise of such subscription right. Galapagos does not have any convertible bonds or shares without voting rights outstanding.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to commercialized programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.Story continuesContactsMedia relations Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel +32 479 490 603 +1 781 296 1143 Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs +41 79 853 33 54 +32 495 58 46 63 ir@glpg.com Hélène de Kruijs +31 6 22463921 media@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  unless specifically required by law or regulation.1 Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market (as amended from time to time).,neutral,0.25,0.75,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.3,0.3,True,English,"['subscription right exercises', 'share capital', 'Galapagos', 'Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel', 'several outstanding personnel subscription right plans', 'Hélène de Kruijs', 'Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'subscription right exercises', 'share capital increase', 'integrated biotechnology company', 'high unmet needs', 'R&D capabilities', 'multiple drug modalities', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'total capital increase', 'total share capital', '61,560 new ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Media relations', '1 subscription right', 'outstanding shares', '10,731,149 subscription rights', '1 Belgian Act', 'total number', 'regulated information', 'issuance premium', 'same category', 'maximum number', 'affiliated companies', 'convertible bonds', 'innovative medicines', 'patients’ lives', 'small molecules', 'cell therapies', 'other indications', 'first medicine', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'additional information', 'future results', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'voting rights', 'Gilead Therapeutics', 'Galapagos NV', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '20 March', '21.01 CET', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'accordance', 'securities', 'denominator', 'warrants', 'diseases', 'portfolio', 'discovery', 'programs', 'immunology', 'oncology', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'release', 'guarantees', 'date', 'publication', 'document', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'time']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fagron-publishes-annual-report-2022-070000512.html,Fagron publishes annual report 2022,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 8:00 AM CET Fagron publishes annual report 2022 Fagron  the leading...,Fagron NVRegulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 8:00 AM CETFagron publishes annual report 2022Fagron  the leading global player in pharmaceutical compounding  today publishes its annual report 2022. Discussion of the annual report and the approval of the financial statements will be put on the agenda of the annual general meeting of shareholders early May.The annual report is available in the official Dutch version and in English translation on Fagron’s website.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Fagron publishes annual report 2022,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['annual report', 'Fagron', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'leading global player', 'leading global company', 'official Dutch version', 'annual general meeting', 'Dutch company', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch original', 'annual report', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'financial statements', 'English translation', 'Further information', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Karen Berg', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '20 March', 'Discussion', 'approval', 'agenda', 'shareholders', 'website', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'link', '8:00', '31']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-u-163000077.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2022 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for...,LONDON  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2022 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-us-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-301776336.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'U.S. tax rules', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', '15 April tax return deadline', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'U.S. persons', 'Investor Relations department', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'U.K', 'investment manager', '2022 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'confidential information', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Cision', 'tax-reporting-information']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/disclosure-notification-received-fmr-llc-173000410.html,Disclosure of notification received from FMR LLC,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 6:30 PM CET Disclosure of notification received from FMR LLC Fagron...,Fagron NVRegulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 6:30 PM CETDisclosure of notification received from FMR LLCFagron received a notification pursuant to the Belgian law of 2 May 2007 regarding the disclosure of major shareholdings in listed companies from FMR LLC.Notification of FMR LLCOn 16 March 2023  Fagron received a notification that the shareholding of FMR LLC crossed the disclosure threshold of 5% on 15 March 2023 as the result of the disposal of voting securities or voting rights.The notification is made by a ‘parent undertaking or a controlling person’.On 15 March 2023  FMR LLC held a total of 3 639 823 voting rights. 1 738 406 voting rights are held by Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  770 002 voting rights are held by Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company  605 186 voting rights are held by FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited  and 526 229 voting rights are held by FIAM LLC.Based on the denominator of 72 992  654 (total number of voting rights)  FMR LLC held 4.99% of the total number of voting rights on 15 March 2023.Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held is as follows: Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company and FIAM LLC are controlled by FIAM Holdings LLC  FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited is controlled by Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  FIAM Holdings LLC and Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC are controlled by FMR LLC. FMR LLC is not a controlled entity.The holdings attributed to the entities mentioned above arise from holdings of various undertakings for collective investment that are managed by FIAM LLC  Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company  Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  and FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited each of which are entities that are subsidiaries of and controlled by FMR LLC. These entities are the discretionary investment managers and exercise the voting rights at their discretion in the absence of specific instructions.The notification of FMR LLC can be viewed via this link.Story continuesFurther informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Disclosure of notification received from FMR LLC,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.52,0.23,0.24,True,English,"['FMR LLC', 'Disclosure', 'notification', 'Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'leading global company', 'Research Company LLC', 'discretionary investment managers', 'FMR Investment Management', 'Fidelity Management', 'FIAM Holdings LLC', 'FMR LLC Fagron', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'collective investment', 'FIAM LLC', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'Belgian law', 'major shareholdings', 'voting securities', 'voting rights', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'various undertakings', 'specific instructions', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'total number', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'disclosure threshold', 'Karen Berg', 'UK) Limited', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '20 March', 'notification', '2 May', 'companies', '16 March', '15 March', 'result', 'disposal', 'denominator', 'entities', 'subsidiaries', 'absence', 'link', 'Story', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', '6:30', '31']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000740.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 13 March 2023 33 617 75.3343 2 532 513.16 14 March 2023 35 654 75.3015 2 684 799.68 15 March 2023 36 268 72.8816 2 643 269.87 16 March 2023 39 046 73.2085 2 858 499.09 17 March 2023 40 021 73.3680 2 936 260.73 TOTAL 184 606 13 655 342.53After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €246.3 million for a total amount of 3 546 075 ordinary shares purchased.As of 17 March 2023  and following the effectuation of the cancellation of 7 007 464 ordinary shares as announced on 22 December 2022  the Company held in total 7 326 709 ordinary shares in treasury (3.13% of total ordinary issued share capital)1.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.1 This corresponds to 1.00% of the total issued share capital including both ordinary shares and special voting shares.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'special voting shares', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'ordinary shares', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Trading Date', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'Number', 'fees', '13 March', '14 March', '16 March', 'purchases', '17 March', 'effectuation', 'cancellation', '22 December', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-182300361.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – March 20  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – March 20  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from March 13 to March 17  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-03-14 BUY 72 8.560000 616.32 XAMS 2023-03-15 BUY 367 8.516349 3 125.50 XAMS 2023-03-17 SELL 150 8.580000 1 287.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'FL Entertainment Press Release', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'March', 'shares', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630495/0/fr/Quadient-Invitation-to-the-FY-2022-Results-conference-call.html,Quadient: Invitation to the FY 2022 Results conference call,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) will release its 2022 full-year results on Monday  27th March 2023 after the close of trading on the Euronext Paris stock exchange.,English FrenchQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) will release its 2022 full-year results on Monday  27th March 2023 after the close of trading on the Euronext Paris stock exchange.Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer  and Laurent du Passage  Chief Financial Officer  will host a live webcast and conference call to discuss the Group’s performance at 6:00pm CET (5:00pm GMT) on the same day. The presentation will be conducted in English and will be followed by a Q&A session.Monday   2 7 th March 202 36: 00 p m ( CET )  5:00 p m ( GMT )CONFERENCE CALLPlease connect 10 minutes before the start of the live event by using the following dial-in numbers:France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66;United States: +1 786 697 3501;United Kingdom (Standard International Access): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200.Password: QUADIENTWEBCASTThe live webcast and the presentation slides will be accessible online on the Group’s Investor Relations website (https://invest.quadient.com/en-US) and through the following link:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/quadienten/20230327_1/REPLAYA replay of the webcast will also be available on the Group’s Investor Relations website for 12 months.Pièce jointe,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.67,0.29,0.04,True,English,"['FY 2022 Results conference call', 'Quadient', 'Invitation', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Laurent du Passage', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Q&A session', 'Standard International Access', 'Investor Relations website', 'Pièce jointe', '2022 full-year results', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'conference call', 'same day', 'live event', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'channel.royalcast', 'English French', 'live webcast', 'presentation slides', 'following link', 'Quadient', 'QDT', 'Monday', 'March', 'close', 'trading', 'Group', 'performance', '6:00pm', '5:00pm', 'CET', 'GMT', 'start', 'numbers', 'France', 'Password', 'REPLAY', '12 months', '44']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630495/0/en/Quadient-Invitation-to-the-FY-2022-Results-conference-call.html,Quadient: Invitation to the FY 2022 Results conference call,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) will release its 2022 full-year results on Monday  27th March 2023 after the close of trading on the Euronext Paris stock exchange.,English FrenchQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) will release its 2022 full-year results on Monday  27th March 2023 after the close of trading on the Euronext Paris stock exchange.Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer  and Laurent du Passage  Chief Financial Officer  will host a live webcast and conference call to discuss the Group’s performance at 6:00pm CET (5:00pm GMT) on the same day. The presentation will be conducted in English and will be followed by a Q&A session.Monday   2 7 th March 202 36: 00 p m ( CET )  5:00 p m ( GMT )CONFERENCE CALLPlease connect 10 minutes before the start of the live event by using the following dial-in numbers:France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66;United States: +1 786 697 3501;United Kingdom (Standard International Access): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200.Password: QUADIENTWEBCASTThe live webcast and the presentation slides will be accessible online on the Group’s Investor Relations website (https://invest.quadient.com/en-US) and through the following link:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/quadienten/20230327_1/REPLAYA replay of the webcast will also be available on the Group’s Investor Relations website for 12 months.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.67,0.29,0.04,True,English,"['FY 2022 Results conference call', 'Quadient', 'Invitation', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Laurent du Passage', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Q&A session', 'Standard International Access', 'Investor Relations website', '2022 full-year results', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'conference call', 'same day', 'live event', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'channel.royalcast', 'English French', 'live webcast', 'presentation slides', 'following link', 'Quadient', 'QDT', 'Monday', 'March', 'close', 'trading', 'Group', 'performance', '6:00pm', '5:00pm', 'CET', 'GMT', 'start', 'numbers', 'France', 'Password', 'REPLAY', '12 months', 'Attachment', '44']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630703/0/en/Euronext-joins-the-CAC-SBT-1-5-Index.html,Euronext joins the CAC SBT 1.5° Index,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45  Lisbon...,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext joins the CAC SBT 1.5° IndexInclusion of Euronext demonstrates progress on its climate commitment following the validation of its SBTi targetsAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 20 March 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  is proud to announce today its inclusion into the CAC SBT 1.5° Index following the quarterly review of the index.The CAC SBT 1.5°  launched earlier this year1  solely comprises companies within the SBF 120 Index that have emission reduction targets approved to be in line with the 1.5° goal of the Paris Agreement.The integration in the index follows the validation of Euronext’s climate targets by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and testifies Euronext’s commitment to significantly reduce its emissions across its entire value chain  as part of its “Fit for 1.5°” commitment  a key pillar of “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan.In February 2023  Euronext announced the validation by SBTi of its emission reduction targets:By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020;By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019;By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  commented:“The inclusion of Euronext into the CAC SBT 1.5° today demonstrates once again our commitment to taking climate action  with clear and measurable targets. Following our Fit for 1.5° commitment announced in November 2021  we have made significant steps  the key one being the validation by SBTi of our ambitious climate targets last February. We are proud to join the companies included in the CAC SBT 1.5° index  that helps investors direct their investment towards sustainable and committed projects.“CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services) +33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.1 For more information on the index  please see: https://www.euronext.com/en/about/media/euronext-press-releases/euronext-launches-cac-sbt-15deg-indexAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.11,0.64,True,English,"['CAC SBT 1.5° Index', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', '2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions', 'entire value chain', 'Impact 2024” strategic plan', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', '3 business travel emissions', 'emission reduction targets', 'Science-Based Targets initiative', 'main regulated market', 'The CAC SBT', 'CAC SBT 1.5° Index', 'ambitious climate targets', 'market capitalisation', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'The Group', 'measurable targets', 'derivatives markets', 'climate action', 'SBF 120 Index', 'quarterly review', 'Managing Board', 'significant steps', 'committed projects', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'regulated exchanges', 'end December', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'reasonable care', 'financial pr', 'Euronext Clearing', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'SBTi targets', 'key pillar', 'investment activities', 'climate commitment', 'information purposes', 'Euronext suppliers', 'Paris Agreement', 'Corporate Services', 'sustainable growth', '2 emissions', '1.5°” commitment', '1.5° commitment', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Inclusion', 'progress', 'validation', '20 March', 'companies', 'line', '1.5° goal', 'integration', 'Fit', 'February', 'goods', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'November', 'investors', 'ANALYSTS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'running', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'right', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', '70']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-change-board-composition-appointment-165800525.html,BIC: Change in Board Composition - Appointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnica as independent director,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Change in Board CompositionAppointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnicaas independent director Clichy  France – March 20th  2023 - ...,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEChange in Board CompositionAppointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnicaas independent directorClichy  France – March 20th  2023 - Ahead of the next Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16  2023  and following the resignation of Elizabeth Bastoni from her position as independent director  the Board of Directors of Société BIC held on March 17  2023  unanimously decided to propose the appointment of Carole Callebaut Piwnica as independent director  on the recommendation of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee.Carole Callebaut Piwnica  a citizen of Belgium  is 65 years old. She holds a law degree from the University of Brussels and a Master of Laws degree from New York University. She was a member of the New York and Paris bars. She began her career in New York at Proskauer Rose and joined the M&A department of Shearman & Sterling in Paris. She worked for 15 years in the agri-food processing industry and served as Chairman of the Amylum Group (Belgium  ingredients) and as director and vice-chairman of Tate and Lyle (UK  sugar and ingredients). She has also been an independent director of several international listed companies including Sanofi (France  pharmaceuticals)  Eutelsat (France  satellites)  Dairy Crest (UK  milk and cheese)  and Aviva (UK  insurance). In 2006  she founded the private equity fund Naxos Capital Partners (Luxembourg)  of which she was Managing Partner and was a director of its portfolio companies  including Big Red (US  soft drinks) and Amyris (US  ingredients and beauty). She is currently an independent director on the Supervisory Board of Rothschild & Co.Subject to the vote of the Shareholders' Meeting on May 16  2023  the Board of Directors has also recommended that Carole Callebaut Piwnica be appointed as Chair of the Remuneration Committee as well as a member of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee.Subject to the same conditions  Candace Matthews would be appointed Chair of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee  in addition to her current position as member of the Audit Committee.Story continuesNikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board  said ""I am delighted that the Board has decided to propose the appointment of Carole Callebaut Piwnica. Her M&A expertise  as well as her multiple experiences as a director of international companies and her membership of several Remuneration committees  will be valuable assets for Société BIC's Board of Directors”.***ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaInvestor Relations Senior Managermichele.ventura@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.22,0.04,True,English,"['Carole Callebaut Piwnica', 'Board Composition', 'Appointment proposal', 'independent director', 'BIC', 'Change', 'Michèle Ventura Investor Relations Senior Manager', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'several international listed companies', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'Carole Callebaut Piwnica', 'M&A department', 'agri-food processing industry', 'private equity fund', 'Naxos Capital Partners', 'M&A expertise', 'several Remuneration committees', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Société BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'New York University', 'international companies', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'BIC products', 'portfolio companies', '1st Quarter', 'Societe BIC', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'CSR Committee', 'law degree', 'Laws degree', 'Proskauer Rose', 'Amylum Group', 'Dairy Crest', 'Managing Partner', 'Big Red', 'soft drinks', 'same conditions', 'Candace Matthews', 'Audit Committee', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'multiple experiences', 'valuable assets', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'sustainable development', 'bic.com', 'Isabelle de', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'Paris bars', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent director', 'current position', 'world leader', 'Appointment proposal', 'Board Composition', 'Supervisory Board', 'Change', 'Clichy', 'France', 'March', 'May', 'resignation', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'Nominations', 'Governance', 'citizen', 'Belgium', 'Brussels', 'Master', 'member', 'career', 'Shearman', 'Sterling', '15 years', 'Chairman', 'ingredients', 'Tate', 'Lyle', 'UK', 'sugar', 'Sanofi', 'pharmaceuticals', 'Eutelsat', 'satellites', 'milk', 'cheese', 'Aviva', 'insurance', 'Luxembourg', 'Amyris', 'beauty', 'Rothschild', 'vote', 'addition', 'Story', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Segonzac', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', '9 Months', 'October', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000535.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 20 March 2023  delivered 27 890 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €52.56). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 181 232. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0161%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301776494.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.24,0.41,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '27,890 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '20 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EL-EN-S-P-A-27753855/news/EL-En-S-p-A-Company-Presentation-Euronext-Star-Conference-March-22-23-2023-43293768/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,EL En S p A : Company Presentation - Euronext Star Conference March  22-23 2023,(marketscreener.com)    COMPANY PRESENTATION   EURONEXT STAR CONFERENCE 2023   March 22nd - 23rd   2023     1       DISCLAIMER   Certain statements in this slide show  including those...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EL-EN-…,DISCLAIMERCertain statements in this slide show  including those addressing the Company's beliefs  plans  objectives  estimates or expectations of possible future results or events  are forward-looking statements. Forward- looking statements involve known or unknown risks  including general economic and business conditions  and conditions in the industry we operate and may be affected should our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results  performance  or achievements may vary materially from those expressed or implied by such forward- looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation about the contents nor to update the forward- looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date hereof.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.17,0.5,True,English,"['Euronext Star Conference', 'Company Presentation', 'EL', 'possible future results', 'actual future results', 'Forward- looking statements', 'slide show', 'unknown risks', 'general economic', 'business conditions', 'The Company', 'DISCLAIMER', 'beliefs', 'plans', 'objectives', 'estimates', 'expectations', 'events', 'industry', 'assumptions', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'contents', 'circumstances', 'date']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/8b21f896f991557d,People Moves Monday: Trading positions,Euronext promoted Massimo Giorgini to the role of head of Italy  equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales. Giorgini was promoted to the role after serving at Euronext for the last two years  initially joining as head of equity and derivativ…,Euronext promoted Massimo Giorgini to the role of head of Italy  equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales. Giorgini was promoted to the role after serving at Euronext for the last two years  initially joining as head of equity and derivatives markets business development. Before joining Euronext  Giorgini spent 13 years at the London Stock Exchange Group …This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2023-03-20.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Trading positions', 'People', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'derivatives markets business development', 'last two years', 'buy-side sales', 'Massimo Giorgini', '13 years', 'Euronext', 'role', 'head', 'Italy', 'equity', 'products', 'story']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,biztoc.com
20882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630809/0/en/Galapagos-increases-share-capital-through-subscription-right-exercises.html,Galapagos increases share capital through subscription right exercises,Mechelen  Belgium; 20 March 2023  21.01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announces a share capital increase arising from subscription right exercises.,English DutchMechelen  Belgium; 20 March 2023  21.01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announces a share capital increase arising from subscription right exercises.Galapagos issued 61 560 new ordinary shares on 20 March 2023  for a total capital increase (including issuance premium) of EUR 1 769 850.00.In accordance with Belgian transparency legislation1  Galapagos also wishes to note that its total share capital currently amounts to EUR 356 444 938.61  the total number of securities conferring voting rights amounts to 65 897 071  which is also the total number of voting rights (the denominator)  and all securities conferring voting rights and all voting rights are of the same category. The total number of rights (formerly known as ‘warrants’) to subscribe to not yet issued securities conferring voting rights is (i) 10 731 149 subscription rights under several outstanding personnel subscription right plans  which equals 10 731 149 voting rights that may result from the exercise of those subscription rights  and (ii) 1 subscription right issued to Gilead Therapeutics to subscribe for a maximum number of shares that is sufficient to bring the shareholding of Gilead (and its affiliated companies) to 29.9% of the actually issued and outstanding shares after the exercise of such subscription right. Galapagos does not have any convertible bonds or shares without voting rights outstanding.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to commercialized programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel +32 479 490 603 +1 781 296 1143 Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs +41 79 853 33 54 +32 495 58 46 63 ir@glpg.com Hélène de Kruijs +31 6 22463921 media@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  unless specifically required by law or regulation.1 Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market (as amended from time to time).,neutral,0.25,0.75,0.0,positive,0.61,0.28,0.11,True,English,"['subscription right exercises', 'share capital', 'Galapagos', 'Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel', 'several outstanding personnel subscription right plans', 'Hélène de Kruijs', 'Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'subscription right exercises', 'share capital increase', 'integrated biotechnology company', 'high unmet needs', 'R&D capabilities', 'multiple drug modalities', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'total capital increase', 'total share capital', '61,560 new ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Media relations', '1 subscription right', 'outstanding shares', '10,731,149 subscription rights', '1 Belgian Act', 'total number', 'English Dutch', 'regulated information', 'issuance premium', 'same category', 'maximum number', 'affiliated companies', 'convertible bonds', 'innovative medicines', 'patients’ lives', 'small molecules', 'cell therapies', 'other indications', 'first medicine', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'additional information', 'future results', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'voting rights', 'Gilead Therapeutics', 'Galapagos NV', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '20 March', '21.01 CET', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'accordance', 'securities', 'denominator', 'warrants', 'diseases', 'portfolio', 'discovery', 'programs', 'immunology', 'oncology', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'release', 'guarantees', 'date', 'publication', 'document', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'time']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-161700162.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(Italy)  March 20  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share...,Ferrari N.V.(Italy)  March 20  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 13/03/2023 4 550 243.2824 1 106 934.92 5 722 260.7008 1 491 729.98 1 393 358.84 10 272 243.4087 2 500 293.76 14/03/2023 4 555 243.1775 1 107 673.51 5 459 262.1779 1 431 229.16 1 332 987.94 10 014 243.7249 2 440 661.45 15/03/2023 4 575 242.0282 1 107 279.02 6 283 255.5398 1 605 556.56 1 521 998.83 10 858 242.1512 2 629 277.85 16/03/2023 4 530 244.3575 1 106 939.48 - - - - 4 530 244.3575 1 106 939.48 17/03/2023 4 500 246.3671 1 108 651.95 5 131 258.9369 1 328 605.23 1 250 687.41 9 631 244.9735 2 359 339.36 22 710 243.8344 5 537 478.88 22 595 259.2220 5 857 120.93 5 499 033.02 45 305 243.6047 11 036 511.90 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till March 17  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Story continuesEuro 84 705 847.64 for No. 374 358 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 22 150 535.52 (Euro 20 868 549.48*) for No. 91 310 common shares purchased on the NYSE.On March 15  2023  in the Ferrari Group employees’ granting share process  the Company assigned No. 80 305 common shares held in treasury. On the same day Ferrari purchased  in a “cross order” transaction executed on the EXM  No. 34 671 common shares in order to cover individual's taxable income as standard practice (Sell to Cover) at the average price of Euro 243.6708 per share.As of March 17  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 247 663 common shares equal to 4.77% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until March 17  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 274 076 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 264 748 387.14.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs )._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Questo messaggio è da intendersi esclusivamente ad uso del destinatario e può contenere informazioni che sono di natura privilegiata  confidenziale o non divulgabile secondo le leggi vigenti. Se il lettore del presente messaggio non è il destinatario designato  o il dipendente/agente responsabile per la consegna del messaggio al destinatario designato  si informa che ogni disseminazione  distribuzione o copiatura di questa comunicazione è vietata anche ai sensi della normativa vigente in materia di protezione dei dati personali. Se avete ricevuto questo messaggio per errore  vi preghiamo di notificarcelo immediatamente a mezzo e-mail di risposta e successivamente di procedere alla cancellazione di questa e-mail e relativi allegati dal vostro sistema._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________This message is intended only for the use of the addressee and may contain information that is privileged  confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient  or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient  you are hereby notified that any dissemination  distribution or copying of this communication is prohibited under the applicable data protection law. If you have received this e-mail by mistake  please notify us immediately by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and all attachments from your system._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.18,0.68,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Ferrari Group employees’ granting share process', 'Euro 200 million share buyback program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'applicable data protection law', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'special voting shares', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'cross order” transaction', 'additional common shares', 'applicable law', 'No. 91,310 common shares', 'share capital', 'same day', '358 common shares', '80,305 common shares', '34,671 common shares', '247,663 common shares', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'taxable income', 'standard practice', 'comprehensive overview', 'dati personali', 'relativi allegati', 'intended recipient', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'presente messaggio', 'treasury No.', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'March', 'Story', 'individual', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'uso', 'destinatario', 'informazioni', 'natura', 'leggi', 'lettore', 'dipendente/agente', 'consegna', 'disseminazione', 'distribuzione', 'copiatura', 'comunicazione', 'normativa', 'materia', 'protezione', 'errore', 'mezzo', 'mail', 'risposta', 'cancellazione', 'sistema', 'message', 'use', 'addressee', 'information', 'reader', 'dissemination', 'distribution', 'copying', 'communication', 'mistake', 'attachments', 'system', '1,274', '076']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000490.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.3847 £ 23.2781 Estimated MTD return -3.30 % -3.23 % Estimated YTD return -4.99 % -4.70 % Estimated ITD return 163.85 % 132.78 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -15.10 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.38 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 231.6866 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 124.2100The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-March13-2023-until-March17-2023-include-43293962/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from March13 2023 until March17  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   March 20  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from March 13 2023 until March 17  2023    Implementation o…,March 20  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from March 13 2023 until March 17  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from March 13  2023 until March 17  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until March 31  2023): 280 617 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 03/13/2023 61 079 74.83 74.08 76.48 4 570 731 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/14/2023 54 062 75.15 73.94 76.28 4 062 570 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/15/2023 46 950 74.55 73.56 76.00 3 500 240 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/16/2023 57 644 74.62 73.80 75.32 4 301 257 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/17/2023 60 882 74.64 74.00 75.82 4 544 141 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 280 617 74.76 20 978 934 Regulated information of March 20  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 52 849 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 03/13/2023 9 399 75.00 74.08 76.48 704 884 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/14/2023 10 500 75.21 73.94 76.28 789 728 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/15/2023 8 250 74.81 73.56 76.00 617 188 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/16/2023 15 200 74.60 73.80 75.32 1 133 960 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/17/2023 9 500 75.03 74.00 75.82 712 812 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 52 849 74.90 3 958 572 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from March 13  2023 until March 17  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 51 450 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 03/13/2023 6 500 75.00 74.08 76.48 487 500 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/14/2023 15 500 75.29 73.94 76.28 1 167 068 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/15/2023 1 000 75.85 73.56 76.00 75 850 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/16/2023 21 950 74.85 73.80 75.32 1 642 883 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/17/2023 6 500 74.92 74.00 75.82 487 000 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 51 450 75.03 3 860 301 As of March 17  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 13 786 366 GBL shares representing 9.0% of the issued capital  and holds 10 000 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  87.3% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of March 20  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'March13', 'March17', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', 'Stock Exchange Euronext', 'Acquis Total', '0 GBL share', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'GBL Shares', 'gbl.be', '10,000 shares', 'March', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'Sales', 'The', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2629929/0/en/Fagron-publishes-annual-report-2022.html,Fagron publishes annual report 2022,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 8:00 AM CET          Fagron publishes annual report 2022     ...,English DutchRegulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 8:00 AM CETFagron publishes annual report 2022Fagron  the leading global player in pharmaceutical compounding  today publishes its annual report 2022. Discussion of the annual report and the approval of the financial statements will be put on the agenda of the annual general meeting of shareholders early May.The annual report is available in the official Dutch version and in English translation on Fagron’s website.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Fagron publishes annual report 2022,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['annual report', 'Fagron', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'leading global player', 'leading global company', 'official Dutch version', 'annual general meeting', 'Dutch company', 'Belgian company', 'English Dutch', 'Dutch original', 'annual report', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'financial statements', 'English translation', 'Further information', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Karen Berg', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '20 March', 'Discussion', 'approval', 'agenda', 'shareholders', 'website', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'link', '8:00', '31']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAGRON-N-V-62917/news/Fagron-publishes-annual-report-2022-43288174/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Fagron publishes annual report 2022,(marketscreener.com) Regulated informationNazareth /Rotterdam   20 March 2023 – 8:00 AM CET Fagron publishes annual report 2022 Fagron  the leading global player in pharmaceutical compounding  today publishes its annual report 2022. Discussion of the annual r…,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 8:00 AM CETFagron publishes annual report 2022Fagron  the leading global player in pharmaceutical compounding  today publishes its annual report 2022. Discussion of the annual report and the approval of the financial statements will be put on the agenda of the annual general meeting of shareholders early May.The annual report is available in the official Dutch version and in English translation on Fagron’s website.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Fagron publishes annual report 2022,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['annual report', 'Fagron', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'leading global player', 'leading global company', 'official Dutch version', 'annual general meeting', 'Dutch company', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch original', 'annual report', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'financial statements', 'English translation', 'Further information', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Karen Berg', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '20 March', '8:00 AM', 'Discussion', 'approval', 'agenda', 'shareholders', 'website', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'link', '31']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-Invitation-to-the-FY-2022-Results-conference-call-43292741/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Quadient: Invitation to the FY 2022 Results conference call,(marketscreener.com)  Quadient will release its 2022 full-year results on Monday  27th March 2023 after the close of trading on the Euronext Paris stock exchange. Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer  and Laurent du Passage  Chief Financial Officer  will …,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) will release its 2022 full-year results on Monday  27th March 2023 after the close of trading on the Euronext Paris stock exchange.Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer  and Laurent du Passage  Chief Financial Officer  will host a live webcast and conference call to discuss the Group’s performance at 6:00pm CET (5:00pm GMT) on the same day. The presentation will be conducted in English and will be followed by a Q&A session.Monday   2 7 th March 202 36: 00 p m ( CET )  5:00 p m ( GMT )CONFERENCE CALLPlease connect 10 minutes before the start of the live event by using the following dial-in numbers:France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66;United States: +1 786 697 3501;United Kingdom (Standard International Access): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200.Password: QUADIENTWEBCASTThe live webcast and the presentation slides will be accessible online on the Group’s Investor Relations website (https://invest.quadient.com/en-US) and through the following link:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/quadienten/20230327_1/REPLAYA replay of the webcast will also be available on the Group’s Investor Relations website for 12 months.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.63,0.34,0.03,True,English,"['FY 2022 Results conference call', 'Quadient', 'Invitation', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Laurent du Passage', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Q&A session', 'Standard International Access', 'Investor Relations website', '2022 full-year results', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'conference call', 'same day', 'live event', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'channel.royalcast', 'live webcast', 'presentation slides', 'following link', 'Quadient', 'QDT', 'Monday', 'March', 'close', 'trading', 'Group', 'performance', '6:00pm', '5:00pm', 'English', 'CET', 'GMT', 'start', 'numbers', 'France', 'Password', 'US', 'REPLAY', '12 months', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-43294060/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   20.03.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,20.03.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 9 March 2023 until and including 17 March 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 09/03/2023 1.761 35 24 35 15 35 30 10/03/2023 4.507 34 92 34 70 35 15 13/03/2023 4.484 35 03 34 75 35 25 14/03/2023 149 35 05 35 05 35 05 15/03/2023 4.224 35 12 34 70 35 55 16/03/2023 3.000 34 78 34 65 34 90 17/03/2023 3.056 35 49 35 20 35 70Total number of shares = 21.181. Average price = 35 07 €/share. Total amount = 742.886 95 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholder.On 17 March 2023  413.989 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11 000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 3 1 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '3,1 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11,000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '9 March', '17 March', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholder', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', 'vandevelde', '413.989', '32']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43288283/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) EXOR N.V. announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022   the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam: Trading DateNumber of ordinary s…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 13 March 2023 33 617 75.3343 2 532 513.16 14 March 2023 35 654 75.3015 2 684 799.68 15 March 2023 36 268 72.8816 2 643 269.87 16 March 2023 39 046 73.2085 2 858 499.09 17 March 2023 40 021 73.3680 2 936 260.73 TOTAL 184 606 13 655 342.53After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €246.3 million for a total amount of 3 546 075 ordinary shares purchased.As of 17 March 2023  and following the effectuation of the cancellation of 7 007 464 ordinary shares as announced on 22 December 2022  the Company held in total 7 326 709 ordinary shares in treasury (3.13% of total ordinary issued share capital)1.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.1 This corresponds to 1.00% of the total issued share capital including both ordinary shares and special voting shares.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'special voting shares', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'ordinary shares', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Trading Date', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'Number', 'fees', '13 March', '14 March', '16 March', 'purchases', '17 March', 'effectuation', 'cancellation', '22 December', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2629914/0/en/Nicox-Reports-2022-Financial-Results-and-Updates-Key-Future-Milestones.html,Nicox Reports 2022 Financial Results and Updates Key Future Milestones,Press ReleaseNicox Reports 2022 Financial Results and Updates Key Future Milestones  Net revenue of €3.3 million in 2022     Cash position of €27.7...,Net revenue of €3.3 million in 2022Cash position of €27.7 million as of December 31  2022 March 20  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced the financial and operating results for Nicox and its subsidiaries (the “Nicox Group”) for the year ended December 31  2022  as approved by the Board of Directors on March 17  2023  and updated key future milestones.“2022 was an important year for the company  with the completion of the Mont Blanc trial demonstrating that our NCX 470 program meets the efficacy endpoint necessary for approval in the United States for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. We recently presented the topline data from Mont Blanc at the American Glaucoma Society. Our team is preparing to present further analyses from this trial in the coming months at key ophthalmology conferences  and we plan to initiate additional clinical trials later this year to strengthen the therapeutic profile of NCX 470.” said Andreas Segerros  Chief Executive Officer of Nicox. “Our partner Bausch + Lomb reported 31% year-on-year revenue growth for VYZULTA  together with increasing prescription numbers in the United States  contributing to our having over €1 million of net royalty revenue for the first time in quarter four of 2022. We expect to see this figure continue to increase due to prescription growth and geographic expansion. With a cash position of over €27 million at the end of the year  we are financed through Q2 2024.”2022 Financial SummaryNet revenue1 for the full year 2022 was €3.3 million (consisting entirely of net royalties)  compared to €7.2 million (€2.4 million in net royalties  €4.8 million in license payments) for the full year 2021.Operating expenses for the year 2022 increased to €27.2 million from €25.1 million for the previous year.Net loss of the Nicox Group for the full year 2022 was €27.8 million against €43.8 million for the full year 2021. The 2022 net loss includes €10.9 million of non-cash items resulting from an additional reduction in the estimated fair value of NCX 4251 following the Group's decision not to pursue internal development but to seek a partner in the U.S. The 2021 net loss included €27.8 million of non-cash items due to a reduction in the estimated fair value of ZERVIATE (of €12.7 million) and of NCX 4251 (of €15.1 million) reflecting  respectively  the changes in the allergic conjunctivitis market in the U.S. and the changes in the development plan and timeline for NCX 4251.As of December 31  2022  the Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €27.7 million  as compared with €42.0 million as of December 31  2021. The Company estimates it is financed until Q2 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470.As of December 31  2022  the Nicox Group had financial debt of €24.7 million  consisting of (i) €18.7 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos Capital signed in January 2019  (ii) a €1.8 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and (iii) €4.2 million of present value attributed to the put option2 granted in the November 2022 equity financing. The payment of this debt would only occur if the put option was exercised  subject to the conditions set out in footnote 2 below.Corporate updateThe Ordinary Shareholder Meeting of the Company held on February 28  2023 approved the transfer of the listing of securities issued by the Company from compartment C of the Euronext Paris regulated market to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading system and granted the Board of Directors all powers necessary to carry out this transfer. The transfer to Euronext Growth Paris is subject to the approval of the Euronext Paris market operator and must become effective before February 27  2024  as per the shareholder authorization.Key Future MilestonesCommunication of NCX 470 Mont Blanc results at key ophthalmology congresses: detailed analysis of the Mont Blanc data has now been completed. Presentations were made at the American Glaucoma Society (AGS) Annual Meeting (March 2-5  2023  Austin  TX  U.S ) and are planned at upcoming events including the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting (April 23-27  2023  New Orleans  LA  U.S.) and the World Glaucoma Congress (WGC) (June 28 - July 1  2023  Rome  Italy)  along with journal publications.Denali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: Topline results expected in 2025. This date is based on projections of increased recruitment which take notably into account the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions in China.Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in intraocular pressure (IOP) lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470: planned in H1 2023. The audit procedures on the consolidated accounts as of December 31  2022 have been carried out. The certification report will be issued after finalization of the procedures required for the purposes of the publication of the annual report.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.26,0.45,True,English,"['Key Future Milestones', 'Nicox Reports', '2022 Financial Results', 'Updates', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading system', 'Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'Euronext Paris market operator', 'The Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'additional clinical trials', 'NCX 470 Mont Blanc results', 'allergic conjunctivitis market', 'AGS) Annual Meeting', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'key future milestones', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'bond financing agreement', '€1.8 million credit agreement', 'November 2022 equity financing', 'potential retinal benefits', 'Mont Blanc trial', 'American Glaucoma Society', 'World Glaucoma Congress', 'key ophthalmology conferences', 'increasing prescription numbers', 'key ophthalmology congresses', 'Mont Blanc data', 'year revenue growth', 'net royalty revenue', 'international ophthalmology company', 'prescription growth', 'New Orleans', 'shareholder authorization', 'Net revenue', 'operating results', 'Topline results', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'topline data', 'net royalties', 'Net loss', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'efficacy endpoint', 'United States', 'intraocular pressure', 'ocular hypertension', 'coming months', 'therapeutic profile', 'Andreas Segerros', 'first time', 'geographic expansion', 'license payments', 'Operating expenses', 'fair value', 'U.S.', 'Kreos Capital', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'present value', 'put option', 'Corporate update', 'compartment C', 'detailed analysis', 'upcoming events', 'journal publications', 'COVID-19 restrictions', 'dual mechanism', 'nitric oxide', 'prostaglandin analog', 'Cash position', 'cash items', 'additional reduction', 'cash equivalents', 'important year', 'full year', 'previous year', 'Nicox SA', '2022 Financial Summary', 'internal development', 'development plan', 'Nicox Group', 'NCX 470 program', 'financial debt', 'December', 'March', 'release', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Board', 'Directors', 'completion', 'approval', 'patients', 'team', 'analyses', 'partner', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'VYZULTA', 'quarter', 'four', 'figure', 'Q2', 'non', 'decision', 'ZERVIATE', 'changes', 'timeline', 'form', 'January', 'August', 'context', 'option2', 'conditions', 'footnote', 'February', 'transfer', 'listing', 'securities', 'powers', 'Communication', 'Presentations', 'Austin', 'TX', 'Association', 'Research', 'Vision', 'April', 'WGC', 'June', 'July', 'Rome', 'Italy', 'projections', 'recruitment', 'account', 'lifting', 'China', 'Initiation', 'action', 'IOP', 'lowering', '7:30']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OCI-N-V-14111730/news/OCI-N-EGM-February-2023-Voting-Results-43288715/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,OCI N : EGM February 2023 Voting Results,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Amsterdam  The Netherlands / 16 February 2023   Summary of voting results at the OCI N.V. Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders   OCI N.V. held an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders today  1…,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  The Netherlands / 16 February 2023Summary of voting results at the OCI N.V. Extraordinary General Meeting of ShareholdersOCI N.V. (Euronext: OCI) held an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders today  16 February 2023.A total of 179 294 733 shares were present or represented at this meeting. These shares represent approximately85.21% of the votes that can be cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The voting item was approved as follows:Agenda Item For Against Abstain 1. Opening and announcements 2. Two proposals to amend the Articles of Association to facilitate a capital repayment in connection with the H2 2022 distribution (one 178 927 992 1 109 365 632 combined voting item) 3. Close of the Extraordinary General MeetingFurther information on the H2 2022 DistributionPursuant to the proposals adopted under agenda item 2  OCI will make a distribution to shareholders in the amount EUR 3.50 per share as a repayment of capital.Creditor opposition periodPursuant to Dutch law  the reduction of capital is subject to a formal procedure. This procedure entails customary filings with the Dutch Trade Register and observation of a two-month creditor opposition period as described in Section 2:100 of the Dutch Civil Code. Under the provisions of Section 2:100 of the Dutch Civil Code  creditors may lodge objections to the capital reduction within a period of two months following the announcement of the filing of the resolution to reduce the share capital with the Dutch Trade Register.The amendments to the Articles of Association as resolved upon under agenda item 2 effecting the capital reduction may only be implemented after such two-month creditor opposition period has lapsed  provided that no creditor objections have been received by the Amsterdam District Court or  in the event objections have been received  after such opposition has been withdrawn  resolved or lifted by an enforceable court order by the relevant court in the Netherlands. The amendments of the Articles of Association  as well as the H2 2022 distribution will only take place thereafter.The ex-dividend and record date for the distribution will be confirmed following the creditor opposition period  which is expected to lapse on 17 April 2023. In case of no objections  the ex-dividend date is expected to be 20 April 2023  the record date 21 April 2023  and payment date 26 April 2023.1,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['OCI N', 'EGM February', 'Voting Results', 'OCI N.V. Extraordinary General Meeting', 'two-month creditor opposition period', 'Dutch Trade Register', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'enforceable court order', 'Amsterdam District Court', 'Dutch law', 'relevant court', 'creditor objections', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'voting results', 'voting item', 'Agenda Item', 'Further information', 'customary filings', 'two months', 'record date', 'payment date', 'H2 2022 distribution', 'The Netherlands', 'Two proposals', 'formal procedure', 'ex-dividend date', 'capital reduction', 'capital repayment', 'share capital', '16 February', 'Summary', 'Shareholders', 'Euronext', 'total', '179,294,733 shares', 'votes', 'Abstain', 'Opening', 'announcements', 'Articles', 'Association', 'connection', 'Close', 'amount', 'observation', 'Section', 'provisions', 'creditors', 'resolution', 'amendments', 'event', 'place', '17 April', 'case', '20 April', '632']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-us-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-301776336.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,LONDON  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2022 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing …,LONDON  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2022 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. tax rules', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', '15 April tax return deadline', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'U.S. persons', 'Investor Relations department', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'U.K', 'investment manager', '2022 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'confidential information', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,prnewswire.co.uk
20894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAGRON-N-V-62917/news/Disclosure-of-notification-received-from-FMR-LLC-43294217/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Disclosure of notification received from FMR LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated informationNazareth /Rotterdam   20 March 2023 – 6:30 PM CET Disclosure of notification received from FMR LLC Fagron received a notification pursuant to the Belgian law of 2 May 2007 regarding the disclosure of major shareholdin…,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  20 March 2023 – 6:30 PM CETDisclosure of notification received from FMR LLCFagron received a notification pursuant to the Belgian law of 2 May 2007 regarding the disclosure of major shareholdings in listed companies from FMR LLC.Notification of FMR LLCOn 16 March 2023  Fagron received a notification that the shareholding of FMR LLC crossed the disclosure threshold of 5% on 15 March 2023 as the result of the disposal of voting securities or voting rights.The notification is made by a ‘parent undertaking or a controlling person’.On 15 March 2023  FMR LLC held a total of 3 639 823 voting rights. 1 738 406 voting rights are held by Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  770 002 voting rights are held by Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company  605 186 voting rights are held by FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited  and 526 229 voting rights are held by FIAM LLC.Based on the denominator of 72 992  654 (total number of voting rights)  FMR LLC held 4.99% of the total number of voting rights on 15 March 2023.Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held is as follows: Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company and FIAM LLC are controlled by FIAM Holdings LLC  FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited is controlled by Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  FIAM Holdings LLC and Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC are controlled by FMR LLC. FMR LLC is not a controlled entity.The holdings attributed to the entities mentioned above arise from holdings of various undertakings for collective investment that are managed by FIAM LLC  Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company  Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  and FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited each of which are entities that are subsidiaries of and controlled by FMR LLC. These entities are the discretionary investment managers and exercise the voting rights at their discretion in the absence of specific instructions.The notification of FMR LLC can be viewed via this link.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Disclosure of notification received from FMR LLC,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['FMR LLC', 'Disclosure', 'notification', 'Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'leading global company', 'Research Company LLC', 'discretionary investment managers', 'FMR Investment Management', 'Fidelity Management', 'FIAM Holdings LLC', 'FMR LLC Fagron', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'collective investment', 'FIAM LLC', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'Belgian law', 'major shareholdings', 'voting securities', 'voting rights', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'various undertakings', 'specific instructions', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'total number', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'disclosure threshold', 'Karen Berg', 'UK) Limited', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '20 March', 'notification', '2 May', 'companies', '16 March', '15 March', 'result', 'disposal', 'denominator', 'entities', 'subsidiaries', 'absence', 'link', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', '6:30', '31']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630771/0/en/FL-Entertainment-weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – March 20  2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – March 20  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from March 13 to March 17  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-03-14 BUY 72 8.560000 616.32 XAMS 2023-03-15 BUY 367 8.516349 3 125.50 XAMS 2023-03-17 SELL 150 8.580000 1 287.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'March', 'shares', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-UK-First-Lhyfe-and-Centrica-to-develop-offshore-renewable-green-hydrogen-43288047/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Lhyfe :  UK First: Lhyfe and Centrica to develop offshore renewable green hydrogen,(marketscreener.com)  Memorandum of Understanding will pave the way for green hydrogen pilot production site at seaEnergy firms explore large scale partnership in drive to net zeroAim for UK to become a global leader in the hydrogen sector Nantes…,"Memorandum of Understanding will pave the way for green hydrogen pilot production site at seaEnergy firms explore large scale partnership in drive to net zeroAim for UK to become a global leader in the hydrogen sectorNantes (France) and Windsor (United Kingdom)  20 March 2023 - 7:30 am CET - Lhyfe (EURONEXT: LHYFE) and Centrica have agreed to jointly develop offshore renewable green hydrogen in the UK in a first for the country. The companies have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) that could accelerate green hydrogen as part of the energy transition in the UK.Under the agreement  Lhyfe and Centrica will explore combining their expertise to collaborate on a pilot green hydrogen production site in the Southern North Sea.The pilot will aim to combine Lhyfe's expertise on green hydrogen production and Centrica's experience of gas storage and infrastructure to ensure that the hydrogen produced can be safely stored and utilised in the UK. The end result would be proof that an end-to-end hydrogen production  storage  and distribution system is possible in the country.The energy firms will also examine an additional partnership to deploy the technology at commercial scale alongside offshore wind electricity production.Renewable green hydrogen coupled with offshore wind power is expected to play an increasingly important role in the UK's energy mix  particularly with rapid expansion expected in both of these areas over the next 5-10 years.Colin Brown  UK and Ireland country manager of Lhyfe  said:“We are pleased to announce this agreement with Centrica  which represents an exciting opportunity to drive forward the clean energy transition through large-scale offshore green hydrogen production. Offshore electrolysis coupled with hydrogen storage will maximise the huge potential of offshore wind around the UK. The UK can become a global leader in the production of renewable green hydrogen  moving away from our reliance on fossil fuels and improving our homegrown energy security  while delivering net zero and boosting local economies.”Martin Scargill  Managing Director of Centrica Storage  said:“We are delighted to be working with our partners Lhyfe on another exciting and world-leading Hydrogen project. Hydrogen is going to play a key role in decarbonising the UK's power supply by 2035 and our long-term ambition is for Rough  our gas storage site  to be the world's largest hydrogen store  offering up to 16TWh of storage capacity. This pilot will show how green hydrogen can be produced  moved and stored in the UK market; all while supporting the UK on its net zero journey.”The UK Government has doubled its low-carbon hydrogen production target from 5GW to 10GW by 2030  with at least half of this coming from green hydrogen. Hydrogen production is expected to initially support decarbonisation of industrial clusters  like the Humber cluster with further use cases developing with a growing hydrogen economy.A recent report by the Climate Change Committee confirmed the essential role of hydrogen production  storage and use in achieving the goal of a net zero electricity system in the UK by 2035.Click to access the Lhyfe Media Kit (press kit and visuals)About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group devoted to energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects intend to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and enable the creation of a virtuous energy model capable of decarbonising entire sectors of industry and transport.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant in the world to be interconnected with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform in the world.Lhyfe is represented in 11 European countries and has 149 staff at the end of 2022.The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 –LHYFE).For more information  please go to www.lhyfe.comAbout CentricaCentrica is a leading international services and solutions company with ambitious plans across the business to reach net zero by 2045. Centrica have identified hydrogen as playing an essential part in company and UK targets to achieve net zero.Centrica Storage are a 100% owned subsidiary of Centrica and own and operate the Rough gas field storage facility  located off the coast of Humberside.Centrica has a long-term ambition to turn Rough into the world's largest hydrogen storage facility.ContactsLHYFEIndustry Press RelationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.com Financial Press RelationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Investor RelationsMaria Pardo Saleme  CFOmaria.pardosaleme@lhyfe.comCentricaHead of Corporate CommunicationsJessica Bihari+358 (0) 451189585jessica.bihari@centrica.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yGhtZMlsk2nHxmxxY8hrmJJjZ2iSw5OblmGZlGZvmMzKb3BllGZnZsfKZnBpnmtu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78968-2303_lhyfe-x-centrica-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['offshore renewable green hydrogen', 'Lhyfe', 'UK', 'Centrica', 'first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform', 'first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant', 'large-scale offshore green hydrogen production', 'green hydrogen pilot production site', 'pilot green hydrogen production site', 'Rough gas field storage facility', 'low-carbon hydrogen production target', 'offshore wind electricity production', 'largest hydrogen storage facility', 'offshore renewable green hydrogen', 'net zero electricity system', 'gas storage site', 'LHYFE Industry Press Relations', 'largest hydrogen store', 'offshore wind power', 'next 5-10 years', 'world-leading Hydrogen project', 'growing hydrogen economy', 'Climate Change Committee', 'leading international services', 'Financial Press Relations', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'homegrown energy security', 'virtuous energy model', 'large scale partnership', 'Southern North Sea', 'Clémence Rebours', 'Maria Pardo Saleme', 'net zero journey', 'clean energy transition', 'Ireland country manager', 'Lhyfe Media Kit', 'The UK Government', 'Offshore electrolysis', 'renewable hydrogen', 'production sites', 'press kit', 'hydrogen sector', 'distribution system', 'Investor Relations', 'wind farm', 'additional partnership', 'commercial scale', 'key role', 'power supply', 'storage capacity', 'Energy firms', 'energy mix', 'global leader', 'United Kingdom', 'important role', 'rapid expansion', 'Colin Brown', 'huge potential', 'fossil fuels', 'local economies', 'Martin Scargill', 'Managing Director', 'long-term ambition', 'industrial clusters', 'Humber cluster', 'recent report', 'essential role', 'European group', 'industrial quantities', 'entire sectors', '11 European countries', 'ambitious plans', '100% owned subsidiary', 'Nouvelles Graines', 'Manon Clairet', 'Corporate Communications', 'Centrica Storage', 'exciting opportunity', 'use cases', 'Euronext market', 'essential part', 'Jessica Bihari', 'UK market', 'UK targets', 'end result', 'solutions company', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'way', 'drive', 'Aim', 'Nantes', 'France', 'Windsor', 'March', 'companies', 'MoU', 'agreement', 'expertise', 'experience', 'infrastructure', 'proof', 'technology', 'areas', 'reliance', '16TWh', '5GW', '10GW', 'half', 'decarbonisation', 'goal', 'visuals', 'producer', 'supplier', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'access', 'creation', 'transport', '149 staff', 'Paris', 'information', 'business', 'coast', 'Humberside', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'pardosaleme', 'Head', 'publication', '7:30']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crossject-2022-annual-results-193500070.html,CROSSJECT - 2022 Annual Results,Press release 2022 annual resultsA year of major developmentsSubstantial increase in operating income Dijon  20 March 2023  8.00 p.m. CROSSJECT (ISIN...,CROSSJECTPress release2022 annual resultsA year of major developmentsSubstantial increase in operating incomeDijon  20 March 2023  8.00 p.m.CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drugs for use in emergency situations (epilepsy  allergic shock  overdose  asthma attack  adrenal insufficiency  etc.)  presents its annual results for 2022.“In 2022  Crossject experienced a truly unprecedented year in its history. The growth embedded in contracts signed to date offers unique visibility and marks the turning point we have been waiting for. Optimising our resources to support Crossject’s ramp-up is now our priority  along the lines of the non-dilutive financing we have implemented. Thanks to the efforts of all our teams and the support of our shareholders  especially Gemmes Venture  a major shareholder from the early days  the Crossject story is only just beginning. The momentum for success is there and our teams are more motivated than ever to make us a key player in the pharma sector. Lastly  I would like to thank our investor and shareholder Vester Finance  which hs managed its bonds with great care in a long-term perspective.”Patrick Alexandre – Chairman of the Management BoardWith its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency medication. Crossject is a human-sized company working out of two sites (Dijon and Gray) and covering a wide range of activities  from the design/development of medicines to the preparation of their marketing and their manufacture.After 20 years of research and development  Crossject has achieved major clinical  industrial and commercial milestones in the last two years  laying solid foundations for its future.Emergency situationsCrossject specialises in pre-hospital emergencies. Patients diagnosed at risk of life-threatening seizures can get a prescription for their emergency dose from their doctor  fill the prescription in a pharmacy and then carry it with them at all times.Story continuesPeople are generally not in a medical environment when they have seizures  so they either have to inject the emergency dose themselves or have it done by a member of their family  who is not a health professional. That is where our ZENEO® needle-free injector comes in. ZENEO® is pre-filled and single-use  very easy to understand and extremely safe to use. The ergonomics of our system owe much to cooperation with patient associations for several indications  and has been validated by more than 1 000 people in total on countless occasions. In most cases  an injection can be performed in under a minute  even in stressful situations or by someone unfamiliar with ZENEO®. In the latest “human factors” study in the United States ( see press release of 12 September 2022 )  an exceptional proportion of 99.6% of people successfully completed the injection.In addition  thanks to its ability to inject the dose in less than a tenth of a second (compared with several seconds for most conventional systems)  ZENEO® eliminates most of the risks of misuse.Efficacy of ZENEO®ZENEO® has a long history of proven efficacy and flexibility  with more than 10 clinical studies under its belt  including a 2014 bioequivalence study in combination with subcutaneous methotrexate.However  in most emergency situations  such as epilepsy or allergic shock  it is preferable to administer the drug by intramuscular injection  potentially through clothing. ZENEO® has recently demonstrated its ability to perform such injections (see our press release of 2 November 2022 announcing the positive readout of the ZENEO® Midazolam clinical study  developed for epileptic seizures). This makes Crossject the only company worldwide to offer a means of intramuscular injection (on bare skin or through clothing) in a fraction of a second.Crossject  developer of therapeutic solutionsCrossject is a developer of therapeutic solutions  working both on the ZENEO® medical device and on the combination of ZENEO® with a drug adapted to each therapeutic indication.As a company with ISO 13485 certification for the design  development  production and manufacture of a sterile single-use auto-injector (see our press release of 15 August 2022) and as a pharmaceutical company (see our press release of 16 November 2021)  Crossject is ideally positioned to develop innovative solutions.Marketing authorisation applications for the three priority indications (epilepsy  acute adrenal insufficiency  allergic shock) are scheduled to be submitted in 2024. However  the goal is still to file an Emergency Use Authorization application under the BARDA contract in 2023 (see below).It is important to note that Crossject used advanced reliability quantification techniques to develop ZENEO® in order to meet the FDA’s very demanding standards (at least 99.999% compliant injections  which is equivalent to less than ten mechanical failures per million injections).Crossject  manufacturerCrossject has a three-stage industrial chain for the manufacture of its medical devices. Upstream  the company subcontracts the manufacture of components to partners with the necessary expertise in plastic or metal injection  glass forming  elastomer moulding  etc. Crossject generally owns the specific tools  which are integrated into the partner’s industrial facilities.Downstream  Crossject sources its active ingredients from specialised chemical manufacturers and delivers them to a manufacturer specialised in the mixing and filling of sterile injectable liquid products (fill/finish). Crossject also supplies the manufacturer with a ready-to-fill kit consisting of two sub-assemblies: a sterile pharmaceutical sub-assembly  intended to receive the drug  prepared and shipped from Crossject’s Dijon site  and an actuator (the injector’s mechanical part)  assembled and shipped from Crossject’s Gray site.Crossject already has highly efficient industrial facilities; each piece of equipment has its own capacity  so the maximum capacity of the whole is determined by the slowest workstation; Crossject accordingly has production capacity of more than 500 000 ready-to-fill kits per year – capacity that is about to increase with the ongoing installation of new equipment recently delivered with the support of France Relance (press release of 10 March 2021).Crossject’s medium-term strategy is to grow its industrial capacity by removing bottlenecks as business needs change. The renovation of a 1000 sq.m. building on the Gray site (delivery scheduled before this summer) will allow Crossject to lift its capacity to more than 6 million units per year.MarketingCrossject initially chose to entrust the distribution of its products to pharmaceutical companies already established in the relevant geographies and therapeutic indications.The priority geographies are North America and Western Europe.Of the seven therapeutic indications in its portfolio  two are already covered by licensing agreements  namely acute adrenal insufficiency for North America (press release of 16 June 2021) and epilepsy for Germany (press release of 18 June 2019)  for which several milestones have been successfully achieved.A new indication could also be developed in partnership with an American laboratory (press release of 15 September 2022).Crossject’s epilepsy product is also the subject of a contract with BARDA (the US government agency that supports the research  development and manufacture of medical products for public health emergencies) (press release of 18 June 2022  contract no. 75A50122C00031). The total value of the contract – if all options are exercised – is $155 million and includes advanced regulatory development in the United States and the supply of products to the US Strategic National Stockpile  upon approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The aim is to start deliveries by the end of 2023  subject to obtaining Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) from the Food Drug Administration (FDA).Crossject  a committed companyIn recent years  Crossject has demonstrated its commitment on CSR questions  with a gender equality index reading above 90 for two consecutive years and a significant increase in its GAIA index from 15 to 60 in just three years. The company has also received a Responsible Care® award  demonstrating its commitment to transforming itself into a major player in the field of life-saving emergency medicines.Financial information as of 31 December 2022In line with the business plan  the strengthening of our financial base to support the very substantial acceleration of our development was a real success in 2022. The €22 million financial reinforcement came from several sources;BARDA invoicing: $1.8 million invoiced in 2022Free allocation of equity warrants to all shareholders: €2.8 millionCapital increase with preferential subscription rights: €4.09 millionExercise of warrants: €0.2 millionNew borrowings: at the end of the year we completed a major non-dilutive financial transaction of €14 million  with €4 million in loans granted in 2022. The transaction includes various loans granted by long-standing banks (Caisse d’Epargne and BNP)  Société Générale and BPI  with amortisation periods ranging from 5 to 10 years  and nearly 85% of the total available immediately.All OC1223 convertible bonds were converted during the year and 95.7% of the OC1224 convertible bonds were converted during the year  the balance being converted this day.In the year ended 31 December 2022  we recorded a very substantial increase in operating income to €9.7 million  an increase of 43%.It includes €0.95 million in revenue relating to milestones achieved during the year.€ thousand  as of 31 December 2022 2021 Operating income 9 718 6 772 Operating expenses -23 005 -18 594 Purchases of raw materials and supplies -498 -954 Other purchases and external expenses -8 116 -5 901 Personnel expenses -7 424 -6 183 Taxes and duties -176 -202 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions -6 358 -5 013 Other expenses -433 -342 Operating profit/(loss) -13 288 -11 823 Financial income/(expense) -319 -774 Exceptional income/(expense) 228 81 Corporate tax 2 222 1 818 Net profit/(loss) -11 157 -10 698 The financial statements for the six months to 31 December 2022 were approved by the members of the Management Board on 20 March 2023 and presented at the Supervisory Board meeting of 20 March 2023. They have been audited.In addition  capitalised production increased by 13% to €6.1 million as a result of ongoing research and development activities.During the year  Crossject maintained its focus on cost control. Operating expenses increased by just 24%  a very moderate rise in relation to that of operating income.Other purchases and external expenses amounted to €8.1 million  compared with €5.9 million in 2021  attributable notably to the progress of production work linked to the BARDA contract  the completion of various clinical studies and batches on several drugs in the portfolio and the costs inherent to the industrial ramp-up in the broad sense.At the end of 2022  Crossject had approximately 100 employees  a slight increase compared with the end of 2021. Personnel expenses amounted to €7.4 million in 2022  compared with €6.2 million in 2021  taking into account recruitments in 2022 aimed at obtaining more qualified skills better suited to our stage of development.The overall operating loss was €13.3 million  compared with a loss of €11.8 million in 2021.The Group recorded net financial expense of 0.3 million for 2022  compared with an expense of €0.9 million for 2021.After taking into account exceptional income of €0.2 million and a Research Tax Credit of €2.2 million  an increase of €0.4 million on 2021  the net loss for 2022 was €11.2 million.As of 31 December 2022  Crossject had cash of €8 million (€10 million at the end of 2021)  plus €6.2 million in non-dilutive financing announced at the end of the year and €3.8 million from the same plan  yet to be received  of which €2.0 million is conditional on obtaining Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) from the Food Drug Administration (FDA).In view of current contracts (and in particular monthly invoicing to BARDA) and the very clear visibility Crossject has acquired in recent months  the company is confident in its ability to find the necessary financing to continue its development.Contacts:CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Investor relationsAELIUMJérôme Gacoin +33 (0) 1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frPress relationsBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)6 12 52 53 15melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT • www.crossject.comCrossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014  and benefits from Bpifrance funding.APPENDICESIncome statement (in €k) 44561 44561 Change Revenue 954 912 42 Stored production 348 170 178 Capitalised production 6 5 383 -5 377 Subsidies 5 185 -180 Reversals of provisions and transfers of expenses 445 98 347 Other income 1 861 24 1 837 Operating income 3 619 6 772 -3 153 Purchases of raw materials and other supplies 1 002 1 143 -141 Change in inventory (raw materials and other supplies) -505 -189 -316 Other purchases and external expenses 8 115 5 901 2 214 Taxes and duties 177 202 -25 Personnel expenses 7 425 6 183 1 242 Depreciation  amortisation 5 263 4 490 773 Other provisions 1 095 523 572 Other expenses 433 342 91 Operating expenses 23 005 18 595 4 410 Operating profit/(loss) -19 386 -11 823 -7 563 Financial income/(expense) -319 -882 563 Exceptional income/(expense) 228 81 147 Research Tax Credit 2 222 1 818 404 NET PROFIT/(LOSS) -17 255 -10 806 -6 449BALANCE SHEET – ASSETS (in €k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 CHANGE FIXED ASSETS R&D 10 691 9123 1 568 Patents and trademarks 6 -6 Other intangible assets 11 -11 Land 89 89 0 Property  plant and equipment 5 085 4 631 454 Assets under construction 2 492 2 426 66 Financial assets 672 516 156 TOTAL FIXED ASSETS 19 029 16 802 2 227 CURRENT ASSETS Raw materials  other supplies 1 416 863 553 Work in process 588 503 85 Advances and prepayments received on orders in progress 345 294 51 Trade and related receivables 726 44 682 State and other receivables 2 450 1 931 519 Marketable securities 154 -154 Available cash 7 769 9 830 -2 061 Prepaid/deferred expenses 536 923 -387 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 13 830 14 542 -712 TOTAL ASSETS 32 859 31 344 1 515BALANCE SHEET – LIABILITIES (in €k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 CHANGE SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Capital 3652 2604 1048 Share premium 18312 6036 12276 Regulated reserve 0 0 0 Retained earnings -8786 -3980 -4806 Profit/(loss) for the year -11157 -10698 -459 Investment subsidies 665 665 0 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 2686 -5373 8059 Conditional advances 7476 7476 0 Provisions for contingencies and charges 1420 810 610 BORROWINGS AND DEBT Bonds 355 12587 -12232 Loans 11048 7946 3102 Miscellaneous 2722 2794 -72 Debts – Trade payables 3523 1961 1562 Total tax and social security liabilities 1833 1183 650 Debts on fixed assets 1764 2247 -483 Deferred income 32 0 32 TOTAL DEBT 21277 28718 -7441 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 32859 31631 1228HEADINGS 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Net profit/(loss) - 11 157.00 - 10 806.00 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions 5 705.00 5 078.00 Capital gains on disposal  net of tax 1 00 Other income and expenses calculated - 28.39 - 28.39 Cancellation of exceptional income on cancellation of debt Cash flow from operations -5 479.39 - 5 756 39 Change in working capital requirements 399.03 - 327 32 (1) Net cash generated by (used in) operating activities -5 080.36 - 6 083.71 Acquisition of fixed assets -6 778.69 - 6 732.62 (2) Net cash generated by (used in) investing activities -6 778.69 - 6 732 62 Capital increase 4 088.86 Exercise of warrants 3 003.17 Bonds - 13 066.09 Loans 4 000 00 - 6 123.84 Repayment of borrowings - 969.15 7 826.09 Subsidies - 716 13 Debts on fixed assets - 483.21 - 962 18 Repayable advances - (3) Net cash generated by (used in) financing activities 9 639.67 14 522.30 Change in cash and cash equivalents (1)+(2)+(3) -2 219.38 1 705.97 Opening cash position 9 983.07 8 277.11 Closing cash position 7 769.58 9 983.07Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.08,0.2,True,English,"['2022 Annual Results', 'CROSSJECT', 'advanced reliability quantification techniques', 'latest “human factors” study', 'Emergency Use Authorization application', 'ZENEO® Midazolam clinical study', 'ten mechanical failures', 'most conventional systems', 'self-administered emergency medication', 'major clinical, industrial', 'needle-free self-injection system', 'sterile single-use auto-injector', 'Marketing authorisation applications', 'acute adrenal insufficiency', 'specialty pharma company', 'ZENEO® needle-free injector', 'last two years', 'three priority indications', 'most emergency situations', 'ZENEO® medical device', '2014 bioequivalence study', '10 clinical studies', 'most cases', 'two sites', 'medical environment', 'several indications', 'major developments', 'stressful situations', 'emergency dose', 'Press release', '2022 annual results', 'Substantial increase', 'operating income', 'allergic shock', 'asthma attack', 'unique visibility', 'turning point', 'non-dilutive financing', 'Gemmes Venture', 'early days', 'key player', 'Vester Finance', 'great care', 'long-term perspective', 'Patrick Alexandre', 'Management Board', 'world leader', 'wide range', 'commercial milestones', 'solid foundations', 'pre-hospital emergencies', 'health professional', 'patient associations', 'countless occasions', 'United States', 'exceptional proportion', 'a tenth', 'several seconds', 'subcutaneous methotrexate', 'positive readout', 'bare skin', 'therapeutic solutions', 'therapeutic indication', 'ISO 13485 certification', 'innovative solutions', 'demanding standards', 'major shareholder', 'human-sized company', 'pharmaceutical company', 'life-threatening seizures', 'epileptic seizures', '99.999% compliant injections', 'million injections', 'unprecedented year', 'long history', 'intramuscular injection', 'Crossject story', '20 years', 'Dijon', '20 March', 'Ticker', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'drugs', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'growth', 'contracts', 'date', 'resources', 'ramp-up', 'lines', 'efforts', 'teams', 'support', 'shareholders', 'momentum', 'success', 'sector', 'investor', 'hs', 'bonds', 'Chairman', 'patented', 'Gray', 'activities', 'design/development', 'medicines', 'preparation', 'manufacture', 'research', 'future', 'Patients', 'risk', 'prescription', 'doctor', 'times', 'People', 'member', 'family', 'ergonomics', 'cooperation', 'total', 'minute', 'someone', '12 September', 'addition', 'misuse', 'Efficacy', 'flexibility', 'belt', 'combination', 'clothing', '2 November', 'means', 'fraction', 'developer', 'production', '15 August', '16 November', 'goal', 'order', 'FDA', '8.00']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
20898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETGEM-4779/news/Netgem-Netgem-completes-the-sale-of-its-Fibre-France-business-to-Nordnet-43288246/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Netgem :  Netgem completes the sale of its Fibre France business to Nordnet,(marketscreener.com)  Paris and Villeneuve d'Ascq  20th march 2023 Following the sale agreement announced on February 10th  Netgem and Nordnet have confirmed that the closing of the sale with take effect from 1st April 2023.The transfer to Nordnet of the …,"Paris and Villeneuve d'Ascq  20th march 2023 Following the sale agreement announced on February 10th  Netgem and Nordnet have confirmed that the closing of the sale with take effect from 1st April 2023.The transfer to Nordnet of the 10 000 subscribers to the Videofutur Fibre offer will be carried out in accordance with the technical and contractual conditions from which they have benefited up to now  without any impact on the subscription price and associated services  in particular the television service operated by Netgem. Subscribers will also be able to benefit from additional services at a later stage thanks to the Nordnet's expertise  an access provider for over 25 years and subsidiary of the Orange group.Mathias HAUTEFORT  CEO of Netgem  said: “We are pleased to have finalised this transaction with Nordnet  which is directly in line with our strategy of refocusing on our core business  and pleased to extend the existing relationship with Nordnet into a long-term partnership. I am convinced that Nordnet is an excellent solution for our subscribers  and I would like to thank them for the trust they have shown in us.”Jean-François BRAEMS  Chairman and CEO of Nordnet  said: ""I am delighted that Netgem has entrusted us with the Internet Access business previously operated under the La Fibre Videofutur brand. Nordnet's teams are already hard at work to welcome customers in the best conditions. The continuity of their service will be guaranteed thanks to Netgem's reliability. This relationship of trust will enable us to offer a seamless experience  so that all customers continue to benefit from their Internet connection and high quality services.”Netgem ContactsInvestors and Analysts RelationsBertrand SOLEILbertrand.soleil@double-digit.com+33 (0)6 23 31 06 53 Press RelationsPatricia OUAKIpatricia.ouaki@forcemedia.fr+33 (0)1 44 40 24 01Nordnet ContactPress RelationsLéa VANDAELEpresse@nordnet.fr+33 (0)3 20 66 55 85About NetgemNetgem is the publisher of the netgem.tv digital entertainment service  which brings together all the live  on-demand and subscription video content available on the market into one integrated experience and allows access by all family members on mobile  PC or TV screens.The netgem.tv product is distributed through a network of fixed telecom operators in Europe  under the operator's brand (B2B2C model) to more than 500 000 subscribers.Netgem is listed on Euronext Growth.(ISIN : FR0004154060  Reuters : ETGM.PA  Bloomberg: ALNTG FP)About NordnetNordnet (an Orange Group company) actively contributes to reducing the digital divide and developing the attractiveness of the territories of mainland France. Nordnet  an advocate of digital equity  is committed to providing each individual or professional with very high-speed Internet access using the best technology available in their location. Nordnet's fiber offers  based on the deployment of fiber via the Public Initiative Networks  are already available in nearly 18 000 communes with fiber in 72 departments. Nordnet also specialises in very high-speed Internet connections via satellite or radio  available throughout France. Nordnet's commitment is to make very high-speed Internet accessible to everyone  everywhere  regardless of the technology available.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lJuaZpVrlWrGnnBpZp6WmpZka5hik2CabGGammRqlZiYaJ1oyJxpbJnLZnBpnmts- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78966-pr-eng-20032023-netgem-nordnet.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Fibre France business', 'Netgem', 'sale', 'Nordnet', 'netgem.tv digital entertainment service', 'La Fibre Videofutur brand', 'Nordnet Contact Press Relations', 'Videofutur Fibre offer', 'Jean-François BRAEMS', 'Léa VANDAELE', 'fixed telecom operators', 'Public Initiative Networks', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'subscription video content', 'one integrated experience', 'high quality services', 'high-speed Internet connections', 'netgem.tv product', 'high-speed Internet access', 'Internet Access business', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Orange Group company', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'TV screens', 'digital divide', 'digital equity', 'television service', 'Analysts Relations', 'subscription price', 'core business', 'seamless experience', 'associated services', 'additional services', 'access provider', '20th march', '1st April', 'contractual conditions', 'later stage', 'Mathias HAUTEFORT', 'long-term partnership', 'excellent solution', 'best conditions', 'Bertrand SOLEIL', 'family members', 'B2B2C model', 'Euronext Growth', 'ALNTG FP', 'sale agreement', 'existing relationship', 'Patricia OUAKI', 'mainland France', 'best technology', 'Regulated information', 'Paris', 'Villeneuve', 'Ascq', 'February', 'closing', 'effect', 'transfer', '10,000 subscribers', 'accordance', 'technical', 'impact', 'expertise', '25 years', 'subsidiary', 'CEO', 'transaction', 'line', 'strategy', 'trust', 'Chairman', 'teams', 'customers', 'continuity', 'reliability', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'forcemedia', 'presse', 'publisher', 'live', 'demand', 'market', 'mobile', 'PC', 'Europe', '500,000 subscribers', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'ETGM', 'Bloomberg', 'attractiveness', 'territories', 'advocate', 'individual', 'location', 'fiber', 'deployment', '18,000 communes', '72 departments', 'satellite', 'radio', 'commitment', 'everyone', 'publication', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'salesÃ', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '6', '1 44']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALAPAGOS-NV-6464/news/Galapagos-increases-share-capital-through-subscription-right-exercises-43294788/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Galapagos increases share capital through subscription right exercises,(marketscreener.com) Mechelen  Belgium; 20 March 2023  21.01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV announces a share capital increase arising from subscription right exercises. Galapagos issued 61 560 new ordinary shares on 20 March 2023  for a total capi…,Mechelen  Belgium; 20 March 2023  21.01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announces a share capital increase arising from subscription right exercises.Galapagos issued 61 560 new ordinary shares on 20 March 2023  for a total capital increase (including issuance premium) of EUR 1 769 850.00.In accordance with Belgian transparency legislation1  Galapagos also wishes to note that its total share capital currently amounts to EUR 356 444 938.61  the total number of securities conferring voting rights amounts to 65 897 071  which is also the total number of voting rights (the denominator)  and all securities conferring voting rights and all voting rights are of the same category. The total number of rights (formerly known as ‘warrants’) to subscribe to not yet issued securities conferring voting rights is (i) 10 731 149 subscription rights under several outstanding personnel subscription right plans  which equals 10 731 149 voting rights that may result from the exercise of those subscription rights  and (ii) 1 subscription right issued to Gilead Therapeutics to subscribe for a maximum number of shares that is sufficient to bring the shareholding of Gilead (and its affiliated companies) to 29.9% of the actually issued and outstanding shares after the exercise of such subscription right. Galapagos does not have any convertible bonds or shares without voting rights outstanding.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to commercialized programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel +32 479 490 603 +1 781 296 1143 Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs +41 79 853 33 54 +32 495 58 46 63 ir@glpg.com Hélène de Kruijs +31 6 22463921 media@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  unless specifically required by law or regulation.1 Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market (as amended from time to time).,neutral,0.25,0.75,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.15,0.56,True,English,"['subscription right exercises', 'share capital', 'Galapagos', 'Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel', 'several outstanding personnel subscription right plans', 'Hélène de Kruijs', 'Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'subscription right exercises', 'share capital increase', 'integrated biotechnology company', 'high unmet needs', 'R&D capabilities', 'multiple drug modalities', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'total capital increase', 'total share capital', '61,560 new ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Media relations', '1 subscription right', 'outstanding shares', '10,731,149 subscription rights', '1 Belgian Act', 'total number', 'regulated information', 'issuance premium', 'same category', 'maximum number', 'affiliated companies', 'convertible bonds', 'innovative medicines', 'patients’ lives', 'small molecules', 'cell therapies', 'other indications', 'first medicine', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'additional information', 'future results', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'voting rights', 'Gilead Therapeutics', 'Galapagos NV', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '20 March', '21.01 CET', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'accordance', 'securities', 'denominator', 'warrants', 'diseases', 'portfolio', 'discovery', 'programs', 'immunology', 'oncology', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'release', 'guarantees', 'date', 'publication', 'document', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'time']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-positioned-as-a-Leader-in-the-Gartner-Magic-Quadrant-trade-for-Outsourced-Digital-Workplace-S-43292215/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Atos positioned as a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report,(marketscreener.com)  Press release Atos positioned as a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report Paris  March 20  2023 - Atos today announces that it has been positioned as a Leader by Gartner in its 2023 Magic…,Press releaseAtos positioned as a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services reportParis  March 20  2023 - Atos today announces that it has been positioned as a Leader by Gartner in its 2023 Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services (ODWS)  based on its Completeness of Vision and Ability to Execute. This is the seventh consecutive year that Atos has been named a Leader in a Gartner Magic Quadrant report related to outsourced digital workplace services1. Atos is the only European company to be listed in the Leaders’ quadrant.Atos’ Outsourced Digital Workplace solutions are part of its Engaged Employee Experience. This approach takes a holistic view of each individual and their unique needs in the workplace. In addition to ensuring that each employee has the right physical working environment and hardware/software solutions to enable them to do their job effectively  Atos also looks at accessibility  collaboration  security  continuous learning and development  as well as employee wellbeing with AI powered tools and data driven solutions such as sentiment analysis. With employee experience being at the heart of Atos’ Digital Workplace solutions  organizations can increase employee engagement which leads to enhanced performance  customer satisfaction and higher profitability.“We are proud to be recognized as a Leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services for the seventh year running” said Nourdine Bihmane Group CEO and Co-CEO  Tech Foundations  Atos. “Our goal is to create a revolutionary intersection between platforms (technology)  people and places  to ensure that every employee wherever they may be based  benefits from a personalized way of working underpinned by innovative and holistic engaged employee experience technologies. We believe that this recognition by Gartner reflects our continued investment in our growing Digital Workplace business and the relevance of our holistic approach.”This Magic Quadrant evaluated 17 service providers based on their ability to execute and completeness of vision.To download a copy of the report  please go to Download Gartner Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services 2023 report - Atos***DisclaimerGARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner  Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally  Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner  Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.Gartner does not endorse any vendor  product or service depicted in its research publications  and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties  expressed or implied  with respect to this research  including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactIsabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 881 The 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services replaces three separate regional Magic Quadrants for North America  Europe and the Asia/Pacific region  called Magic Quadrant for Managed Workplace Services (2017-2021).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report', 'Gartner® Magic Quadrant™', 'Atos', 'Leader', 'three separate regional Magic Quadrants', 'Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report', 'Outsourced Digital Workplace Services 2023 report', 'holistic engaged employee experience technologies', 'Atos’ Outsourced Digital Workplace solutions', 'right physical working environment', 'growing Digital Workplace business', 'Nourdine Bihmane Group CEO', 'Atos’ Digital Workplace solutions', 'Gartner Magic Quadrant report', 'Managed Workplace Services', 'data driven solutions', 'AI powered tools', 'This Magic Quadrant', 'seventh consecutive year', 'Gartner® Magic Quadrant™', '2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant', 'secure information space', 'Gartner research publications', '2023 Magic Quadrant', 'digital transformation', 'decarbonized digital', 'decarbonization services', 'hardware/software solutions', 'end solutions', 'holistic view', 'seventh year', 'Leaders’ quadrant', 'holistic approach', 'employee wellbeing', 'employee engagement', 'Press release', 'European company', 'unique needs', 'continuous learning', 'sentiment analysis', 'customer satisfaction', 'higher profitability', 'Tech Foundations', 'revolutionary intersection', 'personalized way', 'continued investment', 'U.S.', 'highest ratings', 'other designation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'North America', 'Asia/Pacific region', 'research organization', '17 service providers', 'service mark', 'multicultural approach', 'registered trademark', 'technology users', 'all warranties', 'particular purpose', 'Euronext Paris', 'global leader', 'ODWS', 'Completeness', 'Vision', 'individual', 'addition', 'job', 'accessibility', 'collaboration', 'security', 'development', 'heart', 'organizations', 'goal', 'platforms', 'people', 'places', 'innovative', 'recognition', 'relevance', 'copy', 'Disclaimer', 'affiliates', 'Inc.', 'permission', 'rights', 'vendor', 'product', 'opinions', 'statements', 'respect', 'merchantability', 'fitness', '111,000 employees', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'future', 'expertise', 'knowledge', 'education', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301776494.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 20 March 2023  delivered 27 890 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €52.56). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 181 232. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0161%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.12,0.62,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '27,890 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '20 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,prnewswire.co.uk
20902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630385/0/en/Atos-positioned-as-a-Leader-in-the-Gartner-Magic-Quadrant-for-Outsourced-Digital-Workplace-Services-report.html,Atos positioned as a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report,Press release  Atos positioned as a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report  Paris  March 20  2023 -...,English FrenchPress releaseAtos positioned as a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services reportParis  March 20  2023 - Atos today announces that it has been positioned as a Leader by Gartner in its 2023 Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services (ODWS)  based on its Completeness of Vision and Ability to Execute. This is the seventh consecutive year that Atos has been named a Leader in a Gartner Magic Quadrant report related to outsourced digital workplace services1. Atos is the only European company to be listed in the Leaders’ quadrant.Atos’ Outsourced Digital Workplace solutions are part of its Engaged Employee Experience. This approach takes a holistic view of each individual and their unique needs in the workplace. In addition to ensuring that each employee has the right physical working environment and hardware/software solutions to enable them to do their job effectively  Atos also looks at accessibility  collaboration  security  continuous learning and development  as well as employee wellbeing with AI powered tools and data driven solutions such as sentiment analysis. With employee experience being at the heart of Atos’ Digital Workplace solutions  organizations can increase employee engagement which leads to enhanced performance  customer satisfaction and higher profitability.“We are proud to be recognized as a Leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services for the seventh year running” said Nourdine Bihmane Group CEO and Co-CEO  Tech Foundations  Atos. “Our goal is to create a revolutionary intersection between platforms (technology)  people and places  to ensure that every employee wherever they may be based  benefits from a personalized way of working underpinned by innovative and holistic engaged employee experience technologies. We believe that this recognition by Gartner reflects our continued investment in our growing Digital Workplace business and the relevance of our holistic approach.”This Magic Quadrant evaluated 17 service providers based on their ability to execute and completeness of vision.To download a copy of the report  please go to Download Gartner Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services 2023 report - Atos***DisclaimerGARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner  Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally  Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner  Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.Gartner does not endorse any vendor  product or service depicted in its research publications  and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties  expressed or implied  with respect to this research  including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactIsabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 881 The 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services replaces three separate regional Magic Quadrants for North America  Europe and the Asia/Pacific region  called Magic Quadrant for Managed Workplace Services (2017-2021).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.34,0.66,True,English,"['Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report', 'Gartner® Magic Quadrant™', 'Atos', 'Leader', 'three separate regional Magic Quadrants', 'Outsourced Digital Workplace Services report', 'Outsourced Digital Workplace Services 2023 report', 'holistic engaged employee experience technologies', 'Atos’ Outsourced Digital Workplace solutions', 'right physical working environment', 'growing Digital Workplace business', 'Nourdine Bihmane Group CEO', 'Atos’ Digital Workplace solutions', 'Gartner Magic Quadrant report', 'Managed Workplace Services', 'data driven solutions', 'AI powered tools', 'This Magic Quadrant', 'seventh consecutive year', 'Gartner® Magic Quadrant™', '2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant', 'secure information space', 'Gartner research publications', '2023 Magic Quadrant', 'digital transformation', 'decarbonized digital', 'decarbonization services', 'hardware/software solutions', 'end solutions', 'holistic view', 'seventh year', 'Leaders’ quadrant', 'holistic approach', 'employee wellbeing', 'employee engagement', 'English French', 'Press release', 'European company', 'unique needs', 'continuous learning', 'sentiment analysis', 'customer satisfaction', 'higher profitability', 'Tech Foundations', 'revolutionary intersection', 'personalized way', 'continued investment', 'U.S.', 'highest ratings', 'other designation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'North America', 'Asia/Pacific region', 'research organization', '17 service providers', 'service mark', 'multicultural approach', 'registered trademark', 'technology users', 'all warranties', 'particular purpose', 'Euronext Paris', 'global leader', 'ODWS', 'Completeness', 'Vision', 'individual', 'addition', 'job', 'accessibility', 'collaboration', 'security', 'development', 'heart', 'organizations', 'goal', 'platforms', 'people', 'places', 'innovative', 'recognition', 'relevance', 'copy', 'Disclaimer', 'Inc.', 'affiliates', 'permission', 'rights', 'vendor', 'product', 'opinions', 'statements', 'respect', 'merchantability', 'fitness', '111,000 employees', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'future', 'expertise', 'knowledge', 'education', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'grange', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/BIC-Change-in-Board-Composition-Appointment-proposal-of-Carole-Callebaut-Piwnica-as-independent-d-43293968/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,BIC: Change in Board Composition - Appointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnica as independent director,(marketscreener.com) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                         Change in Board CompositionAppointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnicaas independent director Clichy  France – March 20th  2023 - Ahead of the next Shareholders’...https://www.marketscree…,"FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEChange in Board CompositionAppointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnicaas independent directorClichy  France – March 20th  2023 - Ahead of the next Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16  2023  and following the resignation of Elizabeth Bastoni from her position as independent director  the Board of Directors of Société BIC held on March 17  2023  unanimously decided to propose the appointment of Carole Callebaut Piwnica as independent director  on the recommendation of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee.Carole Callebaut Piwnica  a citizen of Belgium  is 65 years old. She holds a law degree from the University of Brussels and a Master of Laws degree from New York University. She was a member of the New York and Paris bars. She began her career in New York at Proskauer Rose and joined the M&A department of Shearman & Sterling in Paris. She worked for 15 years in the agri-food processing industry and served as Chairman of the Amylum Group (Belgium  ingredients) and as director and vice-chairman of Tate and Lyle (UK  sugar and ingredients). She has also been an independent director of several international listed companies including Sanofi (France  pharmaceuticals)  Eutelsat (France  satellites)  Dairy Crest (UK  milk and cheese)  and Aviva (UK  insurance). In 2006  she founded the private equity fund Naxos Capital Partners (Luxembourg)  of which she was Managing Partner and was a director of its portfolio companies  including Big Red (US  soft drinks) and Amyris (US  ingredients and beauty). She is currently an independent director on the Supervisory Board of Rothschild & Co.Subject to the vote of the Shareholders' Meeting on May 16  2023  the Board of Directors has also recommended that Carole Callebaut Piwnica be appointed as Chair of the Remuneration Committee as well as a member of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee.Subject to the same conditions  Candace Matthews would be appointed Chair of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee  in addition to her current position as member of the Audit Committee.Nikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board  said ""I am delighted that the Board has decided to propose the appointment of Carole Callebaut Piwnica. Her M&A expertise  as well as her multiple experiences as a director of international companies and her membership of several Remuneration committees  will be valuable assets for Société BIC's Board of Directors”.***ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaInvestor Relations Senior Managermichele.ventura@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,True,English,"['Carole Callebaut Piwnica', 'Board Composition', 'Appointment proposal', 'independent director', 'BIC', 'Change', 'Michèle Ventura Investor Relations Senior Manager', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'several international listed companies', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'Carole Callebaut Piwnica', 'M&A department', 'agri-food processing industry', 'private equity fund', 'Naxos Capital Partners', 'M&A expertise', 'several Remuneration committees', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Société BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'New York University', 'international companies', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'BIC products', 'portfolio companies', '1st Quarter', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'CSR Committee', 'law degree', 'Laws degree', 'Proskauer Rose', 'Amylum Group', 'Dairy Crest', 'Managing Partner', 'Big Red', 'soft drinks', 'same conditions', 'Candace Matthews', 'Audit Committee', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'multiple experiences', 'valuable assets', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'sustainable development', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'Paris bars', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent director', 'current position', 'world leader', 'Appointment proposal', 'Board Composition', 'Supervisory Board', 'Change', 'Clichy', 'France', 'March', 'May', 'resignation', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'Nominations', 'Governance', 'citizen', 'Belgium', 'Brussels', 'Master', 'member', 'career', 'Shearman', 'Sterling', '15 years', 'Chairman', 'ingredients', 'Tate', 'Lyle', 'UK', 'sugar', 'Sanofi', 'pharmaceuticals', 'Eutelsat', 'satellites', 'milk', 'cheese', 'Aviva', 'insurance', 'Luxembourg', 'Amyris', 'beauty', 'Rothschild', 'vote', 'addition', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program-43292039/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,(marketscreener.com) STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Mar 13  2023 to Mar 17  2023 AMSTERDAM – March 20  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V.   a global semiconductor leade…,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Mar 13  2023 to Mar 17  2023AMSTERDAM – March 20  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Mar 13  2023 to Mar 17  2023 (the “Period”)  of 142 688 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 44.9509 and for an overall price of EUR 6 413 953.20.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 3/13/2023 28 646 44.5156 1 275 193.88 XPAR 3/14/2023 28 357 45.1813 1 281 206.12 XPAR 3/15/2023 28 455 44.8648 1 276 627.88 XPAR 3/16/2023 28 980 44.5765 1 291 826.97 XPAR 3/17/2023 28 250 45.6318 1 289 098.35 XPAR Total for Period 142 688 44.9509 6 413 953.20Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 9 091 897 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.0% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '142,688 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', '9,091,897 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Period', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Dates', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-Pharnext-supports-and-participates-in-two-congresses-on-Neuromuscular-Disorders-in-43288457/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Pharnext Sa :  Pharnext supports and participates in two congresses on Neuromuscular Disorders in Europe,(marketscreener.com)  March 22-24: 26th Congress of the Medical-Scientific Advisory Committee of the German Society for Myopathic Patients   followed by a patient Day on March 25th  both held in Essen  GermanyMarch 24th: Spring 2023 meeting of the British…,"March 22-24: 26 th Congress of the Medical-Scientific Advisory Committee of the German Society for Myopathic Patients (DGM)  followed by a patient Day on March 25 th   both held in Essen  GermanyCongress of the Medical-Scientific Advisory Committee of the German Society for Myopathic Patients (DGM)  followed by a patient Day on March 25   both held in Essen  Germany March 24th: Spring 2023 meeting of the British Peripheral Nerve Society (BPNS) in Winchester  UKPARIS  France  March 20th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its support to the organization and participation in two events dedicated to neuromuscular disorders in Europe: 26th Congress of the Medical-Scientific Advisory Committee of the German Society for Myopathic Patients (DGM) on March 22-25 to be held in Essen  Germany  and the Spring 2023 meeting of the British Peripheral Nerve Society (BPNS) on March 24th in Winchester  United Kingdom.The DGM congress aims at gathering all healthcare professionals involved in diagnosis  treatment and care of neuromuscular disorders to exchange on the newest development in this field.This biannual meeting also holds a live patient day to offer specific support for patient advocacy groups and provide lively discussions between patients and medical specialists.Our representative in Germany  Udo Werner  will be hosting a Pharnext booth throughout the congress.You can access to the German-only website of the event here: www.dgm-kongress.deThe BPNS Sring meeting aims at bringing together physicians and scientists interested in peripheral nerve diseases in the UK  in order to share information and resources  to improve the management of and research into peripheral nerve diseases.Our representative in the UK  Roger Rolph  will be hosting a Pharnext booth throughout the congress.More information on this medical education event is available here: www.bpns.org.ukPharnext is pleased to support and participate in both congresses in Europe dealing with diseases of the peripheral nervous system resulting in neuromuscular disorders  as its lead candidate  PXT3003  is in pivotal Phase III clinical development.in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a debilitating  inherited progressive and chronic peripheral neuropathy. Both meetings will provide an opportunity to combine the clinical updates and latest scientific information on neuromuscular diseases.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 5 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing with 387 CMT1A patients enrolled. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400BV89).ContactsRelations Presse FinancièreACTUS finance & communicationDéborah Schwarzdschwartz@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 35 Relation InvestisseursACTUS finance & communicationJérôme Fabreguettes Leibpharnext@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 78This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lGxvlcqXk5fGnppwlsaYZ2KXZ2xnw2WdlpWak2hxYsmcaG2UlG1lmZnGZnBpnmtq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78964-2023.03.20_dgm-bpns_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.85,0.13,mixed,0.29,0.25,0.46,True,English,"['two congresses', 'Neuromuscular Disorders', 'Pharnext Sa', 'Europe', 'Contacts Relations Presse Financière', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pivotal Phase III clinical development', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'high unmet medical need', 'British Peripheral Nerve Society', 'The BPNS Sring meeting', 'open-label extension study', 'Déborah Schwarz', 'peripheral nervous system', 'Medical-Scientific Advisory Committee', 'debilitating, inherited progressive', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'Euronext Growth market', 'original press release', 'peripheral nerve diseases', 'chronic peripheral neuropathy', 'patient advocacy groups', 'other risk factors', 'next press releases', 'total trial time', 'medical education event', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'live patient day', 'latest scientific information', 'PREMIER topline results', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'The DGM congress', 'clinical updates', 'medical specialists', 'other releases', 'PREMIER trial', 'German Society', 'newest development', 'Spring 2023 meeting', 'biannual meeting', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'neuromuscular diseases', 'novel therapeutics', 'two events', 'neuromuscular disorders', 'United Kingdom', 'healthcare professionals', 'lively discussions', 'Udo Werner', 'Roger Rolph', 'lead candidate', 'novel therapies', 'drug candidate', 'drug status', 'United States', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'ISIN code', 'Relation Investisseurs', 'More information', 'Regulated information', '26 th Congress', 'Myopathic Patients', '26th Congress', 'specific support', 'financial reports', 'ACTUS finance', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'Pharnext SCA', 'Pharnext booth', '387 CMT1A patients', '120 patients', 'March', 'Essen', 'Germany', 'Winchester', 'UK', 'PARIS', 'France', 'ALPHA', 'organization', 'participation', 'Europe', 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'field', 'representative', 'website', 'dgm-kongress', 'physicians', 'scientists', 'resources', 'management', 'research', 'congresses', 'meetings', 'opportunity', 'class', 'encouraging', 'safety', 'efficacy', '5 years', 'Q4', 'attention', 'investors', 'communication', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '08:30']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630720/0/en/BIC-Change-in-Board-Composition-Appointment-proposal-of-Carole-Callebaut-Piwnica-as-independent-director.html,BIC: Change in Board Composition - Appointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnica as independent director,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                          Change in Board CompositionAppointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnicaas independent director  ...,"English FrenchFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEChange in Board CompositionAppointment proposal of Carole Callebaut Piwnicaas independent directorClichy  France – March 20th  2023 - Ahead of the next Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16  2023  and following the resignation of Elizabeth Bastoni from her position as independent director  the Board of Directors of Société BIC held on March 17  2023  unanimously decided to propose the appointment of Carole Callebaut Piwnica as independent director  on the recommendation of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee.Carole Callebaut Piwnica  a citizen of Belgium  is 65 years old. She holds a law degree from the University of Brussels and a Master of Laws degree from New York University. She was a member of the New York and Paris bars. She began her career in New York at Proskauer Rose and joined the M&A department of Shearman & Sterling in Paris. She worked for 15 years in the agri-food processing industry and served as Chairman of the Amylum Group (Belgium  ingredients) and as director and vice-chairman of Tate and Lyle (UK  sugar and ingredients). She has also been an independent director of several international listed companies including Sanofi (France  pharmaceuticals)  Eutelsat (France  satellites)  Dairy Crest (UK  milk and cheese)  and Aviva (UK  insurance). In 2006  she founded the private equity fund Naxos Capital Partners (Luxembourg)  of which she was Managing Partner and was a director of its portfolio companies  including Big Red (US  soft drinks) and Amyris (US  ingredients and beauty). She is currently an independent director on the Supervisory Board of Rothschild & Co.Subject to the vote of the Shareholders' Meeting on May 16  2023  the Board of Directors has also recommended that Carole Callebaut Piwnica be appointed as Chair of the Remuneration Committee as well as a member of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee.Subject to the same conditions  Candace Matthews would be appointed Chair of the Nominations  Governance  and CSR Committee  in addition to her current position as member of the Audit Committee.Nikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board  said ""I am delighted that the Board has decided to propose the appointment of Carole Callebaut Piwnica. Her M&A expertise  as well as her multiple experiences as a director of international companies and her membership of several Remuneration committees  will be valuable assets for Société BIC's Board of Directors”.***ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaInvestor Relations Senior Managermichele.ventura@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Carole Callebaut Piwnica', 'Board Composition', 'Appointment proposal', 'independent director', 'BIC', 'Change', 'Michèle Ventura Investor Relations Senior Manager', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'several international listed companies', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'Carole Callebaut Piwnica', 'M&A department', 'agri-food processing industry', 'private equity fund', 'Naxos Capital Partners', 'M&A expertise', 'several Remuneration committees', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Société BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'New York University', 'international companies', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'BIC products', 'portfolio companies', '1st Quarter', 'English French', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'CSR Committee', 'law degree', 'Laws degree', 'Proskauer Rose', 'Amylum Group', 'Dairy Crest', 'Managing Partner', 'Big Red', 'soft drinks', 'same conditions', 'Candace Matthews', 'Audit Committee', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'multiple experiences', 'valuable assets', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'sustainable development', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'Paris bars', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent director', 'current position', 'world leader', 'Appointment proposal', 'Board Composition', 'Supervisory Board', 'Change', 'Clichy', 'France', 'March', 'May', 'resignation', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'Nominations', 'Governance', 'citizen', 'Belgium', 'Brussels', 'Master', 'member', 'career', 'Shearman', 'Sterling', '15 years', 'Chairman', 'ingredients', 'Tate', 'Lyle', 'UK', 'sugar', 'Sanofi', 'pharmaceuticals', 'Eutelsat', 'satellites', 'milk', 'cheese', 'Aviva', 'insurance', 'Luxembourg', 'Amyris', 'beauty', 'Rothschild', 'vote', 'addition', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', 'July', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-N-v-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43293737/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com)   March 20  2023 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 …,(Italy)  March 20  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 13/03/2023 4 550 243.2824 1 106 934.92 5 722 260.7008 1 491 729.98 1 393 358.84 10 272 243.4087 2 500 293.76 14/03/2023 4 555 243.1775 1 107 673.51 5 459 262.1779 1 431 229.16 1 332 987.94 10 014 243.7249 2 440 661.45 15/03/2023 4 575 242.0282 1 107 279.02 6 283 255.5398 1 605 556.56 1 521 998.83 10 858 242.1512 2 629 277.85 16/03/2023 4 530 244.3575 1 106 939.48 - - - - 4 530 244.3575 1 106 939.48 17/03/2023 4 500 246.3671 1 108 651.95 5 131 258.9369 1 328 605.23 1 250 687.41 9 631 244.9735 2 359 339.36 22 710 243.8344 5 537 478.88 22 595 259.2220 5 857 120.93 5 499 033.02 45 305 243.6047 11 036 511.90 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till March 17  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 84 705 847.64 for No. 374 358 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 22 150 535.52 (Euro 20 868 549.48*) for No. 91 310 common shares purchased on the NYSE.On March 15  2023  in the Ferrari Group employees’ granting share process  the Company assigned No. 80 305 common shares held in treasury. On the same day Ferrari purchased  in a “cross order” transaction executed on the EXM  No. 34 671 common shares in order to cover individual's taxable income as standard practice (Sell to Cover) at the average price of Euro 243.6708 per share.As of March 17  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 247 663 common shares equal to 4.77% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until March 17  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 274 076 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 264 748 387.14.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs )._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Questo messaggio è da intendersi esclusivamente ad uso del destinatario e può contenere informazioni che sono di natura privilegiata  confidenziale o non divulgabile secondo le leggi vigenti. Se il lettore del presente messaggio non è il destinatario designato  o il dipendente/agente responsabile per la consegna del messaggio al destinatario designato  si informa che ogni disseminazione  distribuzione o copiatura di questa comunicazione è vietata anche ai sensi della normativa vigente in materia di protezione dei dati personali. Se avete ricevuto questo messaggio per errore  vi preghiamo di notificarcelo immediatamente a mezzo e-mail di risposta e successivamente di procedere alla cancellazione di questa e-mail e relativi allegati dal vostro sistema._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________This message is intended only for the use of the addressee and may contain information that is privileged  confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient  or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient  you are hereby notified that any dissemination  distribution or copying of this communication is prohibited under the applicable data protection law. If you have received this e-mail by mistake  please notify us immediately by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and all attachments from your system._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Ferrari Group employees’ granting share process', 'Euro 200 million share buyback program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'applicable data protection law', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', 'special voting shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'cross order” transaction', 'additional common shares', 'No. 374,358 common shares', 'No. 91,310 common shares', 'No. 80,305 common shares', 'applicable law', 'share capital', '34,671 common shares', '247,663 common shares', 'same day', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'taxable income', 'standard practice', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'dati personali', 'relativi allegati', 'intended recipient', 'treasury No.', 'total consideration', 'presente messaggio', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'March', 'individual', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'uso', 'destinatario', 'informazioni', 'natura', 'leggi', 'lettore', 'dipendente', 'agente', 'consegna', 'disseminazione', 'distribuzione', 'copiatura', 'comunicazione', 'normativa', 'materia', 'protezione', 'errore', 'mezzo', 'mail', 'risposta', 'cancellazione', 'sistema', 'message', 'use', 'addressee', 'information', 'reader', 'dissemination', 'distribution', 'copying', 'communication', 'mistake', 'attachments', 'system', '1,274,076']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43287982/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.3847 £ 23.2781 Estimated MTD return -3.30 % -3.23 % Estimated YTD return -4.99 % -4.70 % Estimated ITD return 163.85 % 132.78 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -15.10 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.38 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 231.6866 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 124.2100The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43287986/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                        BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.3847 £ 23.2781 Estimated MTD return -3.30 % -3.23 % Estimated YTD return -4.99 % -4.70 % Estimated ITD return 163.85 % 132.78 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -15.10 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.38 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 231.6866 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 124.2100The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RANDSTAD-N-V-6432/news/Randstad-N-Survey-Suggests-Talent-Attraction-and-Retention-Still-Hinge-on-the-Employer-43295035/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Randstad N : Survey Suggests Talent Attraction and Retention Still Hinge on the Employer,(marketscreener.com)  randstad's workmonitor report highlights security  flexibility  strong values and financial stability as top employee wants    ATLANTA - March 20  2023 - For the past two decades  Randstad has served as the voice of the global workfo…,"randstad's workmonitor report highlights security  flexibility  strong values and financial stability as top employee wantsATLANTA - March 20  2023 - For the past two decades  Randstad has served as the voice of the global workforce with its Workmonitor research. Through this comprehensive study  Randstad has captured the sentiment of working people regarding what they want and expect from their employers and also how willing they are to ask for it. The 2023 report suggests that job security  flexibility  strong values and financially stable employment are top of mind for employees across the globe.These findings come on the heels of 2022 - a year in which the job market was dominated by the worker - and reveal that recruiting great talent requires more than just competitive pay and benefits.""This year's Workmonitor findings show that workers want the whole package from their employers "" said Traci Fiatte  CEO of Randstad North America. ""The onus is on employers to meet these expectations if they wish to attract and retain the best talent.""Specific themes from the report include:Security- Job security is now at the forefront of workers' minds  with over a third of global respondents expressing worry about losing their jobs. The cost of living crisis is also causing concern for workers  resulting in some taking on new roles or more hours to ensure their stability in the current economic climate.In the U.S.  over a quarter (26.5%) of respondents said they were worried about losing their jobs. That number rose to 36.6% globally. Economic uncertainty is a significant driver of this sentiment  with 42.5% of U.S. respondents and 52.1% of global respondents concerned about the impact of the economy on their job security. That said  more than half of respondents (56% in the U.S. and 50.4% globally) feel confident that if they were to lose their job  they could find a new one quickly.Flexibility- Despite macroeconomic uncertainty  workers are still feeling empowered to prioritize work-life balance and flexibility. Many have made the decision to quit a job if it was negatively affecting their lives.Similar to last year  flexibility continued to be at the top of employees' minds as most respondents consider flexible working hours important (82.5% in the U.S. and 82.9% globally) as well as flexibility in terms of location (73.9% in the U.S. and 71% globally). However  only 62.4% of U.S. respondents agreed their job provides flexibility in terms of working hours (56.5% globally).Values- Alongside worries about job security and the cost-of-living crisis  belonging remains high on the agenda for talent. Workers are still demanding that their employers' values and purpose align with their own and that they feel like they belong in their workplace.Alongside a sense of purpose in individual jobs  an employer's values and purpose was noted as important for 78.1% of U.S. respondents (77.1% globally). Over 78.2% of U.S. respondents agreed that their employer's values and purpose aligned with their own (72.7% globally). Additionally  in the U.S. respondents increasingly noted their job gives them a sense of purpose with 60.8% agreement (57.2% globally).Financially Stable Employment- Workers also expect employers to help them through the current cost of living crisis  whether that's through increased salaries  subsidies or monthly pay boosts. The pandemic has left a lasting legacy on workers' demands for flexibility  which remains a key priority for 2023.As the economic landscape continues to change  43.1% of U.S. respondents are looking for an increase in salary outside of the usual cadence (38.6% globally). With hybrid working as the new norm  respondents are looking for a monthly cost of living pay boost (36.2% in the U.S. and 40.9% globally) and subsidies for the cost of energy  travel or other daily expenses (18.3% in the U.S. and 28.3% globally).These results come from the global Randstad Workmonitor 2023  an annual report that surveys over 35 000 workers between the ages of 18 and 67 across 34 different markets.For more details on the voice of the global worker  download your copy of the Workmonitor report here.About the Randstad WorkmonitorThe Randstad Workmonitor was launched in 2003 and now covers 34 markets around the world. The study encompasses Europe  Asia Pacific and the Americas. The study is conducted online among people aged 18-67  employed for at least 24 hours per week (minimum 90%) or sole trader or unemployed but considering looking for a job in the future. Minimum sample size is 500 interviews per market. The Dynata panel is used for sampling purposes.This survey was conducted between October 18th - October 30th  2022 in Argentina  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  Chile  China  Czech Republic  Denmark  France  Germany  Greece  Hong Kong SAR  Hungary  India  Italy  Japan  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Mexico  the Netherlands  New Zealand  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Turkey  the United Kingdom and the United States of America.About RandstadRandstad North America  Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Randstad N.V.  theworld's largest talent company and a partner of choice to clients. We are committed to providing equitable opportunities to people from all backgrounds and helping them remain relevant in the rapidly changing world of work. We have a deep understanding of the labor market and help our clients to create the high-quality  diverse and agile workforces they need to succeed.Randstad was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Diemen  the Netherlands. In 2022  in our 39 markets  we helped more than 2 million people find a job that feels good and advised over 230 000 clients on their talent needs. We generated revenue of €27.6 billion. Randstad N.V. is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  see www.randstad.comRandstad's North American operations comprise 7 100 associates and a deployed workforce of 91 100 in the U.S. and Canada. In addition to staffing and recruitment  Randstad offers outsourcing  consulting and workforce management solutions for generalist and specialist disciplines  including technology  engineering  accounting and finance  clinical and non-clinical healthcare  human resources  legal  life sciences  manufacturing and logistics  office and administration and sales and marketing. Global concepts available to North American client companies include RPO  MSP  integrated talent solutions  payrolling and independent contractor management and career transition services. Learn more at www.randstadusa.comor www.randstad.ca.Media contacts:Kiara Reynolds-Westry678.624.2472kiara.reynolds-westry@randstadusa.com",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.1,0.65,True,English,"['Randstad N', 'Talent Attraction', 'Survey', 'Retention', 'Employer', 'past two decades', 'other daily expenses', 'Hong Kong SAR', 'The Dynata panel', 'monthly pay boosts', 'Minimum sample size', 'living pay boost', 'current economic climate', 'U.S. respondents', 'flexible working hours', 'Randstad North America', 'The Randstad Workmonitor', 'Stable Employment- Workers', 'Security- Job security', 'global Randstad Workmonitor', 'competitive pay', 'The 2023 report', 'global respondents', 'Economic uncertainty', 'economic landscape', 'Workmonitor research', 'living crisis', 'most respondents', 'global workforce', 'workmonitor report', 'Traci Fiatte', 'Specific themes', 'new roles', 'significant driver', 'new one', 'work-life balance', 'lasting legacy', 'key priority', 'usual cadence', 'new norm', 'Asia Pacific', 'sole trader', 'sampling purposes', 'Czech Republic', 'New Zealand', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'current cost', 'monthly cost', 'working people', 'annual report', 'Workmonitor findings', 'global worker', 'great talent', 'best talent', 'strong values', 'financial stability', 'top employee', 'last year', '34 different markets', ""workers' demands"", 'comprehensive study', 'individual jobs', 'job market', ""employers' values"", '24 hours', '34 markets', '35,000 workers', 'flexibility', 'ATLANTA', 'March', 'voice', 'sentiment', 'mind', 'employees', 'globe', 'heels', 'benefits', 'package', 'CEO', 'onus', 'expectations', 'forefront', 'third', 'worry', 'concern', 'quarter', 'number', 'impact', 'economy', 'half', 'decision', 'lives', 'terms', 'location', 'worries', 'belonging', 'agenda', 'workplace', 'sense', '60.8% agreement', 'salaries', 'subsidies', 'pandemic', 'increase', 'salary', 'hybrid', 'energy', 'travel', 'results', 'ages', 'details', 'copy', 'world', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'week', 'future', '500 interviews', 'survey', 'October', 'Argentina', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Chile', 'China', 'Denmark', 'France', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Hungary', 'India', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Luxembourg', 'Malaysia', 'Mexico', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Turkey']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-us-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-301776317.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,LONDON  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2022 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing …,LONDON  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2022 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners [email protected] U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. tax rules', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', '15 April tax return deadline', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'U.S. persons', 'Investor Relations department', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'U.K.', 'investment manager', '2022 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'confidential information', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,prnewswire.com
20912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STREAMWIDE-382968/news/Streamwide-FURTHER-YEAR-OF-PROFITABLE-GROWTH-SUPPORTED-BY-A-STRONG-SECOND-HALF-43293976/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,Streamwide :  FURTHER YEAR OF PROFITABLE GROWTH SUPPORTED BY A STRONG SECOND HALF,(marketscreener.com)  FURTHER YEAR OF PROFITABLE GROWTH SUPPORTED BY A STRONG SECOND HALF _ 2022 REVENUES: €17.6m EBITDA: €9.7m EBIT: €4.4m NET INCOME: €3.7m NET CASH: €8.5m _ STREAMWIDE   the expert in critical business and communications softw…,"FURTHER YEAR OF PROFITABLE GROWTH SUPPORTED BY A STRONG SECOND HALF_ 2022 REVENUES: €17.6m (+5%)EBITDA: €9.7m (margin 55%)EBIT: €4.4m (margin 25%)NET INCOME: €3.7m (margin 21%)NET CASH: €8.5m (up €3.1m)_ STREAMWIDE (FR0010528059 – ALSTW – eligible for the French PEA PME)  the expert in critical business and communications software solutions  today announces a further year of profitable growth driven by a strong second half  revenue from the team on mission and team on the run communications solutions (“platforms”) and efficient cost control.SUMMARY IFRS INCOME STATEMENT (**)in K€ FY 2022 %Rev FY 2021 %Rev Var. (K€) Var. (%) Revenues ""Platforms"" 12 339 70% 10 971 66% 1 368 12% Revenues ""Legacy"" 5 268 30% 5 751 34% -483 -8% TOTAL REVENUES 17 607 16 722 885 5% Payroll expenses -6 399 36% -5 909 35% -490 8% G&A and external expenses -2 296 13% -2 171 13% -125 6% Other expenses / products 811 -5% 723 -4% 88 12% TOTAL EXPENSES before amortisation -7 884 -7 356 -528 7% EBITDA (*) 9 723 55% 9 366 56% 357 4% Amortisation -5 341 -4 456 -885 20% EBIT (**) 4 382 25% 4 910 29% -528 -11% Other ope. expenses / products -2 3 -2 Financial expenses / products 4 244 -240 Fiscal expenses / products -985 -1 060 75 NET RESULTS 3 399 19% 4 097 25% -698 -17%-(*) EBITDA (EBIT before depreciation and amortisation) is the difference between operating income and operating expenses before depreciation  amortisation and impairment.-EBIT includes depreciation  amortisation and impairment.-(**) The full-year consolidated financial statements are currently being audited._ PROFITABLE GROWTH WITH CONTINUED HIGH OPERATING MARGINSEBITDA: €9.7m (55% of revenues)2022 revenue growth (up €0.9m or 5%) was driven by the increase in sales of critical communications and critical activities solutions (up €1.4 million or 12%)  which now account for 70% (up 4 percentage points) of the Group's full-year revenue. This growth was fuelled by the on-going deployment of the PCSTORM project  as well as new contracts and projects deployed among French government agencies and private companies. The partnership with Airbus Secure Land Communications continued to generate significant revenue  albeit down €0.4 million versus 2021.This growth had a direct positive impact on EBITDA  which came to €9.7 million (up €0.4 million)  representing 55% of full-year revenue.Operating expenses increased by 7% to €7.9 million  up from €7.4 million in 2021. The €0.5 million increase (less than the increase in revenues of 0.9 M€) was mainly due to the €0.5 million “net” increase in payroll. While payroll increased in the first half (up €0.6 million  including €0.3 million in non-recurring items)  it fell €0.1 million in the second half  demonstrating the Group's ability to consistently tailor its workforce and resources to business requirements (193 employees at 2022 year-end versus 213 the previous year). The departure of the CTO made it possible to streamline the technical department and increase its efficiency. External expenses were also kept under control  up €0.1 million mainly due to increased marketing and travel costs compared to the pandemic period.EBIT: €4.4m (25% margin)Net income: €3.4m (19% margin)The €0.9 million increase in depreciation and amortisation is due to (i) a €0.7 million increase in amortised development costs and (ii) the revaluation of the new lease on the Group's Paris premises  which resulted in a €0.2 million increase in the right-of-use asset depreciation expense.After depreciation and amortisation (€5.3 million  including €4.1 million in amortised development costs)  EBIT amounted to €4.4 million  down €0.5 million  and represented 25% of 2022 full-year revenue versus 14% of first half revenue.After non-material financial items (provision of a security deposit offsetting the impact of currency gains for the period) and a €1 million net tax charge mainly arising from the deferred tax impact of the capitalisation of development costs  net income came to €3.4 million  down €0.7 million versus 2021. This generated a net margin of 19%  up from 13% in H1 2022._ REINFORCED CASH POSITION AND FINANCIAL STRUCTUREThe balance sheet total was €38.9 million  up from €34.3 million at 31 December 2021 (see appendix below). The Group's financial structure was further strengthened at 31 December 2022 with shareholders' equity up €2.6 million to €21.1 million and a healthy net cash balance of €8.5 million (excluding lease liabilities). Gross cash and cash equivalents amounted to €11.3 million at 31 December 2022  up €3.1 million (see appendix below) versus 31 December 2021.Operating cash flow amounted to €9.3 million (including the impact of a €0.7 million IFRS 16 reclassification between operating and financing cash flows) and increased €2 million over 2021  mainly due to tight management of working capital  which decreased over the period. Gross operating cash flow remained stable and positive (€8.8 million). Cash flow from investing activities (€7.1 million  up €0.9 million) mainly includes recurring product development costs (€5.5 million partly financed by €2.1 million of research tax credit refunds in 2022 for 2020 and 2021) and the gross revaluation of the Paris lease (€2.6 million) and the renovation of offices carried out (€0.8 million). Lastly  cash flow from financing activities was positive at €0.9 million following (i) changes in borrowings (new €0.5 million works loan  final bond redemption and initial repayments of state-guaranteed loans)  (ii) the increase in lease liabilities (€2 million IFRS 16 impact) and (iii) the purchase of treasury shares in 2022 (€1.2 million net outflow).Post closing  in March 2023  the Group secured total financing of €7.5 million via a bond issue supplemented by bank financing with Delta AM and La Banque Postale. Thanks to the trust of this new investor and bank partner  the Group has strengthened its cash position and now has additional reserves to finance growth and development projects. This global financing deal was closed under attractive market conditions  despite the challenging environment  and demonstrates investors' interest in the Group and its robust business model. The bond issue is also subject to CSR commitments  thereby confirming the Group's determination to improve its non-financial transparency. In this transaction  the Group was assisted by TP ICAP Midcap  acting as financial adviser and arranger  and by Eversheds Sutherland law firm acting as legal adviser._ 2023 OUTLOOK: MARKET STRUCTURING AND TECHNOLOGICAL EDGE CONFIRMEDAs announced in February's 2022 revenue release  2022 performance was driven by a solid second half that generated strong operating margins up sharply compared to the first half  following a reduction in personnel costs in the second half of the year.While current 2023 full-year revenue projections are satisfactory  the level of growth versus 2022 is not yet certain. However  the Group has already demonstrated its ability to effectively adapt its cost structure to market constraints  in particular to the length of the market's characteristic sales cycles. Controlling and financing costs will remain a priority over the coming months.Furthermore  several major projects could materialise in 2023 as the final bids are submitted to the various calls for tenders underway  particularly in Southern Europe. The Group is involved in all these tenders through various consortia led by industry manufacturers  integrators and new generation network operators (LTE  4G/5G). The Group's involvement in virtually all on-going critical communications projects confirms the quality and technological edge of its proposed solution (team on mission). The platform technology developed by the Group has become a must for most major players in the sector.The Group currently has the financial and human resources to maintain and further increase the technological lead of its solutions and to support changes in the MCx market in order to capitalise on its certain future growth.Meanwhile  the Group will continue to invest in the deployment and development of team on the run. The new modules added in 2022 (Field Service Management - FSM - and Geofencing  i.e. virtual physical barriers and the associated alert system) further enhance an already functionally rich solution in a secure  scalable and sovereign technical architecture. The integrated collaborative suite  advanced telephony features  SDKs and the various APIs available bring real operational value to the solution  thereby freeing it from the current technical and organisational constraints. New business partnerships  particularly in the United States  are showing promise and could pave the way for major deployments of the Group's technology (platforms) in North and South America.Lastly  the legacy business is expected to remain stable in 2023  although several platform migration projects could generate a slight increase in business.The Group is therefore still aiming to maintain profitable growth momentum and secure the means to achieve this. The financing obtained in March 2023 will enable the Group to continue developing its solutions and further extend its technological lead. This will also lessen the Group's exposure to the time variable and to the changing pace of the adoption and spread of new critical business and communications technologies. The platform technology developed and offered by the Group should therefore soon be recognized at its fair value.Appendixes__________________________________________________________________________________Consolidated financial position at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021in K€ 31-Dec-22 31-Dec-21 Intangible assets 13 938 12 452 Tangible assets 4 083 1 750 Other financial assets 468 495 Deferred tax assets 75 72 NON CURRENT ASSETS 18 564 14 769 Receivables 6 704 7 677 Other receivables 1 144 1 561 Other financial assets 1 193 2 114 Cash and cash equivalent 11 341 8 200 CURRENT ASSETS 20 382 19 552 TOTAL ASSETS 38 946 34 321 Capital 305 305 Paid in capital 9 894 9 819 Consolidated reserves 10 361 7 811 Self owned shares -2 814 -3 556 Net Result Group share 3 399 4 097 Non controlling interests - - TOTAL EQUITY 21 146 18 476 Financial liabilities 2 141 2 365 Rental liabilities 2 591 511 Non current provisions 304 403 Deferred financial revenues 1 742 1 636 Deferred tax liabilities 1 608 1 114 NON CURRENT LIABILITIES 8 384 6 028 Financial liabilities 682 426 Rental liabilities 407 441 Current provisions 0 1 Payables 719 1 075 Social and fiscal debts 2 588 3 340 Deferred fiscal products 871 818 Deferred revenues 4 147 3 715 CURRENT LIABILITIES 9 415 9 817 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 38 945 34 321Consolidated cash-flow 2022 and 2021in K€ FY 2022 FY 2021 Var. Consolidated net result 3 399 4 097 -698 Capacity of self financing before cost of debt and taxes 8 793 8 938 -145 -Variation of working capital -534 1 647 -2 181 Net operating cash flow 9 327 7 291 2 036 Change in fixed assets -9 134 -6 174 -2 960 Change in other cash flow linked to investment operations (CIR) 2 065 - 2 065 Net investing cash flow -7 069 -6 174 -895 Net financing cash flow 883 -2 453 3 336 Cash variation 3 141 -1 336 4 477 Cash at the end of the period 11 341 8 200 3 141Next financial release: H1 2023 revenue  Monday  17 July 2023_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________About STREAMWIDE (Euronext Growth: ALSTW)A major player for 20 years in the critical communications market  STREAMWIDE has successfully developed its Team on mission (mission critical) and Team on the run (business critical) software solutions for administrations and businesses. These solutions for smartphones and PCs  offered in a SaaS model or on Premise  benefit from numerous functionalities such as the multimedia group discussions  VoIP  push-to-talk (MCPTT and MCx new generation 4G / 5G LTE)  geolocation  digitization and automation of business processes. These innovative solutions meet the growing needs for digital transformation and real-time coordination of interventions. They allow field teams to transform individual contributions into collective successes and to act as one in the most demanding professional environments.STREAMWIDE is also present on the Value-Added Services software market for telecom operators (visual voice messaging  billing and charging of calls in real time  interactive voice servers  applications and announcements) with more than 130 million end users all over the world.Based in France and present in Europe  USA  Asia and Africa  STREAMWIDE is listed on Euronext Growth (Paris) – ALSTW FR0010528059.For more information  http://www.streamwide.com and visit our LinkedIn pages @streamwide and Twitter @streamwide .ContactsPascal Beglin | Olivier Truelle Grégoire Saint-Marc Amaury Dugast CEO | CFO Investor Relations Press Relations T +33 1 70 22 01 01 T +33 1 53 67 36 94 T +33 1 53 67 36 34 investisseur@streamwide.com streamwide@actus.fr adugast@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mWlvZZdvZmzIlZ9qYZhrbZJlm26TlpaWbpaex5edacfJZ2xomW+TapaZZnBpnmxq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78974-cp-sw-sa-_-resultats-fy22-_-20032023-uk-web.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",positive,0.63,0.34,0.04,mixed,0.39,0.18,0.42,True,English,"['STRONG SECOND HALF', 'FURTHER YEAR', 'PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'Airbus Secure Land Communications', 'CONTINUED HIGH OPERATING MARGINS', 'SUMMARY IFRS INCOME STATEMENT', 'recurring product development costs', 'full-year consolidated financial statements', '€1 million net tax charge', 'healthy net cash balance', 'Gross operating cash flow', '€0.7 million IFRS 16 reclassification', 'French PEA PME', 'communications software solutions', 'run communications solutions', 'French government agencies', 'balance sheet total', 'REINFORCED CASH POSITION', 'financing cash flows', 'deferred tax impact', 'amortised development costs', 'STRONG SECOND HALF', 'non-material financial items', 'efficient cost control', 'direct positive impact', 'critical activities solutions', 'asset depreciation expense', '€0.5 million “net” increase', 'first half revenue', 'Gross cash', 'critical communications', 'Net income', 'operating income', 'travel costs', 'FINANCIAL STRUCTURE', 'cash equivalents', 'Financial expenses', 'full-year revenue', 'non-recurring items', 'investing activities', '€0.5 million increase', '€0.9 million increase', '€0.7 million increase', '€0.2 million increase', 'critical business', 'operating expenses', 'TOTAL EXPENSES', 'net margin', 'G&A', 'Other ope', '4 percentage points', 'going deployment', 'PCSTORM project', 'new contracts', 'private companies', 'significant revenue', 'business requirements', 'technical department', 'new lease', 'Paris premises', 'security deposit', 'currency gains', ""shareholders' equity"", 'lease liabilities', 'tight management', 'working capital', 'external expenses', 'Other expenses', 'Fiscal expenses', 'FURTHER YEAR', 'PROFITABLE GROWTH', '2022 revenue growth', 'previous year', 'TOTAL REVENUES', 'pandemic period', 'The Group', 'Payroll expenses', 'K€ FY', '5% margin', 'EBITDA', 'ALSTW', 'expert', 'team', 'mission', 'platforms', 'Var', 'Legacy', 'products', 'amortisation', 'RESULTS', 'difference', 'impairment', 'sales', 'projects', 'partnership', 'ability', 'workforce', 'resources', 'departure', 'CTO', 'efficiency', 'marketing', 'revaluation', 'right', 'use', 'provision', 'capitalisation', 'H1', '31 December', 'appendix']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/20/2630793/0/en/CROSSJECT-2022-Annual-Results.html,CROSSJECT - 2022 Annual Results,Press release  2022 annual resultsA year of major developmentsSubstantial increase in operating income  Dijon  20 March 2023  8.00 p.m.  CROSSJECT...,French EnglishPress release2022 annual resultsA year of major developmentsSubstantial increase in operating incomeDijon  20 March 2023  8.00 p.m.CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drugs for use in emergency situations (epilepsy  allergic shock  overdose  asthma attack  adrenal insufficiency  etc.)  presents its annual results for 2022.“In 2022  Crossject experienced a truly unprecedented year in its history. The growth embedded in contracts signed to date offers unique visibility and marks the turning point we have been waiting for. Optimising our resources to support Crossject’s ramp-up is now our priority  along the lines of the non-dilutive financing we have implemented. Thanks to the efforts of all our teams and the support of our shareholders  especially Gemmes Venture  a major shareholder from the early days  the Crossject story is only just beginning. The momentum for success is there and our teams are more motivated than ever to make us a key player in the pharma sector. Lastly  I would like to thank our investor and shareholder Vester Finance  which hs managed its bonds with great care in a long-term perspective.”Patrick Alexandre – Chairman of the Management BoardWith its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency medication. Crossject is a human-sized company working out of two sites (Dijon and Gray) and covering a wide range of activities  from the design/development of medicines to the preparation of their marketing and their manufacture.After 20 years of research and development  Crossject has achieved major clinical  industrial and commercial milestones in the last two years  laying solid foundations for its future.Emergency situationsCrossject specialises in pre-hospital emergencies. Patients diagnosed at risk of life-threatening seizures can get a prescription for their emergency dose from their doctor  fill the prescription in a pharmacy and then carry it with them at all times.People are generally not in a medical environment when they have seizures  so they either have to inject the emergency dose themselves or have it done by a member of their family  who is not a health professional. That is where our ZENEO® needle-free injector comes in. ZENEO® is pre-filled and single-use  very easy to understand and extremely safe to use. The ergonomics of our system owe much to cooperation with patient associations for several indications  and has been validated by more than 1 000 people in total on countless occasions. In most cases  an injection can be performed in under a minute  even in stressful situations or by someone unfamiliar with ZENEO®. In the latest “human factors” study in the United States ( see press release of 12 September 2022 )  an exceptional proportion of 99.6% of people successfully completed the injection.In addition  thanks to its ability to inject the dose in less than a tenth of a second (compared with several seconds for most conventional systems)  ZENEO® eliminates most of the risks of misuse.Efficacy of ZENEO®ZENEO® has a long history of proven efficacy and flexibility  with more than 10 clinical studies under its belt  including a 2014 bioequivalence study in combination with subcutaneous methotrexate.However  in most emergency situations  such as epilepsy or allergic shock  it is preferable to administer the drug by intramuscular injection  potentially through clothing. ZENEO® has recently demonstrated its ability to perform such injections (see our press release of 2 November 2022 announcing the positive readout of the ZENEO® Midazolam clinical study  developed for epileptic seizures). This makes Crossject the only company worldwide to offer a means of intramuscular injection (on bare skin or through clothing) in a fraction of a second.Crossject  developer of therapeutic solutionsCrossject is a developer of therapeutic solutions  working both on the ZENEO® medical device and on the combination of ZENEO® with a drug adapted to each therapeutic indication.As a company with ISO 13485 certification for the design  development  production and manufacture of a sterile single-use auto-injector (see our press release of 15 August 2022) and as a pharmaceutical company (see our press release of 16 November 2021)  Crossject is ideally positioned to develop innovative solutions.Marketing authorisation applications for the three priority indications (epilepsy  acute adrenal insufficiency  allergic shock) are scheduled to be submitted in 2024. However  the goal is still to file an Emergency Use Authorization application under the BARDA contract in 2023 (see below).It is important to note that Crossject used advanced reliability quantification techniques to develop ZENEO® in order to meet the FDA’s very demanding standards (at least 99.999% compliant injections  which is equivalent to less than ten mechanical failures per million injections).Crossject  manufacturerCrossject has a three-stage industrial chain for the manufacture of its medical devices. Upstream  the company subcontracts the manufacture of components to partners with the necessary expertise in plastic or metal injection  glass forming  elastomer moulding  etc. Crossject generally owns the specific tools  which are integrated into the partner’s industrial facilities.Downstream  Crossject sources its active ingredients from specialised chemical manufacturers and delivers them to a manufacturer specialised in the mixing and filling of sterile injectable liquid products (fill/finish). Crossject also supplies the manufacturer with a ready-to-fill kit consisting of two sub-assemblies: a sterile pharmaceutical sub-assembly  intended to receive the drug  prepared and shipped from Crossject’s Dijon site  and an actuator (the injector’s mechanical part)  assembled and shipped from Crossject’s Gray site.Crossject already has highly efficient industrial facilities; each piece of equipment has its own capacity  so the maximum capacity of the whole is determined by the slowest workstation; Crossject accordingly has production capacity of more than 500 000 ready-to-fill kits per year – capacity that is about to increase with the ongoing installation of new equipment recently delivered with the support of France Relance (press release of 10 March 2021).Crossject’s medium-term strategy is to grow its industrial capacity by removing bottlenecks as business needs change. The renovation of a 1000 sq.m. building on the Gray site (delivery scheduled before this summer) will allow Crossject to lift its capacity to more than 6 million units per year.MarketingCrossject initially chose to entrust the distribution of its products to pharmaceutical companies already established in the relevant geographies and therapeutic indications.The priority geographies are North America and Western Europe.Of the seven therapeutic indications in its portfolio  two are already covered by licensing agreements  namely acute adrenal insufficiency for North America (press release of 16 June 2021) and epilepsy for Germany (press release of 18 June 2019)  for which several milestones have been successfully achieved.A new indication could also be developed in partnership with an American laboratory (press release of 15 September 2022).Crossject’s epilepsy product is also the subject of a contract with BARDA (the US government agency that supports the research  development and manufacture of medical products for public health emergencies) (press release of 18 June 2022  contract no. 75A50122C00031). The total value of the contract – if all options are exercised – is $155 million and includes advanced regulatory development in the United States and the supply of products to the US Strategic National Stockpile  upon approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The aim is to start deliveries by the end of 2023  subject to obtaining Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) from the Food Drug Administration (FDA).Crossject  a committed companyIn recent years  Crossject has demonstrated its commitment on CSR questions  with a gender equality index reading above 90 for two consecutive years and a significant increase in its GAIA index from 15 to 60 in just three years. The company has also received a Responsible Care® award  demonstrating its commitment to transforming itself into a major player in the field of life-saving emergency medicines.Financial information as of 31 December 2022In line with the business plan  the strengthening of our financial base to support the very substantial acceleration of our development was a real success in 2022. The €22 million financial reinforcement came from several sources;BARDA invoicing: $1.8 million invoiced in 2022Free allocation of equity warrants to all shareholders: €2.8 millionCapital increase with preferential subscription rights: €4.09 millionExercise of warrants: €0.2 millionNew borrowings: at the end of the year we completed a major non-dilutive financial transaction of €14 million  with €4 million in loans granted in 2022. The transaction includes various loans granted by long-standing banks (Caisse d’Epargne and BNP)  Société Générale and BPI  with amortisation periods ranging from 5 to 10 years  and nearly 85% of the total available immediately.All OC1223 convertible bonds were converted during the year and 95.7% of the OC1224 convertible bonds were converted during the year  the balance being converted this day.In the year ended 31 December 2022  we recorded a very substantial increase in operating income to €9.7 million  an increase of 43%.It includes €0.95 million in revenue relating to milestones achieved during the year.€ thousand  as of 31 December 2022 2021 Operating income 9 718 6 772 Operating expenses -23 005 -18 594 Purchases of raw materials and supplies -498 -954 Other purchases and external expenses -8 116 -5 901 Personnel expenses -7 424 -6 183 Taxes and duties -176 -202 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions -6 358 -5 013 Other expenses -433 -342 Operating profit/(loss) -13 288 -11 823 Financial income/(expense) -319 -774 Exceptional income/(expense) 228 81 Corporate tax 2 222 1 818 Net profit/(loss) -11 157 -10 698 The financial statements for the six months to 31 December 2022 were approved by the members of the Management Board on 20 March 2023 and presented at the Supervisory Board meeting of 20 March 2023. They have been audited.In addition  capitalised production increased by 13% to €6.1 million as a result of ongoing research and development activities.During the year  Crossject maintained its focus on cost control. Operating expenses increased by just 24%  a very moderate rise in relation to that of operating income.Other purchases and external expenses amounted to €8.1 million  compared with €5.9 million in 2021  attributable notably to the progress of production work linked to the BARDA contract  the completion of various clinical studies and batches on several drugs in the portfolio and the costs inherent to the industrial ramp-up in the broad sense.At the end of 2022  Crossject had approximately 100 employees  a slight increase compared with the end of 2021. Personnel expenses amounted to €7.4 million in 2022  compared with €6.2 million in 2021  taking into account recruitments in 2022 aimed at obtaining more qualified skills better suited to our stage of development.The overall operating loss was €13.3 million  compared with a loss of €11.8 million in 2021.The Group recorded net financial expense of 0.3 million for 2022  compared with an expense of €0.9 million for 2021.After taking into account exceptional income of €0.2 million and a Research Tax Credit of €2.2 million  an increase of €0.4 million on 2021  the net loss for 2022 was €11.2 million.As of 31 December 2022  Crossject had cash of €8 million (€10 million at the end of 2021)  plus €6.2 million in non-dilutive financing announced at the end of the year and €3.8 million from the same plan  yet to be received  of which €2.0 million is conditional on obtaining Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) from the Food Drug Administration (FDA).In view of current contracts (and in particular monthly invoicing to BARDA) and the very clear visibility Crossject has acquired in recent months  the company is confident in its ability to find the necessary financing to continue its development.Contacts:CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Investor relationsAELIUMJérôme Gacoin +33 (0) 1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frPress relationsBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)6 12 52 53 15melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT • www.crossject.comCrossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014  and benefits from Bpifrance funding.APPENDICESIncome statement (in €k) 44561 44561 Change Revenue 954 912 42 Stored production 348 170 178 Capitalised production 6 5 383 -5 377 Subsidies 5 185 -180 Reversals of provisions and transfers of expenses 445 98 347 Other income 1 861 24 1 837 Operating income 3 619 6 772 -3 153 Purchases of raw materials and other supplies 1 002 1 143 -141 Change in inventory (raw materials and other supplies) -505 -189 -316 Other purchases and external expenses 8 115 5 901 2 214 Taxes and duties 177 202 -25 Personnel expenses 7 425 6 183 1 242 Depreciation  amortisation 5 263 4 490 773 Other provisions 1 095 523 572 Other expenses 433 342 91 Operating expenses 23 005 18 595 4 410 Operating profit/(loss) -19 386 -11 823 -7 563 Financial income/(expense) -319 -882 563 Exceptional income/(expense) 228 81 147 Research Tax Credit 2 222 1 818 404 NET PROFIT/(LOSS) -17 255 -10 806 -6 449BALANCE SHEET – ASSETS (in €k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 CHANGE FIXED ASSETS R&D 10 691 9123 1 568 Patents and trademarks 6 -6 Other intangible assets 11 -11 Land 89 89 0 Property  plant and equipment 5 085 4 631 454 Assets under construction 2 492 2 426 66 Financial assets 672 516 156 TOTAL FIXED ASSETS 19 029 16 802 2 227 CURRENT ASSETS Raw materials  other supplies 1 416 863 553 Work in process 588 503 85 Advances and prepayments received on orders in progress 345 294 51 Trade and related receivables 726 44 682 State and other receivables 2 450 1 931 519 Marketable securities 154 -154 Available cash 7 769 9 830 -2 061 Prepaid/deferred expenses 536 923 -387 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 13 830 14 542 -712 TOTAL ASSETS 32 859 31 344 1 515BALANCE SHEET – LIABILITIES (in €k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 CHANGE SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Capital 3652 2604 1048 Share premium 18312 6036 12276 Regulated reserve 0 0 0 Retained earnings -8786 -3980 -4806 Profit/(loss) for the year -11157 -10698 -459 Investment subsidies 665 665 0 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 2686 -5373 8059 Conditional advances 7476 7476 0 Provisions for contingencies and charges 1420 810 610 BORROWINGS AND DEBT Bonds 355 12587 -12232 Loans 11048 7946 3102 Miscellaneous 2722 2794 -72 Debts – Trade payables 3523 1961 1562 Total tax and social security liabilities 1833 1183 650 Debts on fixed assets 1764 2247 -483 Deferred income 32 0 32 TOTAL DEBT 21277 28718 -7441 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 32859 31631 1228HEADINGS 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Net profit/(loss) - 11 157.00 - 10 806.00 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions 5 705.00 5 078.00 Capital gains on disposal  net of tax 1 00 Other income and expenses calculated - 28.39 - 28.39 Cancellation of exceptional income on cancellation of debt Cash flow from operations -5 479.39 - 5 756 39 Change in working capital requirements 399.03 - 327 32 (1) Net cash generated by (used in) operating activities -5 080.36 - 6 083.71 Acquisition of fixed assets -6 778.69 - 6 732.62 (2) Net cash generated by (used in) investing activities -6 778.69 - 6 732 62 Capital increase 4 088.86 Exercise of warrants 3 003.17 Bonds - 13 066.09 Loans 4 000 00 - 6 123.84 Repayment of borrowings - 969.15 7 826.09 Subsidies - 716 13 Debts on fixed assets - 483.21 - 962 18 Repayable advances - (3) Net cash generated by (used in) financing activities 9 639.67 14 522.30 Change in cash and cash equivalents (1)+(2)+(3) -2 219.38 1 705.97 Opening cash position 9 983.07 8 277.11 Closing cash position 7 769.58 9 983.07Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.12,0.18,True,English,"['2022 Annual Results', 'CROSSJECT', 'advanced reliability quantification techniques', 'latest “human factors” study', 'Emergency Use Authorization application', 'ZENEO® Midazolam clinical study', 'ten mechanical failures', 'most conventional systems', 'self-administered emergency medication', 'major clinical, industrial', 'needle-free self-injection system', 'sterile single-use auto-injector', 'Marketing authorisation applications', 'acute adrenal insufficiency', 'specialty pharma company', 'ZENEO® needle-free injector', 'last two years', 'three priority indications', 'most emergency situations', 'ZENEO® medical device', '2014 bioequivalence study', '10 clinical studies', 'most cases', 'two sites', 'medical environment', 'several indications', 'major developments', 'stressful situations', 'emergency dose', 'French English', 'Press release', '2022 annual results', 'Substantial increase', 'operating income', 'allergic shock', 'asthma attack', 'unique visibility', 'turning point', 'non-dilutive financing', 'Gemmes Venture', 'early days', 'key player', 'Vester Finance', 'great care', 'long-term perspective', 'Patrick Alexandre', 'Management Board', 'world leader', 'wide range', 'commercial milestones', 'solid foundations', 'pre-hospital emergencies', 'health professional', 'patient associations', 'countless occasions', 'United States', 'exceptional proportion', 'a tenth', 'several seconds', 'subcutaneous methotrexate', 'positive readout', 'bare skin', 'therapeutic solutions', 'therapeutic indication', 'ISO 13485 certification', 'innovative solutions', 'demanding standards', 'manufacturer Cros', 'major shareholder', 'human-sized company', 'pharmaceutical company', 'life-threatening seizures', 'epileptic seizures', '99.999% compliant injections', 'million injections', 'unprecedented year', 'long history', 'intramuscular injection', 'Crossject story', '20 years', 'Dijon', '20 March', 'Ticker', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'drugs', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'growth', 'contracts', 'date', 'resources', 'ramp-up', 'lines', 'efforts', 'teams', 'support', 'shareholders', 'momentum', 'success', 'sector', 'investor', 'hs', 'bonds', 'Chairman', 'patented', 'Gray', 'activities', 'design/development', 'medicines', 'preparation', 'research', 'future', 'Patients', 'risk', 'prescription', 'doctor', 'times', 'People', 'member', 'family', 'ergonomics', 'cooperation', 'total', 'minute', 'someone', '12 September', 'addition', 'misuse', 'Efficacy', 'proven', 'flexibility', 'belt', 'combination', 'clothing', '2 November', 'means', 'fraction', 'developer', 'production', '15 August', '16 November', 'goal', 'order', 'FDA', '8.00']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,globenewswire.com
20914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CROSSJECT-15844218/news/CROSSJECT-2022-Annual-Results-43294704/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230320,CROSSJECT - 2022 Annual Results,(marketscreener.com) Press release 2022 annual resultsA year of major developmentsSubstantial increase in operating income Dijon  20 March 2023  8.00 p.m. CROSSJECT   a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drug…,Press release2022 annual resultsA year of major developmentsSubstantial increase in operating incomeDijon  20 March 2023  8.00 p.m.CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drugs for use in emergency situations (epilepsy  allergic shock  overdose  asthma attack  adrenal insufficiency  etc.)  presents its annual results for 2022.“In 2022  Crossject experienced a truly unprecedented year in its history. The growth embedded in contracts signed to date offers unique visibility and marks the turning point we have been waiting for. Optimising our resources to support Crossject’s ramp-up is now our priority  along the lines of the non-dilutive financing we have implemented. Thanks to the efforts of all our teams and the support of our shareholders  especially Gemmes Venture  a major shareholder from the early days  the Crossject story is only just beginning. The momentum for success is there and our teams are more motivated than ever to make us a key player in the pharma sector. Lastly  I would like to thank our investor and shareholder Vester Finance  which hs managed its bonds with great care in a long-term perspective.”Patrick Alexandre – Chairman of the Management BoardWith its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency medication. Crossject is a human-sized company working out of two sites (Dijon and Gray) and covering a wide range of activities  from the design/development of medicines to the preparation of their marketing and their manufacture.After 20 years of research and development  Crossject has achieved major clinical  industrial and commercial milestones in the last two years  laying solid foundations for its future.Emergency situationsCrossject specialises in pre-hospital emergencies. Patients diagnosed at risk of life-threatening seizures can get a prescription for their emergency dose from their doctor  fill the prescription in a pharmacy and then carry it with them at all times.People are generally not in a medical environment when they have seizures  so they either have to inject the emergency dose themselves or have it done by a member of their family  who is not a health professional. That is where our ZENEO® needle-free injector comes in. ZENEO® is pre-filled and single-use  very easy to understand and extremely safe to use. The ergonomics of our system owe much to cooperation with patient associations for several indications  and has been validated by more than 1 000 people in total on countless occasions. In most cases  an injection can be performed in under a minute  even in stressful situations or by someone unfamiliar with ZENEO®. In the latest “human factors” study in the United States ( see press release of 12 September 2022 )  an exceptional proportion of 99.6% of people successfully completed the injection.In addition  thanks to its ability to inject the dose in less than a tenth of a second (compared with several seconds for most conventional systems)  ZENEO® eliminates most of the risks of misuse.Efficacy of ZENEO®ZENEO® has a long history of proven efficacy and flexibility  with more than 10 clinical studies under its belt  including a 2014 bioequivalence study in combination with subcutaneous methotrexate.However  in most emergency situations  such as epilepsy or allergic shock  it is preferable to administer the drug by intramuscular injection  potentially through clothing. ZENEO® has recently demonstrated its ability to perform such injections (see our press release of 2 November 2022 announcing the positive readout of the ZENEO® Midazolam clinical study  developed for epileptic seizures). This makes Crossject the only company worldwide to offer a means of intramuscular injection (on bare skin or through clothing) in a fraction of a second.Crossject  developer of therapeutic solutionsCrossject is a developer of therapeutic solutions  working both on the ZENEO® medical device and on the combination of ZENEO® with a drug adapted to each therapeutic indication.As a company with ISO 13485 certification for the design  development  production and manufacture of a sterile single-use auto-injector (see our press release of 15 August 2022) and as a pharmaceutical company (see our press release of 16 November 2021)  Crossject is ideally positioned to develop innovative solutions.Marketing authorisation applications for the three priority indications (epilepsy  acute adrenal insufficiency  allergic shock) are scheduled to be submitted in 2024. However  the goal is still to file an Emergency Use Authorization application under the BARDA contract in 2023 (see below).It is important to note that Crossject used advanced reliability quantification techniques to develop ZENEO® in order to meet the FDA’s very demanding standards (at least 99.999% compliant injections  which is equivalent to less than ten mechanical failures per million injections).Crossject  manufacturerCrossject has a three-stage industrial chain for the manufacture of its medical devices. Upstream  the company subcontracts the manufacture of components to partners with the necessary expertise in plastic or metal injection  glass forming  elastomer moulding  etc. Crossject generally owns the specific tools  which are integrated into the partner’s industrial facilities.Downstream  Crossject sources its active ingredients from specialised chemical manufacturers and delivers them to a manufacturer specialised in the mixing and filling of sterile injectable liquid products (fill/finish). Crossject also supplies the manufacturer with a ready-to-fill kit consisting of two sub-assemblies: a sterile pharmaceutical sub-assembly  intended to receive the drug  prepared and shipped from Crossject’s Dijon site  and an actuator (the injector’s mechanical part)  assembled and shipped from Crossject’s Gray site.Crossject already has highly efficient industrial facilities; each piece of equipment has its own capacity  so the maximum capacity of the whole is determined by the slowest workstation; Crossject accordingly has production capacity of more than 500 000 ready-to-fill kits per year – capacity that is about to increase with the ongoing installation of new equipment recently delivered with the support of France Relance (press release of 10 March 2021).Crossject’s medium-term strategy is to grow its industrial capacity by removing bottlenecks as business needs change. The renovation of a 1000 sq.m. building on the Gray site (delivery scheduled before this summer) will allow Crossject to lift its capacity to more than 6 million units per year.MarketingCrossject initially chose to entrust the distribution of its products to pharmaceutical companies already established in the relevant geographies and therapeutic indications.The priority geographies are North America and Western Europe.Of the seven therapeutic indications in its portfolio  two are already covered by licensing agreements  namely acute adrenal insufficiency for North America (press release of 16 June 2021) and epilepsy for Germany (press release of 18 June 2019)  for which several milestones have been successfully achieved.A new indication could also be developed in partnership with an American laboratory (press release of 15 September 2022).Crossject’s epilepsy product is also the subject of a contract with BARDA (the US government agency that supports the research  development and manufacture of medical products for public health emergencies) (press release of 18 June 2022  contract no. 75A50122C00031). The total value of the contract – if all options are exercised – is $155 million and includes advanced regulatory development in the United States and the supply of products to the US Strategic National Stockpile  upon approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The aim is to start deliveries by the end of 2023  subject to obtaining Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) from the Food Drug Administration (FDA).Crossject  a committed companyIn recent years  Crossject has demonstrated its commitment on CSR questions  with a gender equality index reading above 90 for two consecutive years and a significant increase in its GAIA index from 15 to 60 in just three years. The company has also received a Responsible Care® award  demonstrating its commitment to transforming itself into a major player in the field of life-saving emergency medicines.Financial information as of 31 December 2022In line with the business plan  the strengthening of our financial base to support the very substantial acceleration of our development was a real success in 2022. The €22 million financial reinforcement came from several sources;BARDA invoicing: $1.8 million invoiced in 2022Free allocation of equity warrants to all shareholders: €2.8 millionCapital increase with preferential subscription rights: €4.09 millionExercise of warrants: €0.2 millionNew borrowings: at the end of the year we completed a major non-dilutive financial transaction of €14 million  with €4 million in loans granted in 2022. The transaction includes various loans granted by long-standing banks (Caisse d’Epargne and BNP)  Société Générale and BPI  with amortisation periods ranging from 5 to 10 years  and nearly 85% of the total available immediately.All OC1223 convertible bonds were converted during the year and 95.7% of the OC1224 convertible bonds were converted during the year  the balance being converted this day.In the year ended 31 December 2022  we recorded a very substantial increase in operating income to €9.7 million  an increase of 43%.It includes €0.95 million in revenue relating to milestones achieved during the year.€ thousand  as of 31 December 2022 2021 Operating income 9 718 6 772 Operating expenses -23 005 -18 594 Purchases of raw materials and supplies -498 -954 Other purchases and external expenses -8 116 -5 901 Personnel expenses -7 424 -6 183 Taxes and duties -176 -202 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions -6 358 -5 013 Other expenses -433 -342 Operating profit/(loss) -13 288 -11 823 Financial income/(expense) -319 -774 Exceptional income/(expense) 228 81 Corporate tax 2 222 1 818 Net profit/(loss) -11 157 -10 698 The financial statements for the six months to 31 December 2022 were approved by the members of the Management Board on 20 March 2023 and presented at the Supervisory Board meeting of 20 March 2023. They have been audited.In addition  capitalised production increased by 13% to €6.1 million as a result of ongoing research and development activities.During the year  Crossject maintained its focus on cost control. Operating expenses increased by just 24%  a very moderate rise in relation to that of operating income.Other purchases and external expenses amounted to €8.1 million  compared with €5.9 million in 2021  attributable notably to the progress of production work linked to the BARDA contract  the completion of various clinical studies and batches on several drugs in the portfolio and the costs inherent to the industrial ramp-up in the broad sense.At the end of 2022  Crossject had approximately 100 employees  a slight increase compared with the end of 2021. Personnel expenses amounted to €7.4 million in 2022  compared with €6.2 million in 2021  taking into account recruitments in 2022 aimed at obtaining more qualified skills better suited to our stage of development.The overall operating loss was €13.3 million  compared with a loss of €11.8 million in 2021.The Group recorded net financial expense of 0.3 million for 2022  compared with an expense of €0.9 million for 2021.After taking into account exceptional income of €0.2 million and a Research Tax Credit of €2.2 million  an increase of €0.4 million on 2021  the net loss for 2022 was €11.2 million.As of 31 December 2022  Crossject had cash of €8 million (€10 million at the end of 2021)  plus €6.2 million in non-dilutive financing announced at the end of the year and €3.8 million from the same plan  yet to be received  of which €2.0 million is conditional on obtaining Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) from the Food Drug Administration (FDA).In view of current contracts (and in particular monthly invoicing to BARDA) and the very clear visibility Crossject has acquired in recent months  the company is confident in its ability to find the necessary financing to continue its development.Contacts:CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Investor relationsAELIUMJérôme Gacoin +33 (0) 1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frPress relationsBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)6 12 52 53 15melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT • www.crossject.comCrossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014  and benefits from Bpifrance funding.APPENDICESIncome statement (in €k) 44561 44561 Change Revenue 954 912 42 Stored production 348 170 178 Capitalised production 6 5 383 -5 377 Subsidies 5 185 -180 Reversals of provisions and transfers of expenses 445 98 347 Other income 1 861 24 1 837 Operating income 3 619 6 772 -3 153 Purchases of raw materials and other supplies 1 002 1 143 -141 Change in inventory (raw materials and other supplies) -505 -189 -316 Other purchases and external expenses 8 115 5 901 2 214 Taxes and duties 177 202 -25 Personnel expenses 7 425 6 183 1 242 Depreciation  amortisation 5 263 4 490 773 Other provisions 1 095 523 572 Other expenses 433 342 91 Operating expenses 23 005 18 595 4 410 Operating profit/(loss) -19 386 -11 823 -7 563 Financial income/(expense) -319 -882 563 Exceptional income/(expense) 228 81 147 Research Tax Credit 2 222 1 818 404 NET PROFIT/(LOSS) -17 255 -10 806 -6 449BALANCE SHEET – ASSETS (in €k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 CHANGE FIXED ASSETS R&D 10 691 9123 1 568 Patents and trademarks 6 -6 Other intangible assets 11 -11 Land 89 89 0 Property  plant and equipment 5 085 4 631 454 Assets under construction 2 492 2 426 66 Financial assets 672 516 156 TOTAL FIXED ASSETS 19 029 16 802 2 227 CURRENT ASSETS Raw materials  other supplies 1 416 863 553 Work in process 588 503 85 Advances and prepayments received on orders in progress 345 294 51 Trade and related receivables 726 44 682 State and other receivables 2 450 1 931 519 Marketable securities 154 -154 Available cash 7 769 9 830 -2 061 Prepaid/deferred expenses 536 923 -387 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 13 830 14 542 -712 TOTAL ASSETS 32 859 31 344 1 515BALANCE SHEET – LIABILITIES (in €k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 CHANGE SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Capital 3652 2604 1048 Share premium 18312 6036 12276 Regulated reserve 0 0 0 Retained earnings -8786 -3980 -4806 Profit/(loss) for the year -11157 -10698 -459 Investment subsidies 665 665 0 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 2686 -5373 8059 Conditional advances 7476 7476 0 Provisions for contingencies and charges 1420 810 610 BORROWINGS AND DEBT Bonds 355 12587 -12232 Loans 11048 7946 3102 Miscellaneous 2722 2794 -72 Debts – Trade payables 3523 1961 1562 Total tax and social security liabilities 1833 1183 650 Debts on fixed assets 1764 2247 -483 Deferred income 32 0 32 TOTAL DEBT 21277 28718 -7441 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 32859 31631 1228HEADINGS 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Net profit/(loss) - 11 157.00 - 10 806.00 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions 5 705.00 5 078.00 Capital gains on disposal  net of tax 1 00 Other income and expenses calculated - 28.39 - 28.39 Cancellation of exceptional income on cancellation of debt Cash flow from operations -5 479.39 - 5 756 39 Change in working capital requirements 399.03 - 327 32 (1) Net cash generated by (used in) operating activities -5 080.36 - 6 083.71 Acquisition of fixed assets -6 778.69 - 6 732.62 (2) Net cash generated by (used in) investing activities -6 778.69 - 6 732 62 Capital increase 4 088.86 Exercise of warrants 3 003.17 Bonds - 13 066.09 Loans 4 000 00 - 6 123.84 Repayment of borrowings - 969.15 7 826.09 Subsidies - 716 13 Debts on fixed assets - 483.21 - 962 18 Repayable advances - (3) Net cash generated by (used in) financing activities 9 639.67 14 522.30 Change in cash and cash equivalents (1)+(2)+(3) -2 219.38 1 705.97 Opening cash position 9 983.07 8 277.11 Closing cash position 7 769.58 9 983.07Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.12,0.17,True,English,"['2022 Annual Results', 'CROSSJECT', 'advanced reliability quantification techniques', 'latest “human factors” study', 'Emergency Use Authorization application', 'ZENEO® Midazolam clinical study', 'ten mechanical failures', 'most conventional systems', 'self-administered emergency medication', 'major clinical, industrial', 'needle-free self-injection system', 'sterile single-use auto-injector', 'Marketing authorisation applications', 'acute adrenal insufficiency', 'specialty pharma company', 'ZENEO® needle-free injector', 'last two years', 'three priority indications', 'most emergency situations', 'ZENEO® medical device', '2014 bioequivalence study', '10 clinical studies', 'most cases', 'two sites', 'medical environment', 'several indications', 'major developments', 'stressful situations', 'emergency dose', 'Press release', '2022 annual results', 'Substantial increase', 'operating income', 'allergic shock', 'asthma attack', 'unique visibility', 'turning point', 'non-dilutive financing', 'Gemmes Venture', 'early days', 'key player', 'Vester Finance', 'great care', 'long-term perspective', 'Patrick Alexandre', 'Management Board', 'world leader', 'wide range', 'commercial milestones', 'solid foundations', 'pre-hospital emergencies', 'health professional', 'patient associations', 'countless occasions', 'United States', 'exceptional proportion', 'a tenth', 'several seconds', 'subcutaneous methotrexate', 'positive readout', 'bare skin', 'therapeutic solutions', 'therapeutic indication', 'ISO 13485 certification', 'innovative solutions', 'demanding standards', 'major shareholder', 'human-sized company', 'pharmaceutical company', 'life-threatening seizures', 'epileptic seizures', '99.999% compliant injections', 'million injections', 'unprecedented year', 'long history', 'intramuscular injection', 'Crossject story', '20 years', 'Dijon', '20 March', 'Ticker', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'drugs', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'growth', 'contracts', 'date', 'resources', 'ramp-up', 'lines', 'efforts', 'teams', 'support', 'shareholders', 'momentum', 'success', 'sector', 'investor', 'hs', 'bonds', 'Chairman', 'patented', 'Gray', 'activities', 'medicines', 'preparation', 'manufacture', 'research', 'future', 'Patients', 'risk', 'prescription', 'doctor', 'times', 'People', 'member', 'family', 'ergonomics', 'cooperation', 'total', 'minute', 'someone', '12 September', 'addition', 'misuse', 'Efficacy', 'flexibility', 'belt', 'combination', 'clothing', '2 November', 'means', 'fraction', 'developer', 'design', 'production', '15 August', '16 November', 'goal', 'order', 'FDA', '8.00']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,marketscreener.com
20915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wallix-launches-saas-remote-access-to-facilitate-digital-access-for-external-providers-in-an-agile-and-secure-way-301775165.html,WALLIX launches SaaS Remote Access to facilitate digital access for external providers in an agile and secure way,WALLIX launches SaaS Remote Access  the SaaS version of the remote access management technology integrated into the WALLIX PAM4ALL unified solution. This SaaS version is included in the WALLIX PAM4OT package. To carry out their activities  organizations - in …,"WALLIX launches SaaS Remote Access  the SaaS version of the remote access management technology integrated into the WALLIX PAM4ALL unified solution. This SaaS version is included in the WALLIX PAM4OT package.To carry out their activities  organizations - in all sectors and especially in industry - rely on external service providers who  in order to fulfill their mission  need to connect to their IT infrastructure (traditional or industrial).SaaS Remote Access is aimed at all organizations wishing to provide digital access to their IT infrastructure to external service providers  thanks to simplified management while benefiting from the highest level of cybersecurity offered by a PAM leader recognized by Gartner.PARIS  March 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- WALLIX  (Euronext: ALLIX) a European cybersecurity software publisher expert in Access and Identity Solutions  launches SaaS Remote Access  the SaaS version of the remote access management technology integrated into WALLIX PAM4ALL  its unified privilege management solution. SaaS Remote Access is designed for organizations - across all sectors and in particular the industrial one - that want to provide digital access to their IT infrastructure to external providers through simplified management  while benefiting from the highest level of cybersecurity offered by a PAM leader recognized by Gartner.To carry out their business  organizations rely on external service providers who need to connect to their IT infrastructure (whether traditional or industrial). These can be remote maintainers  supply chain vendors  service providers  external consultants  etc.The problem for organizations is that these external stakeholders are numerous and can change constantly. In addition  the frequency and duration of their intervention vary according to the needs of the business and their requirements. This is why visualizing  managing  and securing their access becomes a real headache for IT teams. It is indeed vital for organizations to know who has access to what  from where  and why  as well as to manage access permissions. This is the only way to detect and stop any attempt at identity theft by a hacker  internal malice  or negligence  and thus protect data. The fact is that the cost of a cyberattack increases by an average of $370 000 if a third party is involved. Moreover  by implementing traceability through a security and digital access management solution  organizations also ensure regulatory compliance with current cybersecurity standards.Traditionally  in an attempt to manage external stakeholder access  the IT team will implement VPN technology  a secure ""tunnel"" between the external stakeholder's device and the organization's IT infrastructure. Except that  in reality  VPN vulnerabilities regularly make news headlines. On the other hand  implementing VPNs is a cumbersome and expensive process: each stakeholder must be referenced in Active Directory  the Microsoft software used by almost all organizations  which allows permissions to be managed and access to IT resources (data  servers  applications  software  etc.) to be controlled. And this technology does not meet the regulatory requirements either.The Answer: SaaS Remote AccessTo optimize the management of external service provider access  IT teams should turn to innovative solutions such as SaaS Remote Access.WALLIX PAM4ALL is a unified privilege management solution. It combines all WALLIX technologies: multi-factor authentication (MFA)  remote access management  session management  password management  and least privilege management. The solution secures all access to the IT infrastructure  ensuring data protection  detection  and resistance to cyberattacks and business continuity. It also ensures compliance with cybersecurity regulations.SaaS Remote Access is WALLIX PAM4ALL's ""remote access management"" technology now available as a service. It has been developed especially for the access management of external providers.This SaaS version of the WALLIX remote access management technology is also available in WALLIX PAM4OT  a packaged offer based on WALLIX PAM4ALL  dedicated to industrial companies and those that own industrial equipment (like hospitals with scanners  etc.).The advantages of subscribing to this functionality in SaaS (Software-as-a-Service) mode are:Ease of Deployment and UseThanks to SaaS mode  there is no need to install a new solution to replace VPNs; an Internet connection is all that is needed to access SaaS Remote Access. This allows better accessibility  flexibility  and cost reduction. In addition  thanks to its user-friendly interface  it is quick and easy for companies to register their external service providers and configure their access rights to authorized resources. This frees the IT team from these actions and allows them to focus on more value-added tasks.End-to-end SecurityThe digital identities and passwords of external stakeholders are no longer integrated into the organization's Active Directory but are managed and secured in SaaS Remote Access. This drastically reduces cyber risk  since the more digital identities in the Active Directory  the greater the chance of a hacker stealing them and then accessing all the resources of the person whose identity has been stolen. This also allows the organization to have an IT hygiene that follows cybersecurity and traceability standards  enabling cybersecurity by design.Full Visibility of External Remote AccessWith SaaS Remote Access  organizations regain control of external remote access. Companies create access for their external providers in real time for a defined period and are automatically removed once the task is completed. External providers connect to the organization's IT infrastructure through the SaaS Remote Access web portal and every action they take is monitored  providing full visibility and transparency.""With this remote access management for suppliers  we are both meeting the security challenges of IT teams and promoting the digital transformation of companies. We also give autonomy to business teams and put the digital experience at the heart of our solution: speed of access creation  fluidity of interactions with suppliers  and operational efficiency for all business and IT teams. Interacting with suppliers and maintaining a line of defense for digital access becomes extremely easy and cost-effective with our solution. The launch of this service for securing external access to IT and industrial infrastructures is only the first phase of WALLIX's SaaS strategy "" explains Edwige Brossard  Product & Marketing Director at WALLIX.www.wallix.com | [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1801456/3815089/Wallix_Logo.jpgSOURCE Wallix",neutral,0.24,0.76,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.07,0.69,True,English,"['SaaS Remote Access', 'digital access', 'external providers', 'secure way', 'WALLIX', 'agile', 'WALLIX remote access management technology', 'unified privilege management solution', 'European cybersecurity software publisher', 'remote access management"" technology', 'WALLIX PAM4ALL unified solution', 'external service provider access', 'digital access management solution', 'supply chain vendors', 'SaaS Remote Access', 'current cybersecurity standards', 'WALLIX PAM4OT package', 'external service providers', 'external stakeholder access', 'VPN technology', 'remote maintainers', 'new solution', 'external providers', 'simplified management', 'session management', 'password management', 'access rights', 'external consultants', 'external stakeholders', 'SaaS version', 'digital identities', 'WALLIX technologies', 'Microsoft software', 'access permissions', 'cybersecurity regulations', 'SaaS mode', 'IT infrastructure', 'highest level', 'PAM leader', 'Identity Solutions', 'real headache', 'IT teams', 'identity theft', 'internal malice', 'third party', 'secure ""tunnel', 'VPN vulnerabilities', 'news headlines', 'other hand', 'expensive process', 'Active Directory', 'IT resources', 'The Answer', 'innovative solutions', 'multi-factor authentication', 'Internet connection', 'user-friendly interface', 'authorized resources', 'value-added tasks', 'industrial one', 'industrial equipment', 'regulatory compliance', 'regulatory requirements', 'cost reduction', 'end Security', 'data protection', 'business continuity', 'industrial companies', 'activities', 'organizations', 'sectors', 'industry', 'order', 'Gartner', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'Euronext', 'expert', 'problem', 'addition', 'frequency', 'duration', 'intervention', 'needs', 'way', 'attempt', 'hacker', 'negligence', 'cyberattack', 'average', 'traceability', 'device', 'reality', 'VPNs', 'cumbersome', 'servers', 'applications', 'MFA', 'least', 'detection', 'resistance', 'offer', 'hospitals', 'scanners', 'advantages', 'functionality', 'Ease', 'Deployment', 'accessibility', 'flexibility', 'actions', 'passwords']",2023-03-20,2023-03-21,prnewswire.com
20916,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.padovanews.it/2023/03/21/in-portugal-voltalia-signs-a-corporate-ppa-with-ba-glass-group-and-starts-production-at-its-garrido-cluster/,In Portugal  Voltalia signs a Corporate PPA with BA Glass Group and starts production at its Garrido cluster,In Portugal  Voltalia signs a Corporate PPA with BA Glass Group and starts production at its Garrido cluster. Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international,In Portugal  Voltalia signs a Corporate PPA with BA Glass Group and starts production at its Garrido cluster. Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['BA Glass Group', 'Corporate PPA', 'Garrido cluster', 'Portugal', 'Voltalia', 'production', 'BA Glass Group', 'Corporate PPA', 'Garrido cluster', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Portugal', 'Voltalia', 'production', 'international']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,padovanews.it
20917,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1313/new-prestigious-scientific-publication-carbios-marks-expansion-its-research-other-plastics-202303210058491,A New Prestigious Scientific Publication for Carbios Marks the Expansion of Its Research to Other Plastics,"""Any new scientific research project begins with an exhaustive bibliographical study  as we did for our PET biorecycling and PLA biodegradation technologies. Today  Carbios is the most advanced company in the industrialization of its PET biorecycling technology ","Regulatory News:Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB) (Paris:ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastics and textiles  announces the publication of an article entitled ""Enzymes' power for plastics degradation"" in Chemical Reviews  one of the 10 most influential scientific journals in the world. The article is a comprehensive and critical review of research published to date on the enzymatic degradation of all types of plastics (PET  PLA  polyolefins  polyurethanes  polyamides) and includes almost 700 references. Co-authored by biotechnology researchers from Carbios and its academic partner Toulouse Biotechnology Institute (TBI)  as well as two eminent professors in polymer science from the University of Bordeaux  the work brings together expertise in the fields of enzymology  polymer science and industry in order to accelerate the transition to a circular economy for plastic.Beyond the comprehensive bibliographical study  the authors analyzed the data to discuss the scope  limitations  challenges and opportunities of enzymatic plastic recycling with a view to developing innovations and industrial processes. The article’s unique standpoint and added value with regard to issues surrounding plastic pollution is its critical view on technology transfer and industrial scalability.""Any new scientific research project begins with an exhaustive bibliographical study  as we did for our PET biorecycling and PLA biodegradation technologies. Today  Carbios is the most advanced company in the industrialization of its PET biorecycling technology "" commented Alain Marty  Chief Scientific Officer at Carbios. ""Carbios' mission is to bring all types of plastics into the circular economy. I am therefore very proud to have collaborated with our long-term partner TBI  as well as with new partners at the University of Bordeaux  on the article published in Chemical Reviews which will serve as the basis for research into biological recycling solutions for other polymers.”""Following the invitation to write an article for the upcoming Thematic Issue of Chemical Reviews  we collaborated once more with Carbios. In line with the subject 'Bridging the Gaps: Learning from Catalysis across Boundaries'  our collaboration goes beyond the boundaries of plastics and polymer science in order to consider industrial feasibility  and find new solutions for different polymers using biocatalysis "" said Isabelle André  Research Director at CNRS. ""As a researcher  it is always gratifying and rewarding to see the fruit of hard work published in a prestigious journal  and I congratulate all the researchers involved.”To read the article in Chemical Reviews  click here : https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.2c00644Publication has been scheduled for the upcoming Thematic Issue “Bridging the Gaps: Learning from Catalysis across Boundaries”.Author(s): Tournier  Vincent (Carbios) ; Duquesne  Sophie (TBI) ; Guillamot  Frédérique (Carbios) ; Cramail  Henri (Université Bordeaux); Taton  Daniel (Université Bordeaux); Marty  Alain (Carbios); André  Isabelle (TBI)About CarbiosEstablished in 2011 by Truffle Capital  Carbios is a green chemistry company  developing biological and innovative processes. Through its unique approach of combining enzymes and plastics  Carbios aims to address new consumer expectations and the challenges of a broad ecological transition by taking up a major challenge of our time: plastic and textile pollution. Carbios deconstructs any type of PET (the dominant polymer in bottles  trays  textiles made of polyester) into its basic components which can then be reused to produce new PET plastics with equivalent quality to virgin ones. This PET innovation  the first of its kind in the world  was recently recognized in a scientific paper published on the front cover of the prestigious journal Nature. Carbios successfully started up its demonstration plant in Clermont-Ferrand in 2021. It has now taken another key step towards the industrialization of its process with the construction of a first-of-a-kind unit in partnership with Indorama Ventures.In 2017  Carbios and L’Oréal co-founded a consortium to contribute to the industrialization of its proprietary recycling technology. Committed to developing innovative solutions for sustainable development  Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe joined this consortium in April 2019. In 2022  Carbios signed an agreement with On  Patagonia  PUMA  and Salomon  to develop solutions promoting the recyclability and circularity of their products. PVH Corp. joined this consortium in January 2023.The Company has also developed an enzymatic biodegradation technology for PLA-based (a bio sourced polymer) single-use plastics. This technology can create a new generation of plastics that are 100% compostable in domestic conditions  integrating enzymes at the heart of the plastic product.For more information  please visit www.carbios.com/en / Twitter: Carbios LinkedIn: Carbios Instagram: insidecarbiosCarbios (ISIN FR0011648716/ALCRB) is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.Translation is for information purposes only.In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the French version shall prevail1 Toulouse Biotechnology Institute  joint research unit associating INSA of Toulouse  CNRS and INRAEView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230321005849/en/CARBIOSMelissa FlauraudPress Relationsmelissa.flauraud@carbios.comBenjamin AudebertInvestor Relationscontact@carbios.com+33 (0)4 73 86 51 76Press Relations (Europe)IconicMarie-Virginie Kleinmvk@iconic-conseil.com+33 (0)1 44 14 99 96Press Relations (U.S.)Rooney PartnersKate L. Barrettekbarrette@rooneyco.com+1 212 223 0561Press Relations (DACH)MC ServicesAnne Henneckecarbios@mc-services.eu+49 (0)211 529 252 22© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.01,0.33,True,English,"['New Prestigious Scientific Publication', 'Other Plastics', 'Carbios', 'Expansion', 'Research', 'bio sourced polymer) single-use plastics', '10 most influential scientific journals', 'new scientific research project', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'two eminent professors', 'exhaustive bibliographical study', 'upcoming Thematic Issue', 'Frédérique', 'L’Oréal', 'new consumer expectations', 'Toulouse Biotechnology Institute', 'proprietary recycling technology', 'green chemistry company', 'enzymatic biodegradation technology', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'comprehensive bibliographical study', 'broad ecological transition', 'PLA biodegradation technologies', 'enzymatic plastic recycling', 'biological recycling solutions', 'PET biorecycling technology', 'new PET plastics', 'dominant polymer', 'scientific paper', 'enzymatic degradation', 'new partners', 'new solutions', 'new generation', 'biological technologies', 'technology transfer', 'advanced company', 'The Company', 'Regulatory News', 'life cycle', 'Chemical Reviews', 'critical review', 'biotechnology researchers', 'academic partner', 'circular economy', 'industrial processes', 'unique standpoint', 'industrial scalability', 'long-term partner', 'other polymers', 'industrial feasibility', 'different polymers', 'Research Director', 'prestigious journal', 'Truffle Capital', 'innovative processes', 'unique approach', 'major challenge', 'textile pollution', 'basic components', 'equivalent quality', 'PET innovation', 'front cover', 'key step', 'Indorama Ventures', 'innovative solutions', 'Nestlé Waters', 'Suntory Beverage', 'Food Europe', 'PVH Corp.', 'domestic conditions', 'plastic pollution', 'plastic product', 'plastics degradation', 'critical view', 'hard work', 'Université Bordeaux', 'kind unit', 'sustainable development', ""Enzymes' power"", ""Carbios' mission"", 'Carbios LinkedIn', 'Carbios Instagram', 'Alain Marty', 'Isabelle André', 'ALCRB', 'pioneer', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'publication', 'article', 'world', 'date', 'types', 'polyolefins', 'polyurethanes', 'polyamides', '700 references', 'TBI', 'science', 'University', 'expertise', 'fields', 'enzymology', 'industry', 'order', 'authors', 'data', 'scope', 'limitations', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'innovations', 'value', 'regard', 'issues', 'basis', 'invitation', 'line', 'subject', 'Gaps', 'Catalysis', 'Boundaries', 'collaboration', 'CNRS', 'fruit', 'Tournier', 'Vincent', 'Duquesne', 'Sophie', 'Guillamot', 'Cramail', 'Henri', 'Taton', 'Daniel', 'time', 'bottles', 'trays', 'polyester', 'virgin', 'Nature', 'demonstration', 'plant', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'construction', 'partnership', 'consortium', 'PepsiCo', 'April', 'agreement', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'recyclability', 'circularity', 'products', 'January', 'PLA-based', 'heart', 'information', 'Twitter']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,afp.com
20918,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20820343.html,Leading Brewery AB InBev Optimizes Infrastructure in Europe With Orange Business to Further Its Digital Business Goals,Anheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev)  the world's leading brewing company  has renewed its trust in Orange Business  laying the critical infrastructure foundation to enable its future digital innovation plans in Europe.,"Leading Brewery AB InBev Optimizes Infrastructure in Europe With Orange Business to Further Its Digital Business GoalsAnheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev)  the world's leading brewing company  has renewed its trust in Orange Business  laying the critical infrastructure foundation to enable its future digital innovation plans in Europe. Putting employee experience at the heart of its strategy  AB InBev has chosen Orange Business to deliver connectivity and voice services as the backbone for enhanced productivity.AB InBev is the proud maker of more than 500 iconic brands  including Stella Artois  Corona and Budweiser. The company also has industry-leading digital platforms  dedicated research labs and technology centers to ensure it is offering the latest market insights as it looks to become the industry's best-in-class smart brewery.Orange Business supports AB InBev across its European operations  providing critical connectivity between 70 locations and its headquarters in Belgium. Faster connectivity performance and higher bandwidth enables AB InBev to invest in future digital tools with a robust network. In addition  Orange Business is transforming the legacy voice services to SIP-based solutions  allowing employees to communicate and operate through a Microsoft Teams environment to enhance their experience and ensure improved collaboration.""As we look to expand our digital footprint and innovate  it was essential to work with a supplier that could support us in our vision for the future. We are looking to create the industry's best-in-class smart breweries  digitizing our ecosystem  and engaging with our employees in the best-connected experience by innovating through a new digitalized and automated approach. To achieve this  we need to lay the groundwork now. We trust Orange Business  and we look forward to continuing this journey together "" said Pieter Bruyland  Vice President Solutions Europe at AB InBev. ""We pride ourselves on leading the industry  reimagining what a beer company can be. With Orange we know we will have the infrastructure and optimized support in place to embark on new digital innovations supporting our customers and employees as we look to lead the way.""""Having the right foundations in place is a critical first step to support digital transformation "" said Nemo Verbist  Senior Vice President  Europe at Orange Business. ""AB InBev has many developments in the works  namely around cybersecurity and software-defined networks  and we are looking forward to working with them to grow and evolve their platforms and ecosystem with us. Building a brewery of the future is an exciting milestone  and we are poised to support them on this journey.""About Anheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev)Anheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev) is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life's moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck's®  Hoegaarden®  Leffe® and Michelob ULTRA®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 167 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2022  AB InBev's reported revenue was 57.8 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).About Orange BusinessOrange Business  the enterprise division of the Orange Group  is a leading network and digital integrator  supporting customers to create positive impact and digital business. The combined strength of its next-generation connectivity  cloud  and cybersecurity expertise  platforms  and partners provides the foundation for enterprises around the world. With 30 000 employees across 65 countries  Orange Business enables its customers' transformations by orchestrating end-to-end secured digital infrastructure and focusing on the employee  customer  and operational experience. More than 3 000 multinational enterprises  as well as two million professionals  companies and local communities in France  put their trust in Orange Business.Orange is one of the world's leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on the Euronext Paris (ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (ORAN).For more information: www.orange-business.com or follow us on LinkedIn and on Twitter: @orangebusinessOrange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.News published on 21 march 2023 at 09:10 and distributed by:",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Leading Brewery AB', 'Digital Business Goals', 'Orange Business', 'InBev', 'Infrastructure', 'Europe', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'future digital innovation plans', 'Vice President Solutions Europe', 'Senior Vice President', 'latest market insights', 'Microsoft Teams environment', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'two million professionals', 'new digital innovations', 'critical first step', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'Faster connectivity performance', 'legacy voice services', 'Digital Business Goals', 'future digital tools', 'industry-leading digital platforms', 'Leading Brewery AB', 'leading brewing company', 'critical infrastructure foundation', 'SIP-based solutions', 'stock exchanges', 'new digitalized', 'new ways', 'critical connectivity', 'leading network', 'first brewery', 'digital footprint', 'digital transformation', 'digital integrator', 'brewing heritage', 'digital infrastructure', 'smart brewery', 'Co brewery', 'AB InBev', 'Orange Business', 'enhanced productivity', 'proud maker', '500 iconic brands', 'Stella Artois', 'research labs', 'technology centers', 'European operations', 'higher bandwidth', 'robust network', 'improved collaboration', 'smart breweries', 'automated approach', 'Pieter Bruyland', 'right foundations', 'Nemo Verbist', 'many developments', 'software-defined networks', 'exciting milestone', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'meaningful impact', 'great brands', 'best beers', 'finest ingredients', 'diverse portfolio', '500 beer brands', 'global brands', 'multi-country brands', 'Michelob ULTRA', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial®', 'European roots', 'pioneering spirit', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', 'enterprise division', 'positive impact', 'combined strength', 'next-generation connectivity', 'local communities', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'Orange Group', 'Castle Brewery', 'Castle Lite', 'beer company', 'employee experience', 'Bud Light®', 'cybersecurity expertise', 'operational experience', '3,000 multinational enterprises', 'Castle®', 'world', 'trust', 'heart', 'strategy', 'backbone', 'Corona', 'Budweiser', 'class', '70 locations', 'headquarters', 'Belgium', 'addition', 'employees', 'supplier', 'ecosystem', 'groundwork', 'journey', 'optimized', 'support', 'place', 'customers', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'Leuven', 'Mexico', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'NYSE', 'cheers', 'life', 'moments', 'time', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'generations', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'Brazil', '167,000 colleagues', '50 countries', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates', 'cloud', 'partners', '65 countries', 'transformations', 'end', 'More', 'companies', 'France', '8']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,lelezard.com
20919,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/visiativ/cp/2023/03/21/sharp-increase-in-2022-annual-results-revenue-more-21-per-cent-ebitda-more-29-per-cent-successful-catalyst-strategic-plan,SHARP INCREASE IN 2022 ANNUAL RESULTS: REVENUE +21% - EBITDA +29% - SUCCESSFUL CATALYST STRATEGIC PLAN COMPLETED ONE YEAR EARLY,Up +21% in 2022  o/w +11% organic and o/w +59% internationally. EBITDA of €28.4m in 2022  representing an EBITDA margin of 11.0%. Proforma EBITDA of €30.6m with acquisitions i,"21/03/2023 - 17:50Up +21% in 2022  o/w +11% organic[1] and o/w +59% internationallyEBITDA of €28.4m in 2022  representing an EBITDA margin of 11.0%Proforma[2] EBITDA of €30.6m with acquisitions in 2022€24.5m in operating cash flow and €58m in available cash at end-2022Lyon  21 March 2023 – 5:45 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV).On the back of robust momentum in Q4  Visiativ enjoyed brisk growth in revenue for 2022  recording an annual increase of +21% to €258.8m which was characterised by another year of double-digit organic1 growth across all businesses. ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) of SaaS subscriptions came in at €27.4m at end-2022  up by a considerable +37% (+23% organic1).Buoyed by the strong performance of its two core businesses – SOFTWARE and CONSULTING – the upbeat international growth (+59% of growth o/w +29% organic) and the successful integration of recent acquisitions  Visiativ posted record annual EBITDA of €28.4m  up +29%. As a result  the Group's EBITDA margin for 2022 ended at 11.0% vs. 10.3% in the year-earlier period.On a proforma basis1  by consolidating all of the acquisitions for the entire FY 2022  proforma EBITDA stood at €30.6m  which enabled Visiativ to reach the €30m target in 2022  a year ahead of schedule. Under the CATALYST plan  this target was initially set for 2023.Data in €m – Audited dataaFrench accounting standards 2021(12 months) 2022(12 months) Change Revenue 214.4 258.8 +21% EBITDAb 22.1 28.4 +29% EBITDA margin (%) 10.3% 11.0% Operating income 15.0 19.0 +27% Operating margin (%) 7.0% 7.3% Net income (Group share) 9.7 11.1 +14%a The full-year financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on 20 March 2023. An audit procedure of the consolidated financial statements was conducted and the statutory auditors' report is being preparedb Earnings before depreciation and amortisation of intangible assetsAt the end of FY 2022  Visiativ's consolidated revenue came to €258.8m  up +21% compared with the previous year. At constant scope and exchange rates  growth reached +11%  marking another year of double-digit organic growth1 across all businesses.The SOFTWARE business generated revenue of €168.6m  representing an annual increase of +19% o/w +11% organic. Recurring business (multi-year contracts  software maintenance and SaaS subscriptions) increased 22% over the year (+12% at constant scope and exchange rates)  accounting for 67% of the Group's annual revenue. SaaS subscriptions increased sharply over the year: ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) totalled €27.4m at 31 December 2022  up +37% (+23% organic1).The CONSULTING business achieved sustained growth of +24% in 2022 (+12% organic) for all business lines  with 78 new digital diagnostics contracts signed in 2022 versus 44 signed in 2021.As in previous years  2022 was a year of upbeat international growth  with sales outside France up +59% over the year  o/w +29% organic. In 2022  international business accounted for 36% of activity  compared with 27% one year prior.+29% GROWTH IN EBITDA TO €28.4M  REPRESENTING AN EBITDA MARGIN OF 11.0%Visiativ recorded 2022 EBITDA[3] of €28.4m  up +29% year-on-year. Visiativ generated new record profitability  with an EBITDA margin at 11.0%  compared with 10.3% in 2021.The rise in personnel costs  due to changes in the scope of consolidation and business expansion in the United States  was kept under control (+18%). Other operating expenses increased by 41%  due to changes in the scope of consolidation and higher travel and marketing expenses  which were not at their normative level in 2021 due to the health context.In France  Visiativ posted a stable EBITDA margin of 9.9% (vs. 9.9% in 2021 and 7.5% in 2020).International profitability was higher with EBITDA margin of 12.8% compared to 11.2% a year earlier  on the back of strong revenue growth.After booking net depreciation and amortisation  operating income totalled €19.0m  up +27% relative to 2021  and representing an operating margin of 7.3% (vs. 7.0%).Financial expense stood at -€3.2m vs. -€2.1m in 2021. This was primarily made up of interest expenses (€2.9m).Net income Group share came to €11.1m  up +14% and representing full-year net margin of 4.3%. This included corporate tax of €3.5m vs. €2.0m  driven by robust growth in earnings for international subsidiaries.In view of this solid performance  the Board of Directors decided on 20 March 2023 to propose to the shareholders  at the Annual General Meeting of 25 May 2023  the payment of a dividend of €1.10 per share in cash for the 2022 financial year.€24.5M IN OPERATING CASH FLOW IN 2022 AND €58M IN AVAILABLE CASH AT END-2022Cash flow at end-2022 amounted to +€27.2m  vs. +€24.0m a year earlier.After a controlled change in working capital requirements (-€2.7m)  Visiativ reported high operating cash flow of +€24.5m in 2022.Investment flows totalled -€34.2m  of which -€23.6m was devoted to external growth operations (acquisitions of MB CAD  Daxium  Braithwaite  Absiskey and the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI)  -€8.4m to R&D capex and -€2.5m in other investments.Financing flows amounted to +€5.0m  with +€6.1m in net debt issuance  a +€1.0m capital increase in 2022  and a -€2.1m dividend payout in respect of 2021.In all  the change in cash and cash equivalents amounted to -€10.8m for 2022  compared with +€3.5m for 2021.At 31 December 2022  Visiativ's available cash totalled €57.9m for loans and financial debts of €107.8m  including the €33.5m state-backed loan (PGE)  which is being repaid on a straight-line basis over four years since May 2022.In October 2022  Visiativ completed a new round of financing for a total of €115m[4]  including a new senior loan (CAPEX loan) for up to €70m (€50m undrawn) aimed at supporting its next strategic plan while significantly extending the average maturity of its debt.At end-FY 2022  net financial debt[5] totalled €49.9m and shareholders' equity amounted to €74.3m  representing net gearing of 67%.2022: A YEAR OF PROGRESS IN VISIATIV'S 4 CSR PRIORITY AREASFor Visiativ  2022 was also a year of further improvement in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and the four priority areas of its CSR policy (Responsibility to all stakeholders  Employee experience  Societal footprint and Ecosystem  and Environmental footprint)  which aligned with the SMART non-financial ambitions for 2023 set out in the CATALYST plan.Regarding these four priorities  particular attention was paid to the following areas of improvement in 2022:Carbon footprint – reduction in the Group's scopes 1  2 and 3: 2% reduction in GHG emissions per employee compared to 2019 against -5% expected in the strategic plan for 2022;Gender equality – increase in the representation of women in the total workforce: 32% women in the workforce by 31/12/2022 in line with the strategic plan for 2022;Inclusion of people with disabilities – increase in the number of employees with disabilities: 21 employees with disabilities on 31/12/2022 against 15 planned in the strategic plan for 2022.Future talent development – increase in the share of work placement students in the workforce: 8% of the workforce by 31/12/2022 compared to 6% foreseen in the strategic plan for 2022.Visiativ has also decided to link its new financing to its ESG (Environment  Social and Governance) performance  and in doing so  will benefit from a bonus on the margin applicable to all these new sources of financing  in line with the objectives set.Following the 2022 Gaïa Research campaign  Visiativ ranked 62nd out of the 384 rated companies (up +10 places vs. 2021) with an overall score of 71/100  placing the Group in the Top 10 companies for the IT sector category (66 companies). The non-financial rating agency placed Visiativ in the Gold category.OUTLOOKWith €30.6m in EBITDA on a proforma basis[6]  in 2022  the Group achieved its EBITDA target – set in early 2020 as part of the CATALYST plan launch – a year ahead of schedule  thereby reaching a new milestone in terms of financial performance.In an uncertain economic environment  Visiativ is approaching 2023 with confidence and will seek to strengthen the pillars of its development which underpinned its success in 2022  namely to:Strengthen its value proposition through its Visiativ Innovation Platform;Consolidate its Visiativ Agora technology platform;Continue its growth momentum in international business;Develop its subscription model by capitalising on its recurring business;Accelerate its growth by making further accretive acquisitions.In September 2023  Visiativ will outline its new longer-term ambitions as well as a new strategic plan.FINANCIAL CALENDAREVENTS DATES Q1 2023 revenues Tuesday 25 April  2023 Annual General Meeting Thursday 25 May  2023 Q2 2023 revenues Wednesday 26 July  2023 H1 2023 results Tuesday 19 September  2023 Q3 2023 revenues Tuesday 24 October  2023 Full-year 2023 revenue Wednesday 24 January 2024 Full-year 2023 results Tuesday 19 March 2024These dates are an indication and may be changed if necessary. All publications will be issued after close of trading markets on Euronext Paris.ABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 23 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €259 million in 2022. Visiativ is present in 14 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  Poland  the United Kingdom  U.A.E  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 400 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.comVISIATIV CONTACTLydia JOUVALExternal CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)4 78 87 29 29lydia.jouval@visiativ.com INVESTOR CONTACTACTUSMathieu OMNESTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr PRESS CONTACTACTUSSerena BONITel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.fr[1] growth at constant consolidation scope  restated for the consolidations of Absiskey (as of 1 October 2022)  Daxium and Braithwaite (as of 1 July 2022)  MB CAD (as of 1 April 2022)  the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI (as of 1 January 2022)  Ma-Sauvegarde and IFTC (as of 1 July 2021)  AJ Solutions (as of 1 April 2021)  and at constant exchange rates.[2] by consolidating Absiskey  Daxium  Braithwaite  MB CAD and the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI for the entire FY 2022.[3] Earnings before depreciation and amortisation of intangible assets[4] See press release of 13 October 2022[5] Available cash - Borrowings and financial debts[6] by consolidating Absiskey  Daxium  Braithwaite  MB CAD and the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI for the entire FY 2022.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['SUCCESSFUL CATALYST STRATEGIC PLAN', 'SHARP INCREASE', '2022 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'EBITDA', 'YEAR', '78 new digital diagnostics contracts', 'high operating cash flow', 'Net income Group share', 'French accounting standards', ""statutory auditors' report"", 'double-digit organic growth1', 'new record profitability', 'working capital requirements', 'full-year financial statements', 'double-digit organic1 growth', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Other operating expenses', 'full-year net margin', 'two core businesses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'upbeat international growth', 'record annual EBITDA', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'stable EBITDA margin', 'strong revenue growth', 'The SOFTWARE business', 'Operating income', 'digital transformation', 'multi-year contracts', 'International profitability', 'Recurring business', 'Operating margin', 'annual revenue', 'consolidated revenue', 'annual increase', 'international business', 'strong performance', 'Financial expense', 'available cash', 'international subsidiaries', 'marketing expenses', 'interest expenses', 'net depreciation', 'business lines', 'business expansion', 'Change Revenue', 'Euronext Growth', 'brisk growth', 'sustained growth', 'robust growth', 'innovation expert', 'robust momentum', 'SaaS subscriptions', 'considerable +', 'successful integration', 'year-earlier period', 'CATALYST plan', 'audit procedure', 'intangible assets', 'exchange rates', 'software maintenance', 'previous years', 'personnel costs', 'United States', 'higher travel', 'normative level', 'health context', 'corporate tax', 'solid performance', 'controlled change', 'Investment flows', 'medium-sized businesses', '2022 financial year', 'proforma basis', 'CONSULTING business', 'proforma EBITDA', 'entire FY', '€30m target', 'constant scope', 'recent acquisitions', '+29% GROWTH', '2022 EBITDA', 'end', 'Lyon', '21 March', 'Visiativ', 'small', 'Paris', 'ALVIV', 'back', 'ARR', 'result', 'schedule', 'Data', 'EBITDAb', 'Board', 'Directors', '20 March', 'Earnings', 'amortisation', '31 December', 'sales', 'France', 'activity', 'rise', 'changes', 'consolidation', 'view', 'shareholders', '25 May', 'payment', '5:45', '2023', '11.', '10.']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,actusnews.com
20920,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/21/engage-xr-to-delist-from-dublin-market-in-new-blow-to-exchange/,Fresh blow to Dublin market as Engage XR says it will delist from Euronext – The Irish Times,Irish virtual reality company Engage XR said it will delist from the former Irish Stock Exchange to focus on its Londo The business has given notice to Euronext Dublin  the stock exchange’s official name since it was taken over ,Engage XR's last day of trading will be April 18th  and the cancellation will take effect at 7am. Photograph: Dara Mac DónaillIrish virtual reality company Engage XR said it will delist from the former Irish Stock Exchange to focus on its London listing.The business has given notice to Euronext Dublin  the stock exchange’s official name since it was taken over  of its intention to cancel the admission of the company’s ordinary shares to trading on the Euronext growth market  it said in a statement on Tuesday. The move “will have no effect on the company’s ordinary shares trading on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange ” it added.“It is anticipated that maintaining a sole listing on AIM will concentrate liquidity on one trading venue ” the company said.Its last day of trading will be April 18th  and the cancellation will take effect at 7am  it added.READ MOREThe move is a fresh blow to the Dublin market  and comes weeks after building materials giant CRH – the biggest company on the exchange – said it would shift its primary listing to the US.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['The Irish Times', 'Fresh blow', 'Dublin market', 'Engage XR', 'Euronext', 'Dara Mac Dónaill', 'Irish virtual reality company', 'former Irish Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Euronext growth market', 'one trading venue', 'London listing', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Dublin market', 'Engage XR', 'last day', 'official name', 'ordinary shares', 'sole listing', 'fresh blow', 'giant CRH', 'primary listing', 'AIM market', 'biggest company', 'April', 'cancellation', 'effect', '7am', 'Photograph', 'business', 'notice', 'intention', 'statement', 'Tuesday', 'move', 'liquidity', 'READ', 'materials']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,irishtimes.com
20921,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58614924-visiativ-sharp-increase-in-2022-annual-results-revenue-21-ebitda-29-successful-catalyst-strategic-plan-completed-one-year-early-650.htm,VISIATIV: SHARP INCREASE IN 2022 ANNUAL RESULTS: REVENUE +21% - EBITDA +29% - SUCCESSFUL CATALYST STRATEGIC PLAN COMPLETED ONE YEAR EARLY,Up +21% in 2022  o/w +11% organic[1] and o/w +59% internationally EBITDA of €28.4m in 2022  representing an EBITDA margin of 11.0% Proforma[2] EBITDA of €30.6m with acquisitions in 2022 €24.5m,"Up +21% in 2022  o/w +11% organic[1] and o/w +59% internationallyEBITDA of €28.4m in 2022  representing an EBITDA margin of 11.0%Proforma[2] EBITDA of €30.6m with acquisitions in 2022€24.5m in operating cash flow and €58m in available cash at end-2022Lyon  21 March 2023 - 5:45 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV).On the back of robust momentum in Q4  Visiativ enjoyed brisk growth in revenue for 2022  recording an annual increase of +21% to €258.8m which was characterised by another year of double-digit organic1 growth across all businesses. ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) of SaaS subscriptions came in at €27.4m at end-2022  up by a considerable +37% (+23% organic1).Buoyed by the strong performance of its two core businesses - SOFTWARE and CONSULTING - the upbeat international growth (+59% of growth o/w +29% organic) and the successful integration of recent acquisitions  Visiativ posted record annual EBITDA of €28.4m  up +29%. As a result  the Group's EBITDA margin for 2022 ended at 11.0% vs. 10.3% in the year-earlier period.On a proforma basis1  by consolidating all of the acquisitions for the entire FY 2022  proforma EBITDA stood at €30.6m  which enabled Visiativ to reach the €30m target in 2022  a year ahead of schedule. Under the CATALYST plan  this target was initially set for 2023.Data in €m - Audited dataaFrench accounting standards 2021(12 months) 2022(12 months) Change Revenue 214.4 258.8 +21% EBITDAb 22.1 28.4 +29% EBITDA margin (%) 10.3% 11.0% Operating income 15.0 19.0 +27% Operating margin (%) 7.0% 7.3% Net income (Group share) 9.7 11.1 +14%a The full-year financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on 20 March 2023. An audit procedure of the consolidated financial statements was conducted and the statutory auditors' report is being preparedb Earnings before depreciation and amortisation of intangible assetsAt the end of FY 2022  Visiativ's consolidated revenue came to €258.8m  up +21% compared with the previous year. At constant scope and exchange rates  growth reached +11%  marking another year of double-digit organic growth1 across all businesses.The SOFTWARE business generated revenue of €168.6m  representing an annual increase of +19% o/w +11% organic. Recurring business (multi-year contracts  software maintenance and SaaS subscriptions) increased 22% over the year (+12% at constant scope and exchange rates)  accounting for 67% of the Group's annual revenue. SaaS subscriptions increased sharply over the year: ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) totalled €27.4m at 31 December 2022  up +37% (+23% organic1).The CONSULTING business achieved sustained growth of +24% in 2022 (+12% organic) for all business lines  with 78 new digital diagnostics contracts signed in 2022 versus 44 signed in 2021.As in previous years  2022 was a year of upbeat international growth  with sales outside France up +59% over the year  o/w +29% organic. In 2022  international business accounted for 36% of activity  compared with 27% one year prior.+29% GROWTH IN EBITDA TO €28.4M  REPRESENTING AN EBITDA MARGIN OF 11.0%Visiativ recorded 2022 EBITDA[3] of €28.4m  up +29% year-on-year. Visiativ generated new record profitability  with an EBITDA margin at 11.0%  compared with 10.3% in 2021.The rise in personnel costs  due to changes in the scope of consolidation and business expansion in the United States  was kept under control (+18%). Other operating expenses increased by 41%  due to changes in the scope of consolidation and higher travel and marketing expenses  which were not at their normative level in 2021 due to the health context.In France  Visiativ posted a stable EBITDA margin of 9.9% (vs. 9.9% in 2021 and 7.5% in 2020).International profitability was higher with EBITDA margin of 12.8% compared to 11.2% a year earlier  on the back of strong revenue growth.After booking net depreciation and amortisation  operating income totalled €19.0m  up +27% relative to 2021  and representing an operating margin of 7.3% (vs. 7.0%).Financial expense stood at -€3.2m vs. -€2.1m in 2021. This was primarily made up of interest expenses (€2.9m).Net income Group share came to €11.1m  up +14% and representing full-year net margin of 4.3%. This included corporate tax of €3.5m vs. €2.0m  driven by robust growth in earnings for international subsidiaries.In view of this solid performance  the Board of Directors decided on 20 March 2023 to propose to the shareholders  at the Annual General Meeting of 25 May 2023  the payment of a dividend of €1.10 per share in cash for the 2022 financial year.€24.5M IN OPERATING CASH FLOW IN 2022 AND €58M IN AVAILABLE CASH AT END-2022Cash flow at end-2022 amounted to +€27.2m  vs. +€24.0m a year earlier.After a controlled change in working capital requirements (-€2.7m)  Visiativ reported high operating cash flow of +€24.5m in 2022.Investment flows totalled -€34.2m  of which -€23.6m was devoted to external growth operations (acquisitions of MB CAD  Daxium  Braithwaite  Absiskey and the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI)  -€8.4m to R&D capex and -€2.5m in other investments.Financing flows amounted to +€5.0m  with +€6.1m in net debt issuance  a +€1.0m capital increase in 2022  and a -€2.1m dividend payout in respect of 2021.In all  the change in cash and cash equivalents amounted to -€10.8m for 2022  compared with +€3.5m for 2021.At 31 December 2022  Visiativ's available cash totalled €57.9m for loans and financial debts of €107.8m  including the €33.5m state-backed loan (PGE)  which is being repaid on a straight-line basis over four years since May 2022.In October 2022  Visiativ completed a new round of financing for a total of €115m[4]  including a new senior loan (CAPEX loan) for up to €70m (€50m undrawn) aimed at supporting its next strategic plan while significantly extending the average maturity of its debt.At end-FY 2022  net financial debt[5] totalled €49.9m and shareholders' equity amounted to €74.3m  representing net gearing of 67%.2022: A YEAR OF PROGRESS IN VISIATIV'S 4 CSR PRIORITY AREASFor Visiativ  2022 was also a year of further improvement in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and the four priority areas of its CSR policy (Responsibility to all stakeholders  Employee experience  Societal footprint and Ecosystem  and Environmental footprint)  which aligned with the SMART non-financial ambitions for 2023 set out in the CATALYST plan.Regarding these four priorities  particular attention was paid to the following areas of improvement in 2022:Carbon footprint - reduction in the Group's scopes 1  2 and 3: 2% reduction in GHG emissions per employee compared to 2019 against -5% expected in the strategic plan for 2022;Gender equality - increase in the representation of women in the total workforce: 32% women in the workforce by 31/12/2022 in line with the strategic plan for 2022;Inclusion of people with disabilities - increase in the number of employees with disabilities: 21 employees with disabilities on 31/12/2022 against 15 planned in the strategic plan for 2022.Future talent development - increase in the share of work placement students in the workforce: 8% of the workforce by 31/12/2022 compared to 6% foreseen in the strategic plan for 2022.Visiativ has also decided to link its new financing to its ESG (Environment  Social and Governance) performance  and in doing so  will benefit from a bonus on the margin applicable to all these new sources of financing  in line with the objectives set.Following the 2022 Gaïa Research campaign  Visiativ ranked 62nd out of the 384 rated companies (up +10 places vs. 2021) with an overall score of 71/100  placing the Group in the Top 10 companies for the IT sector category (66 companies). The non-financial rating agency placed Visiativ in the Gold category.OUTLOOKWith €30.6m in EBITDA on a proforma basis[6]  in 2022  the Group achieved its EBITDA target - set in early 2020 as part of the CATALYST plan launch - a year ahead of schedule  thereby reaching a new milestone in terms of financial performance.In an uncertain economic environment  Visiativ is approaching 2023 with confidence and will seek to strengthen the pillars of its development which underpinned its success in 2022  namely to:Strengthen its value proposition through its Visiativ Innovation Platform;Consolidate its Visiativ Agora technology platform;Continue its growth momentum in international business;Develop its subscription model by capitalising on its recurring business;Accelerate its growth by making further accretive acquisitions.In September 2023  Visiativ will outline its new longer-term ambitions as well as a new strategic plan.FINANCIAL CALENDAREVENTS DATES Q1 2023 revenues Tuesday 25 April  2023 Annual General Meeting Thursday 25 May  2023 Q2 2023 revenues Wednesday 26 July  2023 H1 2023 results Tuesday 19 September  2023 Q3 2023 revenues Tuesday 24 October  2023 Full-year 2023 revenue Wednesday 24 January 2024 Full-year 2023 results Tuesday 19 March 2024These dates are an indication and may be changed if necessary. All publications will be issued after close of trading markets on Euronext Paris.ABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 23 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €259 million in 2022. Visiativ is present in 14 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  Poland  the United Kingdom  U.A.E  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 400 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.comVISIATIV CONTACTLydia JOUVALExternal CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)4 78 87 29 29lydia.jouval@visiativ.com INVESTOR CONTACTACTUSMathieu OMNESTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr PRESS CONTACTACTUSSerena BONITel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.fr[1] growth at constant consolidation scope  restated for the consolidations of Absiskey (as of 1 October 2022)  Daxium and Braithwaite (as of 1 July 2022)  MB CAD (as of 1 April 2022)  the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI (as of 1 January 2022)  Ma-Sauvegarde and IFTC (as of 1 July 2021)  AJ Solutions (as of 1 April 2021)  and at constant exchange rates.[2] by consolidating Absiskey  Daxium  Braithwaite  MB CAD and the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI for the entire FY 2022.[3] Earnings before depreciation and amortisation of intangible assets[4] See press release of 13 October 2022[5] Available cash - Borrowings and financial debts[6] by consolidating Absiskey  Daxium  Braithwaite  MB CAD and the Brazilian subsidiary ABGI for the entire FY 2022.------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:lWxqZ5ubaJmXlp1wYZWbaGVnm5dml2HFaJeZlGFwl5bFb29glZxpZpzJZnBpnm5q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-78994-visiativ-pr-fy-results-2022-20230321-en.pdf",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['SUCCESSFUL CATALYST STRATEGIC PLAN', 'SHARP INCREASE', '2022 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'VISIATIV', 'REVENUE', 'EBITDA', '78 new digital diagnostics contracts', 'high operating cash flow', 'Net income Group share', 'French accounting standards', ""statutory auditors' report"", 'double-digit organic growth1', 'new record profitability', 'working capital requirements', 'full-year financial statements', 'double-digit organic1 growth', 'external growth operations', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Other operating expenses', 'full-year net margin', 'two core businesses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'upbeat international growth', 'record annual EBITDA', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'stable EBITDA margin', 'strong revenue growth', 'The SOFTWARE business', 'Operating income', 'digital transformation', 'multi-year contracts', 'International profitability', 'Recurring business', 'Operating margin', 'annual revenue', 'consolidated revenue', 'annual increase', 'international business', 'strong performance', 'Financial expense', 'available cash', 'international subsidiaries', 'marketing expenses', 'interest expenses', 'net depreciation', 'Euronext Growth', 'brisk growth', 'sustained growth', 'business lines', 'business expansion', 'robust growth', 'Change Revenue', 'innovation expert', 'robust momentum', 'SaaS subscriptions', 'considerable +', 'successful integration', 'year-earlier period', 'CATALYST plan', 'audit procedure', 'intangible assets', 'exchange rates', 'software maintenance', 'previous years', 'personnel costs', 'United States', 'higher travel', 'normative level', 'health context', 'corporate tax', 'solid performance', 'controlled change', 'Investment flows', 'medium-sized businesses', '2022 financial year', 'proforma basis', 'CONSULTING business', 'proforma EBITDA', 'entire FY', '€30m target', 'constant scope', 'recent acquisitions', '+29% GROWTH', '2022 EBITDA', 'end', 'Lyon', '21 March', 'Visiativ', 'small', 'Paris', 'ALVIV', 'back', 'ARR', 'result', 'schedule', 'Data', 'EBITDAb', 'Board', 'Directors', '20 March', 'Earnings', 'amortisation', '31 December', 'sales', 'France', 'activity', 'rise', 'changes', 'consolidation', 'view', 'shareholders', '25 May', 'payment', '5:45', '11.0', '2023', '10.']",2023-03-05,2023-03-21,finanznachrichten.de
20922,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58614719-wolters-kluwer-compliance-solutions-shares-insights-in-response-to-silicon-valley-bank-and-signature-bank-collapse-004.htm,Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions shares insights in response to Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank collapse,In the wake of the recent collapse of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and Signature Bank-and subsequent banking industry developments in the U.S. and elsewhere-markets and the public should be reassured by,"In the wake of the recent collapse of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and Signature Bank-and subsequent banking industry developments in the U.S. and elsewhere-markets and the public should be reassured by the response of federal regulators to cover depositors and to help maintain confidence and stability in the resilient U.S. banking system amid challenging economic times. That's according to a senior regulatory compliance expert at Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions.""Identifying the root causes leading to the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank is still very much a work in progress. Significant  meaningful efforts are underway in the federal government to comprehensively investigate and review these failures and help avert additional problems "" said Timothy Burniston  Senior Advisor  Regulatory Strategy for Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions. ""However  what we can point to in the early days of these developments is that regulators and major banks are collectively working to stem further losses and instill confidence.""Federal regulators moved promptly following the failures of SVB and Signature to ensure that customers were able to access all of their deposits  beyond the $250 000 insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. First Republic Bank  meanwhile  received $30 billion in deposits from 11 major banks as part of an effort to support that institution.""This past weekend  we saw further mitigation efforts by the Federal Reserve and five central banks across the globe with the announcement of a coordinated expansion in the frequency of dollar swap line arrangements to help boost liquidity as part of a growing response to banking industry turmoil. We also saw UBS announce its acquisition of Credit Suisse to help shore up global markets "" he noted. ""And we expect more positive measures by regulators and the industry to address and calm the current turbulence in the industry in the days to come.""Burniston cites economic factors that may have played a role in these collapses  reinforced by Wolters Kluwers' most recent Regulatory Risk Management Indicator survey  the results of which indicated that 73% of respondents were highly concerned about interest rate increases.He emphasized that for each failed institution  resolution and review processes should be allowed to play out and that close attention should be paid to the lessons learned to help others avoid the same fate.""Although there are many open questions that will be answered in the coming weeks  we should be encouraged by the regulators and industry leaders that stepped forward assertively and decisively to help prevent far greater detrimental effects to the banking industry "" said Burniston.Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions is a market leader and trusted provider of risk management and regulatory compliance solutions and services to U.S. banks  credit unions  insurers and securities firms. The business  which sits within Wolters Kluwer's Financial Corporate Compliance (FCC) division  helps these financial institutions efficiently manage risk and regulatory compliance obligations  and gain the insights needed to focus on better serving their customers and growing their business.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230321005817/en/Contacts:Media Contacts for Wolters Kluwer Financial Corporate Compliance division:Paul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsGlobal Branding CommunicationsWolters KluwerOffice +44 20 3197 6586Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comDavid FeiderCorporate Communications Manager  Banking Regulatory ComplianceWolters KluwerTel: +1 612-852-7966David.Feider@wolterskluwer.com",neutral,0.0,0.84,0.16,mixed,0.13,0.03,0.85,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'Signature Bank collapse', 'insights', 'response', 'recent Regulatory Risk Management Indicator survey', 'resilient U.S. banking system', 'Wolters Kluwer Financial Corporate Compliance division', 'dollar swap line arrangements', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'senior regulatory compliance expert', 'subsequent banking industry developments', 'Banking Regulatory Compliance', 'regulatory compliance solutions', 'regulatory compliance obligations', 'U.S. banks', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'interest rate increases', 'many open questions', 'greater detrimental effects', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'First Republic Bank', 'banking industry turmoil', 'challenging economic times', 'Significant, meaningful efforts', 'five central banks', 'Global Branding Communications', 'expert solutions', 'FCC) division', 'recent collapse', 'corporate performance', 'software solutions', 'Regulatory Strategy', 'Wolters Kluwers', 'financial institutions', 'Senior Advisor', 'Senior Director', 'External Communications', 'major banks', 'mitigation efforts', 'economic factors', 'federal government', 'Federal Reserve', 'global leader', 'Signature Bank', 'industry leaders', 'root causes', 'additional problems', 'coordinated expansion', 'Credit Suisse', 'positive measures', 'current turbulence', 'review processes', 'close attention', 'same fate', 'coming weeks', 'market leader', 'trusted provider', 'credit unions', 'securities firms', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Paul Lyon', 'Paul.Lyon', 'David Feider', 'David.Feider', 'global markets', 'federal regulators', 'early days', 'growing response', 'professional information', 'Media Contacts', 'Timothy Burniston', 'wake', 'SVB', 'depositors', 'confidence', 'stability', 'work', 'progress', 'failures', 'losses', 'customers', 'deposits', 'part', 'globe', 'announcement', 'frequency', 'liquidity', 'acquisition', 'role', 'collapses', 'results', 'respondents', 'resolution', 'lessons', 'others', 'services', 'insurers', 'business', 'insights', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer']",2023-03-05,2023-03-21,finanznachrichten.de
20923,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/21/markets-bounce-back-following-rescue-of-credit-suisse/,Markets bounce back following rescue of Credit Suisse,Euronext Dublin finished the day up 2.5%  outperforming many of its international peers with a cross-sectional rebound,Global stock markets rebounded on Tuesday after the US and UK governments made fresh assurances over the stability of the banking sector following a string of bank failures.DublinEuronext Dublin finished the day up 2.5 per cent  outperforming many of its international peersThe boost for the market was described as “cross-sectional” by a trader  who said the general market moved higher.“Maybe investors feel the problems have been resolved regarding the Credit Suisse debacle and the potential for contagion to the other banks ” he added.READ MOREBank of Ireland was up 6.8 per cent at close of business  while AIB moved 5.6 per cent higher. “They made back a lot of the losses that were incurred in the banking sector in recent days ” the trader said.Other positive sectors including the industrials  where building materials giant CRH was up 1.7 per cent.Among the paper names  box-maker Smurfit Kappa climbed 2 per cent. Elsewhere  the airlines also climbed higher with Ryanair up 4.3 per cent and EasyJet up 2.5 per cent.Some of the food names sank into the red  however  with Kerry Group finishing the day down 1.6 per cent.LondonStocks rebounded across the Irish Sea as the UK chancellor said the government “stands ready” to act if there is instability in the global markets as they adjust to a period of higher interest rates.The FTSE 100 recorded its strongest day this year  closing 1.79 per cent higher  driven by positive sessions for the banking firms  which sprang back after a recent sell-off.NatWest surged up of the blue-chip index with its share price jumping 5.7 per cent. Barclays was close behind with shares up 5 per cent  while Standard Chartered and Lloyds were also trading higher.In company news  Just Eat said it was cutting about 1 700 delivery driver jobs and 170 head office roles after a slowdown in demand. Investors did not appear to be deterred by the move and its share price lifted by 1 per cent at the end of the day.Tesco customers expressed their disappointed after the supermarket told Clubcard holders it was cutting the value of rewards so that it could continue to keep prices low. Shares in the UK’s biggest supermarket lifted by 2.8 per cent.Meanwhile  B&Q owner Kingfisher said it expected its falling profits to drop even further this year  after balancing rising costs with attempts to maintain prices for customers. Its value slipped by 1.5 per cent.EuropeBanking stocks  which seem headed for their biggest monthly slide in three years  rose 3.9 per cent  helping lift the regional Stoxx 600 index by 1.4 per cent.Analysts said the Swiss government-backed takeover of Credit Suisse by UBS helped soothe concerns over European financial stability  even though a wipeout of some Credit Suisse bondholders has sent shock waves through bank debt markets.On the continent  the German Dax closed 1.75 per cent higher while the French Cac climbed 1.42 per cent.New YorkWall Street’s main indexes climbed after the rescue of Credit Suisse calmed nerves about a bigger banking crisis  while investors awaited the outcome of the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.Boosting the S&P 500  big US banks JPMorgan Chase  Citigroup and Bank of America jumped 3-4 per cent.Beaten-down regional lenders also climbed  with First Republic Bank rebounding nearly 40 per cent after hitting a record low on Monday.PacWest Bancorp and Western Alliance Bancorp rose 15.5 per cent and 16.1 per cent respectively.Among big movers  Meta Platforms gained 0.4 per cent after Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock to “overweight” from “equal weight”  while Tesla jumped 5.9 per cent on expectations of a strong quarter in China following the latest retail sales data.At 11.35am eastern time  the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.75 per cent; the S&P 500 was up 0.85 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite was up 0.84 per cent. (Additional reporting: Agencies),neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,mixed,0.11,0.08,0.82,True,English,"['Credit Suisse', 'Markets', 'rescue', 'building materials giant CRH', 'latest retail sales data', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'higher interest rates', '1,700 delivery driver jobs', '170 head office roles', 'B&Q owner', 'Swiss government-backed takeover', '11.35am eastern time', 'biggest monthly slide', 'regional Stoxx 600 index', 'Western Alliance Bancorp', 'bigger banking crisis', 'Credit Suisse debacle', 'Other positive sectors', 'European financial stability', 'Credit Suisse bondholders', 'First Republic Bank', 'bank debt markets', 'Global stock markets', 'big US banks', 'global markets', 'other banks', 'positive sessions', 'blue-chip index', 'PacWest Bancorp', 'big movers', 'banking sector', 'banking firms', 'fresh assurances', 'bank failures', 'international peers', 'recent days', 'paper names', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'food names', 'Kerry Group', 'Irish Sea', 'The FTSE 100', 'recent sell-off', 'Standard Chartered', 'company news', 'Just Eat', 'Clubcard holders', 'biggest supermarket', 'falling profits', 'rising costs', 'three years', 'shock waves', 'German Dax', 'French Cac', 'New York', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', 'Federal Reserve', 'monetary policy', 'S&P 500', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Meta Platforms', 'Morgan Stanley', 'equal weight', 'strong quarter', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Additional reporting', 'per cent', 'Banking stocks', 'UK governments', 'UK chancellor', 'Euronext Dublin', 'general market', 'share price', 'Tesco customers', 'strongest day', '16.1 per', 'Tuesday', 'string', 'boost', 'trader', 'investors', 'problems', 'potential', 'contagion', 'READ', 'Ireland', 'close', 'business', 'AIB', 'lot', 'losses', 'industrials', 'box-maker', 'airlines', 'Ryanair', 'EasyJet', 'London', 'instability', 'period', 'NatWest', 'Barclays', 'shares', 'Lloyds', 'slowdown', 'demand', 'end', 'value', 'rewards', 'prices', 'Kingfisher', 'attempts', 'Analysts', 'UBS', 'concerns', 'wipeout', 'continent', 'rescue', 'nerves', 'outcome', 'Citigroup', 'America', 'record', 'Monday', 'Tesla', 'expectations', 'China', 'Agencies', '2.5', '0.4']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,irishtimes.com
20924,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ORDINA And CROSSWOOD On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/Qmvhfa3HbC(VIANE… https://t.co/rO2rf3HELI,nan,ORDINA And CROSSWOOD On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/Qmvhfa3HbC(VIANE… https://t.co/rO2rf3HELI,neutral,0.12,0.83,0.06,neutral,0.12,0.83,0.06,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'Qmvhfa3HbC', 'VIANE', 'Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'Qmvhfa3HbC', 'VIANE']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20925,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext rapeseed futures crash through €450/mt  no bottom in sight https://t.co/y7FccuS2pI,nan,Euronext rapeseed futures crash through €450/mt  no bottom in sight https://t.co/y7FccuS2pI,negative,0.0,0.38,0.61,negative,0.0,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['futures crash', 'Euronext', 'bottom', 'sight', 'futures crash', 'Euronext', 'bottom', 'sight']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20926,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out my #BANK analysis on @TradingView: https://t.co/kxGyu8f0AM #euronext #banques #finance,nan,Check out my #BANK analysis on @TradingView: https://t.co/kxGyu8f0AM #euronext #banques #finance,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['euronext', 'banques', 'finance', 'euronext', 'banques', 'finance']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20927,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Metaverse Platform Engage To Cancel Trading On Euronext - Law360 https://t.co/ERVI2ligvV,nan,Metaverse Platform Engage To Cancel Trading On Euronext - Law360 https://t.co/ERVI2ligvV,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Metaverse Platform', 'Trading', 'Euronext', 'Law360', 'ERVI2ligvV', 'Metaverse Platform', 'Trading', 'Euronext', 'Law360', 'ERVI2ligvV']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20928,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Dublin finished the day up 2.5%  outperforming many of its international peers with a cross-sectional rebo… https://t.co/PA209vs8ry,nan,Euronext Dublin finished the day up 2.5%  outperforming many of its international peers with a cross-sectional rebo… https://t.co/PA209vs8ry,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'cross-sectional rebo', 'day', 'PA209vs8ry', 'Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'cross-sectional rebo', 'day', 'PA209vs8ry']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20929,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We're pleased to be selected as one of 20 companies on the Euronext #BELESG Index  the new domestic ESG index for B… https://t.co/UVdQoJh1Ni,nan,We're pleased to be selected as one of 20 companies on the Euronext #BELESG Index  the new domestic ESG index for B… https://t.co/UVdQoJh1Ni,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['new domestic ESG index', 'Euronext #BELESG Index', '20 companies', 'UVdQoJh1Ni', 'new domestic ESG index', 'Euronext #BELESG Index', '20 companies', 'UVdQoJh1Ni']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20930,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Telenet's Financial Instruments Resume Trading on Euronext Brussels on 21/03/2023Full news:… https://t.co/JFsUZZorKM,nan,Telenet's Financial Instruments Resume Trading on Euronext Brussels on 21/03/2023Full news:… https://t.co/JFsUZZorKM,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Instruments', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Full news', 'Telenet', 'Trading', 'JFsUZZorKM', '21', 'Financial Instruments', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Full news', 'Telenet', 'Trading', 'JFsUZZorKM', '21']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20931,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 129 83 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/7aQaDp22id,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 129 83 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/7aQaDp22id,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'aQaDp22id', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'aQaDp22id']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20932,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@FerrettiGroup’s board of directors have agreed to proceed with the company’s plan to list on the Euronext Milano e… https://t.co/Jm6rECOsZK,nan,@FerrettiGroup’s board of directors have agreed to proceed with the company’s plan to list on the Euronext Milano e… https://t.co/Jm6rECOsZK,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.03,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext Milano', 'board', 'directors', 'company', 'plan', 'Jm6rECOsZK', 'Euronext Milano', 'board', 'directors', 'company', 'plan', 'Jm6rECOsZK']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
20933,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 099 26 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/ctZrlgknan,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 099 26 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/ctZrlgknan,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'ctZrlgknan', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'ctZrlgknan']",2023-03-21,2023-03-21,Unknown
