UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
42239,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SPECTRUM-BRANDS-HOLDINGS--45081118/news/Spectrum-Brands-Form-8-K-46911222/,Spectrum Brands : Form 8-K,(marketscreener.com)   UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   WASHINGTON  DC 20549   FORM 8-K   CURRENT REPORT   PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   Date of Report :...https://www.market…,"UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON  DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 4  2024 SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS  INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Delaware 001-4219 74-1339132 (State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) SB/RH HOLDINGS  LLC (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Delaware 333-192634-03 27-2812840 (State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) 3001 Deming Way Middleton  Wisconsin 53562 (Address of principal executive offices) (608) 275-3340 (Registrant's telephone number  including area code) Not applicable (Former Name or Former Address  if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§232.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Spectrum Brands Holdings  Inc. ☐ SB/RH Holdings  LLC ☐ If an emerging growth company  indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Spectrum Brands Holdings  Inc. ☐ SB/RH Holdings  LLC ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Registrant Title of Each Class Trading Name of Exchange Symbol On Which Registered Spectrum Brands Holdings  Inc. Common Stock  $0.01 par value SPB New York Stock ExchangeItem 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. In connection with the previously announced tender offer (the ""Tender Offer"") by Spectrum Brands  Inc. (the ""Company"")  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Spectrum Brands Holdings  Inc. (the ""Parent"")  the Company solicited consents (the ""Consent Solicitation"") to amend each of the indentures governing the 4.00% Senior Notes due 2026 (the ""2026 Notes"")  the 5.00% Senior Notes due 2029 (the ""2029 Notes"") and the 5.50% Senior Notes due 2030 (the ""2030 Notes"" and  together with the 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes  the ""Consent Notes"") for certain ""Proposed Amendments"" described in the related Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement  dated May 20  2024  as amended and supplemented by the press release  dated June 4  2024  attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 (as so amended and supplemented  the ""Offer to Purchase""). Adoption of the Proposed Amendments with respect to each series of Consent Notes required the requisite consents applicable to each series of Consent Notes as described in the Offer to Purchase (the ""Requisite Consents""). Following the receipt of the Requisite Consents with respect to each series of Consent Notes  the Company entered into a (i) supplemental indenture  dated as of June 4  2024 (the ""2026 Supplemental Indenture"")  by and among the Company  the guarantors party thereto (the ""Guarantors"")  U.S. Bank Trust Company  National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association)  as trustee (the ""Trustee"")  Elavon Financial Services DAC  UK Branch  as paying agent and Elavon Financial Services DAC  as registrar and transfer agent  relating to the 2026 Notes  (ii) supplemental indenture  dated as of June 4  2024 (the ""2029 Supplemental Indenture"")  by and among the Company  the Guarantors and the Trustee  relating to the 2029 Notes and (iii) supplemental indenture  dated as of June 4  2024 (the ""2030 Supplemental Indenture"" and  together with the 2026 Supplemental Indenture and 2029 Supplemental Indenture  the ""Supplemental Indentures"")  by and among the Company  the Guarantors and the Trustee  relating to the 2030 Notes  to effect the Proposed Amendments. The Supplemental Indentures shorten the notice periods for the redemption of the Consent Notes and eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants and certain events of default under each indenture governing the Consent Notes  among other things. The foregoing summary of each of the Supplemental Indentures does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2026 Supplemental Indenture  the 2029 Supplemental Indenture and the 2030 Supplemental Indenture  copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1  Exhibit 4.2 and Exhibit 4.3  respectively  and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. On June 3  2024  Spectrum Brands received the Requisite Consents for the Proposed Amendments in the 2026 Supplemental Indenture  the 2029 Supplemental Indenture and the 2030 Supplemental Indenture. Item 8.01 Other Events. On June 4  2024  the Parent issued a press release announcing (i) the early tender results for the Tender Offer by the Company  for the 2026 Notes  2029 Notes  2030 Notes and 3.875% Senior Notes due 2031 (the ""2031 Notes"" and  together with the Consent Notes  the ""Notes"") and (ii) the results for the Consent Solicitation to amend each of the indentures governing the 2026 Notes  2029 Notes and 2030 Notes. As of 5:00 p.m.  New York City Time on June 3  2024  €407 340 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes  or approximately 95.84% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes  $284 231 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes  or approximately 98.32% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes  $142 475 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes  or approximately 91.49% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes  and $375 107 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes  or approximately 90.67% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes  had been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn and related consents  if applicable  thereby validly delivered and not validly revoked in the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation. In addition  the press release announced that the Company has amended the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation to increase the previously announced maximum aggregate purchase price (including accrued and unpaid interest  which also will be paid to  but excluding  the applicable settlement date  but excluding fees and expenses relating to the Tender Offer) of the Notes that may be purchased from $925.0 million to $1 160.5 million  as described in the Offer to Purchase. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Subsequently  on June 4  2024  the Parent issued a press release announcing the pricing and accepted tender amounts for the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation by the Company. The Company expects to accept for purchase €407 340 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes  or approximately 95.84% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes  $284 231 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes  or approximately 98.32% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes  $142 475 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes  or approximately 91.49% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes  and $285 681 000 aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes  or approximately 69.05% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes  for a combined aggregate purchase price of approximately $1 160.5 million  including accrued and unpaid interest to  but excluding  the applicable settlement date. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. 1Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are being filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K. Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Supplemental Indenture  dated as of June 4  2024  by and among Spectrum Brands  Inc.  the guarantors named therein  U.S. Bank Trust Company  National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association)  as trustee  Elavon Financial Services DAC  UK Branch  as paying agent and Elavon Financial Services DAC  as registrar and transfer agent  relating to the 2026 Notes. 4.2 Supplemental Indenture  dated as of June 4  2024  by and among Spectrum Brands  Inc.  the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company  National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association)  as trustee  relating to the 2029 Notes. 4.3 Supplemental Indenture  dated as of June 4  2024  by and among Spectrum Brands  Inc.  the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company  National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association)  as trustee  relating to the 2030 Notes. Press release dated June 4  2024 announcing the early results and upsizing of the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation Press release dated June 4  2024 announcing the pricing terms and accepted tender amounts for the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document) 2SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: June 4  2024 SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS  INC. By: /s/ Jeremy W. Smeltser Name: Jeremy W. Smeltser Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer SB/RH HOLDINGS  LLC By: /s/ Jeremy W. Smeltser Name: Jeremy W. Smeltser Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 3Exhibit 4.1 SPECTRUM BRANDS  INC. AND THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN  AND U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  as Trustee  ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC  UK BRANCH  as Paying Agent  AND ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC  as Registrar and Transfer Agent SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of June 4  2024 to the Indenture Dated as of September 20  2016 4.00% Senior Notes due 2026This SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  dated as of June 4  2024 (this ""Supplemental Indenture"")  among SPECTRUM BRANDS  INC.  a Delaware corporation (the ""Company"")  the Guarantors  U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association)  a national banking association  as Trustee (the ""Trustee"")  ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC  UK BRANCH  as Paying Agent (the ""Paying Agent"")  and ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC  as Registrar and Transfer Agent (the ""Registrar and Transfer Agent"")  under the Indenture (as defined below). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS  the Company has issued its 4.00% Senior Notes due 2026 (the ""Notes"") pursuant to an Indenture  dated as of September 20  2016 (the ""Indenture"") among the Company  the Guarantors  the Trustee  the Paying Agent and the Registrar and Transfer Agent; WHEREAS  the Company has offered to purchase outstanding Notes for cash  pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement  dated May 20  2024 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time) (the ""Tender Offer""); WHEREAS  in connection with the Tender Offer  the Company has requested that Holders of the Notes deliver their consents with respect to the deletion of certain provisions of the Indenture; WHEREAS  Section 9.02 of the Indenture provides that the Company  the Guarantors and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture  the Notes or the Note Guarantees  with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes (including consents obtained in connection with the purchase of  or tender offer or exchange offer for  the Notes); WHEREAS  the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes have duly consented to the proposed modifications set forth in this Supplemental Indenture in accordance with Section 9.02 of the Indenture; WHEREAS  the Company has heretofore delivered  or is delivering contemporaneously herewith  to the Trustee: (i) a copy of resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing the execution of this Supplemental Indenture; (ii) evidence of the consent of the Holders set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph and (iii) the Officers' Certificate and the Opinion of Counsel described in Sections 7.02(2) and 9.06 of the Indenture; and WHEREAS  all conditions necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture and to make this Supplemental Indenture valid and binding have been complied with or performed. NOW  THEREFORE  in consideration of the foregoing and notwithstanding any provision of the Indenture which  absent this Supplemental Indenture  might operate to limit such action  the parties hereto  intending to be legally bound hereby  agree as follows: ARTICLE ONE AMENDMENTS SECTION 1.01 Amendments. Subject to Section 2.01 hereof  the Indenture is hereby amended by modifying the first sentence of Section 3.03(a) in its entirety as follows:If the Company elects to redeem Notes  it must notify the Trustee in writing of the redemption date and the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed by delivering an Officer's Certificate at least two business days before the redemption date (unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the Trustee).Subject to Section 2.01 hereof  the Indenture is hereby amended by modifying the last sentence of Section 3.03(a) in its entirety as follows:Notices of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail  or delivered electronically if held by Clearstream or Euroclear  at least two business days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed at its registered address  except that redemption notices may be delivered more than 60 days prior to the redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with the defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction or discharge of the indenture. Subject to Section 2.01 hereof  the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting in their entireties Sections 4.03  4.04  4.05  4.06  4.07  4.08  4.09  4.11  4.12  4.13  4.14  4.15  4.16  4.17  4.18  4.20  6.01(3)  6.01(4)  6.01(5)  6.01(6)  6.01(8) and 6.01(9) and Article 5 and  in each case  inserting the words ""[ Intentionally Omitted ]"" in lieu thereof. Effective as of the date hereof  none of the Company  the Trustee or other parties to or beneficiaries of the Indenture shall have any rights  obligations or liabilities under such Articles  Sections or Clauses referenced in Section 1.01(c) and such Articles  Sections or Clauses shall not be considered in determining whether an Event of Default has occurred or whether the Company has observed  performed or complied with the provisions of the Indenture. SECTION 1.02 Amendment of Definitions. Subject to Section 2.01 hereof  the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting any definitions from the Indenture with respect to which references would be eliminated as a result of the amendments of the Indenture pursuant to Section 1.01 hereof. To the extent any clause  definition  paragraph  Section or Article of the Indenture has been deleted from the Indenture pursuant to Article One of this Supplemental Indenture  any reference in any provision of the Indenture  any Note or any Note Guarantee to such clause  definition  paragraph  Section or Article shall be disregarded in  and be deemed eliminated from  such provisions. ARTICLE TWO MISCELLANEOUS SECTION 2.01 Effect of Supplemental Indenture. Except as amended hereby  all of the terms of the Indenture shall remain and continue in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed in all respects. From and after the date of this Supplemental Indenture  all references to the Indenture (whether in the Indenture or in any other agreements  documents or instruments) shall be deemed to be references to the Indenture as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture. SECTION 2.02 Effectiveness. The provisions of this Supplemental Indenture shall be effective only upon execution and delivery of this instrument by the parties hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence  the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture shall become operative only at such time as a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes are accepted for purchase by the Company pursuant to the Tender Offer  with the result that the amendments to the Indenture effective by this Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed to be revoked retroactively to the date hereof if such purchase shall not occur. SECTION 2.02 Governing Law. THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. SECTION 2.03 No Representations by Trustee. The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statement of the Company  and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness or completeness of the same.SECTION 2.04 Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts  each of which shall be an original  but such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. The words ""execution "" ""signed "" ""signature "" and words of like import in this Indenture or in any other certificate  agreement or document related to this Indenture  if any  shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including  without limitation  ""pdf "" ""tif"" or ""jpg"") and other electronic signatures (including  without limitation  DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including  without limitation  any contract or other record created  generated  sent  communicated  received  or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect  validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act  the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law  including  without limitation  any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. SECTION 2.05 Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby  the Indenture and the Notes issued thereunder are in all respects ratified and confirmed  and all of the terms  conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture is executed as  and shall constitute an indenture supplemental to the Indenture and shall be construed in connection with and form a part of the Indenture for all purposes  and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. (signature page follows)IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof. SPECTRUM BRANDS  INC. By: /s/ Joanne P. Chomiak Name: Joanne P. Chomiak Title: Senior Vice President SB/RH HOLDINGS  LLC By: /s/ Joanne P. Chomiak Name: Joanne P. Chomiak Title: Senior Vice President APPLICA MEXICO HOLDINGS  INC. By: /s/ Joanne P. Chomiak Name: Joanne P. Chomiak Title: President ALASKA MERGER ACQUISITION CORP. By: /s/ Joanne P. Chomiak Name: Joanne P. Chomiak Title: Treasurer GLOFISH LLC By: /s/ Joanne P. Chomiak Name: Joanne P. Chomiak Title: Vice President and Treasurer ROV HOLDING  INC. By: /s/ Joanne P. Chomiak Name: Joanne P. Chomiak Title: Senior Vice President",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Spectrum Brands', 'Form', 'U.S. Bank National Association', 'U.S. Bank Trust Company', 'SPB New York Stock Exchange', 'I.R.S. Employer', 'Elavon Financial Services DAC', '8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT', 'Inc. Common Stock', 'financial accounting standards', '3001 Deming Way Middleton', 'principal executive offices', 'Form 8-K filing', 'extended transition period', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES', 'SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS', 'Class Trading Name', 'Material Definitive Agreement', 'emerging growth company', 'Consent Solicitation Statement', 'EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON', 'SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT', 'The Supplemental Indentures', 'SB/RH HOLDINGS', 'Securities Act', 'filing obligation', 'Exchange Symbol', 'Last Report', 'Exact Name', 'Former Name', 'earliest event', 'other jurisdiction', 'File Number', 'Identification No.', 'telephone number', 'area code', 'appropriate box', 'following provisions', 'check mark', 'owned subsidiary', 'press release', 'UK Branch', 'paying agent', 'transfer agent', 'notice periods', 'restrictive covenants', 'other things', 'foregoing summary', 'full text', '2026 Supplemental Indenture', '2029 Supplemental Indenture', '2030 Supplemental Indenture', 'requisite consents', 'Consent Notes', 'tender offer', 'related Offer', '4.00% Senior Notes', '5.00% Senior Notes', '5.50% Senior Notes', 'Former Address', 'Pre-commencement communications', 'Proposed Amendments', 'Registrant Title', '2026 Notes', '2029 Notes', '2030 Notes', 'DC', 'SECTION', '1934 Date', 'June', 'Charter', 'Delaware', 'incorporation', 'Wisconsin', 'Written', 'Rule', 'CFR', 'Soliciting', 'chapter', 'checkmark', 'revised', 'Item', 'Entry', 'connection', 'Parent', 'Purchase', 'May', 'Exhibit', 'Adoption', 'respect', 'series', 'receipt', 'guarantors', 'successor', 'trustee', 'registrar', 'redemption', 'events', 'default', 'entirety', 'reference', 'copies']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42240,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/adhoc/17019022EQS-Adhoc-Deutsche-Konsum-REIT-AG-New-CFO-appointed-to-the-Management-Board-of-Deutsche-Konsum-REIT-AG-takes-over-from-the-previous-one-n17019022.html,EQS-Adhoc: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG: New CFO appointed to the Management Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG takes over from the previous one,16:00 Notification of a manager’s t. 06:45 Lalique Group publishes agen. 06:45 Lalique Group veröffentlicht . 04:55 EQS-Adhoc: Nemetschek SE. 04:55 EQS-Adhoc: Nemetschek SE. 05.06 EQS-Adhoc: Binect AG: VE. 05.06 Notification of managers’ tra. 05.06 ...,EQS-Ad-hoc: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): PersonnelDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG: New CFO appointed to the Management Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG takes over from the previous one06-Jun-2024 / 16:07 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG - New CFO appointed to the Management Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG takes over from the previous one Potsdam  6 June 2024 - The Supervisory Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (‘DKR’) (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) today resolved to appoint Mr Kyrill Turchaninov to the company's Management Board with immediate effect. He will take over the duties of the company's former Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  who is leaving the Management Board at the same time. The company's business activities will therefore be managed by the two members of the Management Board  Mr Kyrill Turchaninov (CFO) and Mr Alexander Kroth (CIO). Contact: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG The Management Board Marlene-Dietrich-Allee 12b 14482 Potsdam Phone +49 (0) 331 740 076 - 512 Fax: +49 331 74 00 76 599 E-mail: ak@deutsche-konsum.de06-Jun-2024 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'New CFO', 'Management Board', 'previous one', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'former Chief Financial Officer', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'Key word(s', 'Mr Kyrill Turchaninov', 'Mr Alexander Kroth', 'EQS Group AG', 'Marlene-Dietrich-Allee 12b 14482 Potsdam', 'The Management Board', 'EQS News', 'Supervisory Board', 'previous one', 'inside information', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', 'immediate effect', 'same time', 'business activities', 'two members', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Financial/Corporate News', 'Press Releases', 'New CFO', 'Personnel', 'Jun', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'issuer', 'content', 'DKR', 'company', 'duties', 'CIO', 'Contact', 'Phone', 'Fax', 'mail', 'deutsche-konsum', '24 CET', 'Archive']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,stock-world.de
42241,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-rational-ag-is-back-in-the-mdax-and-welcomes-new-members-to-the-supervisory-board-1033455924,EQS-News: Rational AG is back in the MDAX and welcomes new members to the Supervisory Board,EQS-News: RATIONAL AG    / Key word (s): Personnel Rational AG is back in the MDAX and welcomes new members to the Supervisory Board 06.06.2024 / 07:00 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: RATIONAL AG / Key word(s): PersonnelRational AG is back in the MDAX and welcomes new members to the Supervisory Board06.06.2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Rational AG is back in the MDAX and welcomes new members to the Supervisory BoardLandsberg am Lech  6 June 2024 Deutsche Börse informed the capital market on the evening of 5 June 2024 that Rational was returning to the MDAX. “After our temporary absence  we look forward to being back in the MDAX and hence part of the Dax family again from 24 June 2024 ” reports Rational CEO Dr Peter Stadelmann.The three-month exclusion was due to an index criterion not being met at the start of the year. For Deutsche Börse  a formal quality criterion for good corporate governance is that the Chair of the Audit Committee is “independent” according to the German Corporate Governance Code (the Code). The former Chair of the Audit Committee of Rational AG  Dr Hans Maerz  no longer met this criterion due to his long tenure on the Supervisory Board. With a term of office exceeding 12 years  he was no longer considered independent according to the Code. Rational had duly communicated this in its declaration of conformity.The company’s succession plan included several new appointments to the Supervisory Board at the ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 8 May 2024. As planned  Dr Maerz  after serving a little over 12 years  did not stand for re-election to the company’s Supervisory Board. The newly elected Supervisory Board member  Clarissa Käfer  is now the Chair of the Audit Committee. “At Rational  correct  and good corporate governance has always been a core element of the company’s success. We are pleased that by taking this step  we now also once again meet the formal criteria of Deutsche Börse for good corporate governance ” explains Dr Stadelmann. “We thank Dr Maerz for his many years of successful service on the Supervisory Board. We cannot imagine a better successor than Ms Käfer. As an auditor and tax consultant  she is a proven expert in finance and accounting  and also knows our industry ” the CEO adds.Alongside Ms Käfer  Dr Christoph Lintz and Mr Moritz Graser  son of Mr Walter Kurtz  were also newly appointed to the company’s Supervisory Board. Walter Kurtz  Erich Baumgärtner  Werner Schwind and Dr Johannes Würbser were confirmed as members of the board. Mr Kurtz was re-elected as Chair of the Supervisory Board. The new composition of the Supervisory Board indicates a clear rejuvenation and an orderly generational shift. It is also the first time that a woman is part of the board.Across the Group  Rational has more than 2 600 employees  referred to internally as U.i.U.s (Entrepreneurs in the Company). “Our U.i.U.s are the key to our success and make Rational a great company. We have a great deal of confidence in our U.i.U.s and expect them to do their best to offer our customers the best possible benefit ” says the CEO. The employees seem to appreciate this. According to the latest survey  87 percent of them are proud to work at Rational.Contact:Rational AktiengesellschaftStefan Arnold / Head of Investor RelationsTel. +49 (0)8191 327-2209Fax +49 (0)8191 327-72 2209E-mail: ir@rational-online.comrational-online.comEditorial note:The Rational Group is the global market and technology leader for thermal preparation of food in professional kitchens. The company  founded in 1973  employs more than 2 600 people  around 1 480 of whom are in Germany. Rational was floated in the Prime Standard of the German stock market in 2000.The company’s principal objective is to offer maximum customer benefit at all times. Rational is committed to the principle of sustainability  which is expressed in its corporate policies on environmental protection  leadership  job security and social responsibility. Numerous international awards bear witness to the high quality of the work done by Rational’s employees year for year.,neutral,0.33,0.66,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.21,True,English,"['Rational AG', 'new members', 'Supervisory Board', 'EQS-News', 'MDAX', 'U.i.U.s', 'Rational CEO Dr Peter Stadelmann', 'Dr Johannes Würbser', 'German Corporate Governance Code', 'good corporate governance', 'Deutsche Börse', 'ordinary General Meeting', 'Clarissa Käfer', 'Ms Käfer', 'Dr Christoph Lintz', 'Erich Baumgärtner', 'orderly generational shift', 'best possible benefit', 'maximum customer benefit', 'Numerous international awards', 'German stock market', 'Mr Moritz Graser', 'Dr Hans Maerz', 'several new appointments', 'Mr Walter Kurtz', 'Supervisory Board member', 'formal quality criterion', 'The Rational Group', 'Dr Stadelmann', 'Dr Maerz', 'Mr Kurtz', 'corporate policies', 'formal criteria', 'high quality', 'capital market', 'global market', 'new composition', 'temporary absence', 'Dax family', 'three-month exclusion', 'index criterion', 'Audit Committee', 'long tenure', 'succession plan', 'core element', 'successful service', 'tax consultant', 'Werner Schwind', 'clear rejuvenation', 'first time', 'great deal', 'latest survey', 'Stefan Arnold', 'Investor Relations', 'Editorial note', 'technology leader', 'thermal preparation', 'professional kitchens', 'Prime Standard', 'principal objective', 'environmental protection', 'job security', 'social responsibility', 'new members', 'RATIONAL AG', 'Rational Aktiengesellschaft', 'Key word', 'many years', 'former Chair', 'great company', '12 years', 'EQS-News', 'Personnel', 'MDAX', '07:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Landsberg', 'Lech', 'June', 'evening', 'part', 'start', 'term', 'office', 'declaration', 'conformity', 'Shareholders', '8 May', 'election', 'step', 'successor', 'auditor', 'expert', 'finance', 'accounting', 'industry', 'woman', '2,600 employees', 'Entrepreneurs', 'confidence', 'customers', '87 percent', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'mail', 'food', '2,600 people', 'Germany', 'times', 'principle', 'sustainability', 'leadership', 'witness', 'work']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,markets.businessinsider.com
42242,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-b-rses-etr-db1-053104126.html,Deutsche Börse's (ETR:DB1) 10% CAGR outpaced the company's earnings growth over the same five-year period,When we invest  we're generally looking for stocks that outperform the market average. Buying under-rated businesses,When we invest  we're generally looking for stocks that outperform the market average. Buying under-rated businesses is one path to excess returns. To wit  the Deutsche Börse share price has climbed 48% in five years  easily topping the market return of 6.0% (ignoring dividends). However  more recent returns haven't been as impressive as that  with the stock returning just 18% in the last year  including dividends.Since it's been a strong week for Deutsche Börse shareholders  let's have a look at trend of the longer term fundamentals.View our latest analysis for Deutsche BörseTo paraphrase Benjamin Graham: Over the short term the market is a voting machine  but over the long term it's a weighing machine. One way to examine how market sentiment has changed over time is to look at the interaction between a company's share price and its earnings per share (EPS).Over half a decade  Deutsche Börse managed to grow its earnings per share at 15% a year. The EPS growth is more impressive than the yearly share price gain of 8% over the same period. So one could conclude that the broader market has become more cautious towards the stock.You can see below how EPS has changed over time (discover the exact values by clicking on the image).We know that Deutsche Börse has improved its bottom line lately  but is it going to grow revenue? Check if analysts think Deutsche Börse will grow revenue in the future.What About Dividends?When looking at investment returns  it is important to consider the difference between total shareholder return (TSR) and share price return. The TSR is a return calculation that accounts for the value of cash dividends (assuming that any dividend received was reinvested) and the calculated value of any discounted capital raisings and spin-offs. Arguably  the TSR gives a more comprehensive picture of the return generated by a stock. In the case of Deutsche Börse  it has a TSR of 65% for the last 5 years. That exceeds its share price return that we previously mentioned. And there's no prize for guessing that the dividend payments largely explain the divergence!A Different PerspectiveWe're pleased to report that Deutsche Börse shareholders have received a total shareholder return of 18% over one year. And that does include the dividend. Since the one-year TSR is better than the five-year TSR (the latter coming in at 10% per year)  it would seem that the stock's performance has improved in recent times. Given the share price momentum remains strong  it might be worth taking a closer look at the stock  lest you miss an opportunity. Is Deutsche Börse cheap compared to other companies? These 3 valuation measures might help you decide.Story continuesIf you would prefer to check out another company -- one with potentially superior financials -- then do not miss this free list of companies that have proven they can grow earnings.Please note  the market returns quoted in this article reflect the market weighted average returns of stocks that currently trade on German exchanges.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.28,0.34,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'same five-year period', 'earnings growth', 'ETR', '10% CAGR', 'company', 'Deutsche Börse share price', 'Deutsche Börse shareholders', 'yearly share price gain', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'market weighted average returns', 'share price momentum', 'half a decade', 'Simply Wall St', 'share price return', 'total shareholder return', 'longer term fundamentals', 'long-term focused analysis', 'The EPS growth', 'latest analysis', 'market return', 'return calculation', 'excess returns', 'recent returns', 'investment returns', 'short term', 'long term', 'one path', 'five years', 'strong week', 'Benjamin Graham', 'voting machine', 'weighing machine', 'One way', 'market sentiment', 'same period', 'broader market', 'exact values', 'bottom line', 'The TSR', 'capital raisings', 'comprehensive picture', 'last 5 years', 'Different Perspective', 'recent times', '3 valuation measures', 'superior financials', 'free list', 'German exchanges', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'last year', 'one year', 'calculated value', 'one-year TSR', 'five-year TSR', 'closer look', 'other companies', 'dividend payments', 'cash dividends', 'stocks', 'trend', 'interaction', 'earnings', 'image', 'revenue', 'analysts', 'future', 'difference', 'spin-offs', 'case', 'prize', 'divergence', 'performance', 'opportunity', 'Story', 'article', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'editorial-team', 'simplywallst', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,finance.yahoo.com
42243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/june-2024-spotlight-euronext-amsterdam-050640738.html,June 2024 Spotlight On Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating global markets  the Netherlands' stock market remains a point of interest for investors looking for growth opportunities...,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating global markets  the Netherlands' stock market remains a point of interest for investors looking for growth opportunities. Recent economic indicators suggest a cautious but steady environment  making companies with high insider ownership particularly compelling as they often signal strong confidence in the company's future from those who know it best.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI (ENXTAM:BAI) 27.8% 62.8% Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 67.8% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.9% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Underneath we present a selection of stocks filtered out by our screen.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. operates in the environmental technology sector  specializing in the design  development  manufacture  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines (RVMs) for recycling used beverage containers primarily in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe  with a market capitalization of approximately €328.84 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily through the design  development  manufacture  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Insider Ownership: 15.1%Earnings Growth Forecast: 67.8% p.a.Envipco Holding N.V. has shown a remarkable turnaround  transitioning from a net loss in the previous year to reporting substantial earnings and revenue growth. With recent sales reaching €87.58 million and net income at €1.42 million  the company's financial health appears robust. Despite high share price volatility and some shareholder dilution over the past year  Envipco's revenue and earnings are expected to grow significantly above market trends in the coming years  indicating strong future potential amidst its challenges.ENXTAM:ENVI Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a provider of software-as-a-service solutions tailored for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €274.76 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates revenue primarily through its software and programming segment  which amounted to €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.9%Earnings Growth Forecast: 105.8% p.a.MotorK plc  a Dutch growth company with high insider ownership  has experienced some volatility. The firm reported a slight decrease in quarterly revenue to €11.25 million and an increased annual net loss to €13.25 million. Despite these challenges  MotorK is expected to see substantial revenue growth at 24% annually  outpacing the Dutch market's 9.2%. Additionally  it aims for a significant increase in Committed Annual Recurring Revenues (CARR) to €50 million by next year and anticipates profitability within three years.ENXTAM:MTRK Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. operates as a postal and logistics service provider catering to businesses and consumers across the Netherlands  other parts of Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.66 billion.Operations: PostNL's revenue is primarily derived from its Packages and Mail in The Netherlands segments  generating €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 30.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 24.3% p.a.PostNL  though trading at 47.3% below its estimated fair value  faces challenges with a high level of debt and recent shifts to profitability. The company's earnings are expected to significantly increase by 24.3% annually over the next three years  outperforming the Dutch market forecast of 16.2%. However  revenue growth projections remain modest at 3.4% per year  trailing behind the broader Dutch market expectation of 9.2%. Recent financials indicate a net loss in Q1 2024 with sales dropping from €780 million to €763 million year-over-year.ENXTAM:PNL Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Make It HappenGet an in-depth perspective on all 6 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership by using our screener here.Already own these companies? Link your portfolio to Simply Wall St and get alerts on any new warning signs to your stocks.Take control of your financial future using Simply Wall St  offering free  in-depth knowledge of international markets to every investor.Searching for a Fresh Perspective?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ENVIENXTAM:MTRK ENXTAM:PNL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.31,0.55,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'June 2024', 'Spotlight', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'high share price volatility', 'broader Dutch market expectation', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'environmental technology sector', 'reverse vending machines', 'automotive retail industry', 'Annual Recurring Revenues', 'new warning signs', 'free, in-depth knowledge', 'PostNL N.V.', 'fluctuating global markets', 'Dutch market forecast', 'Recent economic indicators', 'revenue growth projections', 'ENVI Ownership Breakdown', 'PNL Ownership Breakdown', 'Dutch growth company', 'substantial revenue growth', 'annual net loss', 'strong future potential', 'logistics service provider', 'next three years', 'The Netherlands segments', ""Netherlands' stock market"", 'growth opportunities', 'high level', 'substantial earnings', 'Ebusco Holding', 'strong confidence', 'market capitalization', 'market trends', 'service solutions', 'international markets', 'coming years', 'net income', 'recent shifts', 'Recent financials', 'MTRK Earnings', 'next year', 'steady environment', 'full list', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'remarkable turnaround', 'financial health', 'shareholder dilution', 'Benelux Union', 'programming segment', 'slight decrease', 'significant increase', 'other parts', 'fair value', 'depth perspective', 'financial future', 'Fresh Perspective', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'quarterly revenue', 'recent sales', 'previous year', 'past year', 'MotorK plc', 'backdrop', 'point', 'interest', 'investors', 'cautious', 'ENXTAM', 'BAI', 'Basic-Fit', 'BFIT', '6 stocks', 'selection', 'Overview', 'design', 'development', 'manufacture', 'lease', 'RVMs', 'recycling', 'Europe', 'Operations', 'challenges', 'Jun', 'software', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Story', 'firm', 'CARR', 'profitability', 'postal', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'debt', 'Q1', 'portfolio', 'alerts', 'control', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', '9.', '24.', '16.']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,finance.yahoo.com
42244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/explore-3-growth-companies-high-060403625.html,Explore These 3 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership On Euronext Paris,As global markets navigate through a landscape marked by heightened inflation and policy adjustments  France's CAC 40 Index has reflected these broader...,As global markets navigate through a landscape marked by heightened inflation and policy adjustments  France's CAC 40 Index has reflected these broader economic challenges with a notable decline. In this context  exploring growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Paris could offer investors unique insights into firms potentially poised for resilience or growth  leveraging the deep commitment of their major stakeholders.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 25% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.4% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.4% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 23 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's explore several standout options from the results in the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Believe S.A. operates as a digital music service provider for independent labels and local artists across various regions including France  Germany  Europe  the Americas  Asia  Oceania  and the Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.47 billion.Operations: Believe S.A. generates revenue primarily through two segments: Premium Solutions (€825.12 million) and Automated Solutions (€55.19 million).Insider Ownership: 10.3%Believe S.A. is positioned to become profitable within the next three years  with expected earnings growth significantly outpacing the market. Despite trading at a substantial discount to its estimated fair value  its revenue growth forecast of 14% per year is robust compared to the French market's 5.8%. Recent takeover interest from Warner Music and a consortium including major shareholders underscores its potential strategic value  although no deal has been finalized as of yet.ENXTPA:BLV Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions to the fashion  automotive  and furniture industries  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.17 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling approximately €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 19.6%Lectra SA  despite a slight decrease in net income and earnings per share in its recent quarterly report  remains poised for substantial growth. The company's revenue is projected to expand by 11.3% annually  outperforming the French market forecast of 5.8%. Furthermore  earnings are expected to surge by 28.6% per year  significantly above the market average of 11.1%. However  it's trading at a notable discount to its fair value and has a low forecasted return on equity at 13.3%.ENXTPA:LSS Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company that specializes in developing long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €461.40 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%MedinCell  a French pharmaceutical company  is expected to see significant growth with forecasted revenue increases of 40.1% annually  outpacing the market's 5.8%. Despite recent setbacks in clinical trials for its F14 drug not meeting primary endpoints  improvements were noted in secondary outcomes like knee range of motion and swelling reduction. The company's share price remains volatile and shareholder dilution has occurred over the past year. Trading at 65.9% below its estimated fair value suggests potential undervaluation amidst these challenges.ENXTPA:MEDCL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Taking AdvantageAccess the full spectrum of 23 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership by clicking on this link.Are these companies part of your investment strategy? Use Simply Wall St to consolidate your holdings into a portfolio and gain insights with our comprehensive analysis tools.Take control of your financial future using Simply Wall St  offering free  in-depth knowledge of international markets to every investor.Contemplating Other Strategies?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:BLVENXTPA:LSS andHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.29,0.58,True,English,"['High Insider Ownership', '3 Growth Companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'La Française de l', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'OKwind Société anonyme', 'digital music service provider', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'BLV Ownership Breakdown', 'LSS Ownership Breakdown', 'several standout options', 'Believe S.A.', 'next three years', 'low forecasted return', 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'free, in-depth knowledge', 'Recent takeover interest', 'recent quarterly report', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'comprehensive analysis tools', 'long-term focused analysis', 'broader economic challenges', 'potential strategic value', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'French market forecast', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'substantial growth', 'significant growth', 'Warner Music', 'recent setbacks', 'revenue growth', 'potential undervaluation', 'Premium Solutions', 'Automated Solutions', 'fair value', 'global markets', 'policy adjustments', 'CAC 40 Index', 'notable decline', 'deep commitment', 'major stakeholders', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'independent labels', 'local artists', 'various regions', 'two segments', 'substantial discount', 'major shareholders', 'Lectra SA', 'furniture industries', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'slight decrease', 'net income', 'notable discount', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'clinical trials', 'F14 drug', 'primary endpoints', 'secondary outcomes', 'knee range', 'swelling reduction', 'shareholder dilution', 'full spectrum', 'investment strategy', 'financial future', 'international markets', 'Other Strategies', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'MEDCL Earnings', 'market capitalization', 'unique insights', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'share price', 'revenue increases', 'past year', 'landscape', 'heightened', 'inflation', 'France', 'context', 'investors', 'firms', 'resilience', 'ENXTPA', 'Groupe', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '23 stocks', 'results', 'Overview', 'Germany', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Oceania', 'Operations', 'consortium', 'deal', 'Jun', 'automotive', 'Story', 'average', 'equity', 'improvements', 'motion', 'Advantage', 'link', 'holdings', 'portfolio', 'control', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '19.']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,finance.yahoo.com
42245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_bb3b39f1-0166-4308-9a05-e1673babec78,Exploring Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam With ABN AMRO Bank And Two Others,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ABN AMRO Bank', 'Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Two Others', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,consent.yahoo.com
42246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-high-yield-dividend-stocks-060422139.html,3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris With Up To 7.0% Yield,Amidst a backdrop of rising inflation and economic uncertainty across Europe  the French stock market  as reflected by the CAC 40 Index  has experienced...,Amidst a backdrop of rising inflation and economic uncertainty across Europe  the French stock market  as reflected by the CAC 40 Index  has experienced notable fluctuations. In such a climate  high-yield dividend stocks on Euronext Paris may offer investors potential resilience and steady income streams.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.00% ★★★★★★ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 8.40% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.32% ★★★★★★ Fleury Michon (ENXTPA:ALFLE) 5.37% ★★★★★☆ Métropole Télévision (ENXTPA:MMT) 9.18% ★★★★★☆ VIEL & Cie société anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 3.83% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 3.87% ★★★★★☆ Sanofi (ENXTPA:SAN) 4.17% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 3.87% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.09% ★★★★★☆Click here to see the full list of 33 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Piscines Desjoyaux SA is a company based in France that specializes in the design  manufacture  and marketing of swimming pools and related products globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €126.54 million.Operations: Piscines Desjoyaux SA generates €138.65 million from its swimming pools segment and €0.09 million from real estate.Dividend Yield: 7.1%Piscines Desjoyaux offers a compelling 7.09% dividend yield  ranking in the top 25% of French dividend payers. Over the past decade  dividends have shown consistent growth and stability with a reliable payout pattern. The company's payout ratio stands at 55.6%  ensuring dividends are well-covered by earnings despite insufficient data on coverage by cash flows or free cash flow calculations. Additionally  its Price-To-Earnings ratio of 7.8x is attractive compared to the broader French market average of 17.1x.ENXTPA:ALPDX Dividend History as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc Société coopérative offers a range of banking products and services to a diverse clientele in France  with a market capitalization of €1.07 billion.Operations: Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc Société coopérative generates €505.07 million from its retail banking operations in France.Dividend Yield: 5.1%Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc offers a stable dividend yield of 5.08%  slightly below the top quartile for French stocks. Over the past decade  dividends have not only been reliable but also showed growth  supported by a sustainable payout ratio of 30.9%. Despite trading at 60.2% below its estimated fair value  data on long-term dividend coverage remains unclear. Recently  it announced an ex-dividend date for a €2.74 cash payment due in April 2024.Story continuesENXTPA:CRLA Dividend History as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin Société en commandite par actions  operating globally  primarily manufactures and sells tires with a market capitalization of approximately €26.48 billion.Operations: Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin Société en commandite par actions generates €14.34 billion in revenue from its Automotive and Related Distribution  €6.98 billion from Road Transportation and Related Distribution  and €7.03 billion from Specialty Businesses and Related Distribution.Dividend Yield: 3.6%Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin recently completed two fixed-income offerings totaling nearly €1 billion  strengthening its financial position. Despite a low dividend yield of 3.64% compared to the French market's top quartile  Michelin maintains a sustainable payout with coverage from both earnings and cash flows (payout ratio: 48.7%  cash payout ratio: 31.6%). However  its dividend track record over the past decade has been unstable and unreliable  reflecting some volatility in payments despite overall growth in dividends during this period.ENXTPA:ML Dividend History as at Jun 2024Next StepsClick here to access our complete index of 33 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks.Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.Unlock the power of informed investing with Simply Wall St  your free guide to navigating stock markets worldwide.Seeking Other Investments?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:ALPDXENXTPA:CRLAENXTPA:ML andHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'To 7.0% Yield', 'Up', 'Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin Société', 'Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis', 'Métropole Télévision', 'Languedoc Société coopérative', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'Cie société anonyme', '33 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'climate, high-yield dividend stocks', 'Caisse Régionale de', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'free cash flow calculations', 'broader French market average', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'compelling 7.09% dividend yield', 'stable dividend yield', 'CRLA Dividend History', 'low dividend yield', 'dividend track record', 'ML Dividend History', 'French dividend payers', 'steady income streams', 'two fixed-income offerings', 'ALPDX Dividend History', 'reliable payout pattern', 'long-term dividend coverage', 'Piscines Desjoyaux SA', 'swimming pools segment', 'long-term focused analysis', 'cash payout ratio', 'sustainable payout ratio', 'French stock market', 'retail banking operations', 'commandite par actions', 'French stocks', 'top quartile', 'preferred stocks', 'free guide', 'cash flows', '€2.74 cash payment', 'banking products', 'market capitalization', 'market movements', 'rising inflation', 'economic uncertainty', 'CAC 40 Index', 'notable fluctuations', 'potential resilience', 'CBo Territoria', 'Fleury Michon', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'full list', 'related products', 'real estate', 'past decade', 'diverse clientele', 'fair value', 'ex-dividend date', 'Related Distribution', 'Road Transportation', 'Specialty Businesses', 'Next Steps', 'complete index', 'close eye', 'stock markets', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'qualitative material', 'insufficient data', 'historical data', 'fundamental data', 'Earnings ratio', 'consistent growth', 'overall growth', 'financial position', 'Other Investments', '33 stocks', 'backdrop', 'Europe', 'investors', 'France', 'ENXTPA', 'RUI', 'Samse', 'CBOT', 'ALFLE', 'MMT', 'VIEL', 'VIL', 'Arkema', 'AKE', 'Sanofi', 'ALEXA', 'subset', 'Overview', 'design', 'manufacture', 'marketing', 'dividends', 'stability', '8x', 'Jun', 'range', 'services', 'trading', 'April', 'tires', 'revenue', 'Automotive', 'volatility', 'payments', 'period', 'companies', 'power', 'portfolio', 'investing', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,finance.yahoo.com
42247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/june-2024-insight-euronext-amsterdam-133405549.html,June 2024 Insight Into Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership,As global markets grapple with fluctuating inflation rates and policy adjustments  the Netherlands' economic landscape presents a unique opportunity for...,As global markets grapple with fluctuating inflation rates and policy adjustments  the Netherlands' economic landscape presents a unique opportunity for investors focusing on growth companies with high insider ownership. Such firms often exhibit strong alignment between management's interests and shareholder value  a particularly appealing trait in the current unpredictable market environment.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI (ENXTAM:BAI) 27.8% 62.8% Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 67.8% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.9% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Underneath we present a selection of stocks filtered out by our screen.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. operates in the environmental technology sector  specializing in the design  development  manufacture  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers primarily in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe  with a market capitalization of approximately €328.84 million.Operations: Envipco Holding generates revenue primarily through the design  development  manufacture  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Insider Ownership: 15.1%Earnings Growth Forecast: 67.8% p.a.Envipco Holding N.V.  a company in the Netherlands  has shown promising growth with a significant increase in sales from EUR 56.37 million to EUR 87.58 million year-over-year and a shift from net loss to net profit. Despite recent shareholder dilution  Envipco's earnings are expected to grow by 67.8% annually  outpacing the Dutch market's forecast of 16.2%. However  its share price has been highly volatile recently. The company is also trading at 77.6% below estimated fair value  suggesting potential undervaluation.ENXTAM:ENVI Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a provider of software-as-a-service solutions tailored for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €274.76 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates its revenue primarily through its software and programming services  amounting to €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.9%Earnings Growth Forecast: 105.8% p.a.MotorK  a growth-oriented company in the Netherlands with high insider ownership  has recently seen changes in its board and a slight dip in quarterly revenue to €11.25 million. Despite this  MotorK's annual sales increased to €42.94 million from the previous year and is forecasted to see revenue growth at 24% per year  significantly outpacing the Dutch market average of 9.2%. The company anticipates reaching Committed Annual Recurring Revenues of €50 million by fiscal year-end 2024 but continues to operate at a loss with last year's net loss widening to €13.25 million.ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. operates in postal and logistics services  catering to both businesses and consumers across the Netherlands  Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.66 billion.Operations: PostNL's revenue is derived from two main segments: Packages generating €2.25 billion and Mail in The Netherlands contributing €1.35 billion.Insider Ownership: 30.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 24.3% p.a.PostNL  a Dutch company with significant insider ownership  is navigating a challenging phase with a recent net loss of €20 million and declining sales from €780 million to €763 million in Q1 2024. Despite this downturn  the company's earnings are expected to grow robustly at 24.3% annually over the next three years  outstripping the Dutch market forecast of 16.2%. However  PostNL's revenue growth projections remain below the national average and its dividend record is unstable amidst high debt levels.ENXTAM:PNL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Next StepsUnlock our comprehensive list of 6 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership by clicking here.Invested in any of these stocks? Simplify your portfolio management with Simply Wall St and stay ahead with our alerts for any critical updates on your stocks.Join a community of smart investors by using Simply Wall St. It's free and delivers expert-level analysis on worldwide markets.Looking For Alternative Opportunities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ENVIENXTAM:MTRKHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'June 2024 Insight', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'current unpredictable market environment', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'Simply Wall St.', 'ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'high debt levels', 'fluctuating inflation rates', 'environmental technology sector', 'reverse vending machines', 'automotive retail industry', 'two main segments', 'significant insider ownership', 'PostNL N.V.', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'recent shareholder dilution', 'Annual Recurring Revenues', 'next three years', 'revenue growth projections', 'Dutch market forecast', 'Dutch market average', ""Netherlands' economic landscape"", 'recent net loss', 'promising growth', 'Ebusco Holding', 'market capitalization', 'shareholder value', 'significant increase', 'national average', 'Next Steps', 'net profit', 'ENVI Earnings', 'PNL Earnings', 'global markets', 'policy adjustments', 'unique opportunity', 'Such firms', 'strong alignment', 'appealing trait', 'full list', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'share price', 'fair value', 'potential undervaluation', 'service solutions', 'Benelux Union', 'programming services', 'slight dip', 'fiscal year-end', 'logistics services', 'challenging phase', 'dividend record', 'comprehensive list', 'critical updates', 'expert-level analysis', 'worldwide markets', 'Alternative Opportunities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'annual sales', 'Dutch company', 'quarterly revenue', 'The Netherlands', 'previous year', 'last year', 'portfolio management', 'smart investors', 'growth-oriented company', 'MotorK plc', 'interests', 'BAI', 'Basic-Fit', 'BFIT', '6 stocks', 'selection', 'Overview', 'design', 'development', 'manufacture', 'lease', 'recycling', 'Europe', 'Operations', 'shift', 'Jun', 'provider', 'software', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Story', 'changes', 'board', 'postal', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'declining', 'Q1', 'downturn', 'alerts', 'community', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '16.']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,finance.yahoo.com
42248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-upbeat-with-broker-s-comments-46910544/,Euronext: upbeat with broker's comments,(marketscreener.com) Euronext gains over 2% and outperforms the trend in Paris  supported by comments from UBS  which reaffirms its 'buy' recommendation while raising its target price for the pan-European stock exchange group from €94 to €106.Despite the 40% …,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2023  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext', 'broker', 'comments', 'EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization', 'two spot FX matching engines', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-UBS-raises-its-target-price-46907512/,EURONEXT : UBS raises its target price,(marketscreener.com) UBS reaffirms its 'buy' recommendation on Euronext  while raising its target price from €94 to €106  indicating that it expects a further expansion of multiples and consensus EPS upgrades.Despite the 40% return generated by Euronext share…,"EURONEXT : UBS raises its target priceJune 05  2024 at 04:34 am EDT ShareUBS reaffirms its 'buy' recommendation on Euronext  while raising its target price from €94 to €106  indicating that it expects a further expansion of multiples and consensus EPS upgrades.Despite the 40% return generated by Euronext shares since October 23  we still believe there is 15-20% upside potential from current levels...""  says the broker in the summary of his note on the stock exchange group.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.The information and analyses published by Cercle Finance are intended solely as a decision-making aid for investors. Cercle Finance cannot be held responsible  directly or indirectly  for the use of information and analyses by readers. Uninformed investors are advised to consult a professional advisor before investing. This information does not constitute an invitation to sell or a solicitation to buy.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,True,English,"['target price', 'EURONEXT', 'UBS', 'consensus EPS upgrades', '15-20% upside potential', 'stock exchange group', 'target price', 'EDT Share', ""buy' recommendation"", 'current levels', 'Cercle Finance', 'decision-making aid', 'professional advisor', 'Uninformed investors', 'Euronext shares', 'UBS', 'June', 'expansion', 'multiples', '40% return', 'October', 'broker', 'summary', 'note', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', 'information', 'analyses', 'use', 'readers', 'invitation', 'solicitation', '04']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-announces-share-repurchase-programme-as-part-of-its-long-term-incentive-plan--46911891/,Euronext announces share repurchase programme as part of its long-term incentive plan,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 26 20 15 01+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 91 777 68 97 Milan+39 02 72 42 67 56Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext announce…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 26 20 15 01 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces share repurchase programme as part of its long-term incentive planAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 5 June 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced that it will repurchase 100 000 of its own shares as part of its Long-Term Incentive plans.This repurchase programme will be implemented and directed by an independent agent from 6 June 2024 to 21 June 2024.This programme will be carried out in accordance with the conditions of the authorisation granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 15 May 2024.CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €7.1 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of March 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['share repurchase programme', 'long-term incentive plan', 'Euronext', 'part', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'long-term incentive plan', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'share repurchase programme', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'General Meeting', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'independent agent', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '5 June', 'shares', '6 June', '21 June', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '15 May', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'exchanges', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'March', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'regard', 'www', 'data-subjects', 'dpo', 'Attachment']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/23884a6d67e749be,Eiffage SA Shares Voting Rights Update,Eiffage (FR:FGR) has released an update. Eiffage SA  a company listed on Euronext Paris  has disclosed its monthly voting rights and share capital ... #fgr #euronextparis,Eiffage (FR:FGR) has released an update. Eiffage SA  a company listed on Euronext Paris  has disclosed its monthly voting rights and share capital ...#fgr#euronextparisThis story appeared on tipr… [+10 chars],neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Voting Rights Update', 'Eiffage SA', 'monthly voting rights', 'Euronext Paris', 'share capital', 'Eiffage SA', 'update', 'company', 'fgr', 'euronextparis', 'story', 'tipr', '10 chars']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,biztoc.com
42252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/6f141a0f84228a48,Origin Enterprises Executes Share Buyback,Origin Enterprises plc (GB:OGN) has released an update. Origin Enterprises plc has recently bought back 20 000 of its own shares on Euronext Dublin... #originenterprisesplc #ogn #euronextdublin,Origin Enterprises plc (GB:OGN) has released an update. Origin Enterprises plc has recently bought back 20 000 of its own shares on Euronext Dublin...#originenterprisesplc#ogn#euronextdublinThis … [+32 chars],neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Origin Enterprises', 'Share Buyback', 'Origin Enterprises plc', 'Euronext Dublin', 'OGN', 'update', 'shares', 'originenterprisesplc', 'euronextdublin', '32 chars']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,biztoc.com
42253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IERVOLINO-LADY-BACARDI-EN-63347505/news/Iervolino-Lady-Bacardi-Entertainment-S-p-A-Notice-of-significant-changes-in-shareholdings-46906467/,Iervolino & Lady Bacardi Entertainment S p A : Notice of significant changes in shareholdings,(marketscreener.com) a company active in the production of film and television content - announces  pursuant to Article 17 of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations  that on June 03  2024  it received from the shareholder MB Media S.A. and from Sport …,ILBE: NOTICE OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN SHAREHOLDINGSRome  June 03  2024 - ILBE (Iervolino and Lady Bacardi Entertainment) - a company active in the production of film and television content (Euronext Growth Milan - IT0005380602 - IE and Euronext Growth Paris - IT0005380602 - ALIE) - announces  pursuant to Article 17 of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations  that on June 03  2024  it received from the shareholder MB Media S.A. and from Sport Finance S.A. the communication of sale and purchase  respectively  of 8 625 000 ordinary shares.This transaction constitutes a substantial change in the shareholding structure corresponding to 24% of the share capital  as indicated in the table below:According to Article 26 of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations  the names of the significant shareholders of the Issuer will also be available on the Company's website,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Lady Bacardi Entertainment', 'significant changes', 'Iervolino', 'Notice', 'shareholdings', ""Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations"", 'MB Media S.A.', 'Sport Finance S.A.', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Lady Bacardi Entertainment', 'SIGNIFICANT CHANGE', 'television content', '8,625,000 ordinary shares', 'substantial change', 'shareholding structure', 'share capital', 'significant shareholders', 'ILBE', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDINGS', 'Rome', 'June', 'Iervolino', 'company', 'production', 'film', 'ALIE', 'Article', 'communication', 'sale', 'purchase', 'transaction', 'table', 'names', 'website']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.llllitl.fr/2024/06/degiro-un-women-pink-chip/,DEGIRO and UN Women – Pink Chip: invest in proof  not biasLLLLITL,Invest in proof  not bias. Pink Chip is changing the business world with data on women leadership. The business landscape is changing as women break barriers  showcasing our abilities and skills. It’s time to recognize and celebrate our success as we redefine…,Invest in proof  not bias. Pink Chip is changing the business world with data on women leadership. The business landscape is changing as women break barriers  showcasing our abilities and skills. It’s time to recognize and celebrate our success as we redefine industry standards.InsightResearch shows that companies with female leaders tend to be more profitable and have better stock price performance. Despite this  just 6 per cent of CEOs of publicly listed companies around the world are women. Data shows that when some companies appoint a female CEO  their share price drops by 2 to 3 per cent – placing female leaders at a disadvantage before their tenure has even begun.IdeaA new financial tool that proves the power of women. Pink Chip is a collection of indices that tracks the performance of exceptional women-led businesses in markets around the world. Pink Chip is created and designed by AKQA in partnership with Thematic  DEGIRO and UN Women NL. It is the first index to align with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goal 5  and the first to launch in collaboration with UN Women. The first of its kind  Pink Chip allows investors to see for themselves how investing in women is better for their bottom line  boosting their returns while also supporting female leaders. It is freely available on pinkchip.org  and on the DEGIRO app.ImpactInvest in women  accelerate progress. On International Women’s Day Pink Chip joined UN Women NL at the opening of the stock market at Euronext in celebration of the year’s theme #InvestInWomenAccelerateProgress and went live on Europe’s largest investing platform DEGIRO. Within two weeks of its launch there were over 14 500 new investors in Pink Chip companies which saw a 6.7% increase in their stock price. The index has since climbed a further 9.48% and outperformed market benchmarks. Pink Chip has reached over 2 million impressions across social media and outdoor placements and attracted nearly 70 000 visitors to pinkchip.org within its first week.“UN Women applauds the Pink Chip initiative  which will lead to more awareness among investors of the true potential of women and spur investments in women-led companies.” Marije Cornelissen  Executive Director and Founder  UN Women NL.AWARDSCannes Lions 2024Shortlisted in the Dan Wieden Titanium Lions categoryShortlisted in the Glass ‘The Lion for Change’ categoryShortlisted in the Innovation categoryCREDITSBrands: DEGIRO and United Nations Women. Creative Agency: AKQA  Amsterdam. Production Company: Amp Amsterdam. Country: Netherlands  United States. Art Director: Sam Rowlands. Associate Creative Director: Grace O’Brien. CEO & Founder: Steven Carpenter. Designer: Dianne van der Hoeven  Emma Nikolovski. Group Creative Director: Evan Dunn. Intern: Giulia Ballerio  Leticia Diaz  Philip Gebben  Priya Venkat. Senior Copywriter: Conor Cunniffe. Senior Front-End Developer: Viktor Jensen-Torp. Senior Motion Designer: Guilherme Romeiro. Software Engineer: Joe Kromer  Jon Opray  Kevin Sun. Account Manager: Berber Visser. Associate Strategy Director: Christiana Courtright. Chief Production Officer: Brian Wey. Client Managing Director: Christopher Henderson. Client Services Director: Hannah Glazebrook. Founder: Sam Rowlands. Strategy Associate: Cherisse Dsouza.,neutral,0.3,0.53,0.17,mixed,0.47,0.35,0.18,True,English,"['UN Women', 'Pink Chip', 'DEGIRO', 'proof', 'biasLLLLITL', 'Dan Wieden Titanium Lions category', 'Dianne van der Hoeven', 'Innovation category CREDITS Brands', 'Sustainable Development Goal', 'largest investing platform', 'Grace O’Brien', 'Client Managing Director', 'Client Services Director', 'Senior Front-End Developer', 'new financial tool', 'exceptional women-led businesses', 'Chief Production Officer', 'Group Creative Director', 'Associate Creative Director', '2 to 3 per cent', 'Associate Strategy Director', 'Day Pink Chip', 'Pink Chip initiative', 'Senior Motion Designer', 'United Nations Women', 'stock price performance', 'Pink Chip companies', 'UN Women NL', 'Change’ category', 'Cannes Lions', 'Strategy Associate', '6 per cent', 'Executive Director', 'Art Director', 'Creative Agency', 'Senior Copywriter', 'Production Company', 'United States', 'share price', 'women-led companies', 'business landscape', 'industry standards', 'Insight Research', 'female leaders', 'bottom line', 'pinkchip.org', 'two weeks', '2 million impressions', 'social media', 'outdoor placements', 'first week', 'true potential', 'Marije Cornelissen', 'The Lion', 'Sam Rowlands', 'Steven Carpenter', 'Emma Nikolovski', 'Evan Dunn', 'Giulia Ballerio', 'Leticia Diaz', 'Philip Gebben', 'Priya Venkat', 'Conor Cunniffe', 'Viktor Jensen-Torp', 'Guilherme Romeiro', 'Software Engineer', 'Joe Kromer', 'Jon Opray', 'Kevin Sun', 'Account Manager', 'Berber Visser', 'Christiana Courtright', 'Brian Wey', 'Christopher Henderson', 'Hannah Glazebrook', 'Cherisse Dsouza', 'stock market', '14,500 new investors', 'women leadership', 'International Women', 'female CEO', 'first index', 'Amp Amsterdam', 'business world', 'DEGIRO app', 'proof', 'bias', 'data', 'barriers', 'abilities', 'skills', 'time', 'success', 'CEOs', 'disadvantage', 'tenure', 'Idea', 'power', 'collection', 'indices', 'markets', 'AKQA', 'partnership', 'Thematic', 'collaboration', 'kind', 'returns', 'Impact', 'progress', 'opening', 'Euronext', 'celebration', 'year', 'theme', 'Europe', 'launch', '6.7% increase', 'benchmarks', '70,000 visitors', 'awareness', 'investments', 'Founder', 'AWARDS', 'Country', 'Netherlands']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,llllitl.fr
42255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46905421/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 05-Jun-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST05 June 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 4th of June 2024 it purchase…,"05 June 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 4th of June 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 65 000 35 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7100 £1.4520 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6820 £1.4340 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6958 £1.4446The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 645 438 358 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 1 943 1.6840 XDUB 10:38:44 00028972867TRDU1 323 1.6860 XDUB 11:20:43 00028973282TRDU1 2 211 1.6880 XDUB 11:24:11 00028973360TRDU1 158 1.6880 XDUB 11:40:27 00028973518TRDU1 1 344 1.6880 XDUB 11:41:27 00028973520TRDU1 637 1.6880 XDUB 11:41:27 00028973519TRDU1 523 1.6860 XDUB 11:52:42 00028973563TRDU1 1 669 1.6860 XDUB 11:52:42 00028973561TRDU1 1 469 1.6860 XDUB 11:52:42 00028973559TRDU1 1 669 1.6860 XDUB 11:52:42 00028973557TRDU1 1 959 1.6820 XDUB 12:36:24 00028973888TRDU1 1 935 1.6820 XDUB 12:36:24 00028973887TRDU1 1 881 1.6820 XDUB 12:36:24 00028973886TRDU1 2 088 1.6940 XDUB 14:06:36 00028974469TRDU1 5 568 1.6940 XDUB 14:06:36 00028974468TRDU1 3 942 1.6940 XDUB 14:06:36 00028974467TRDU1 1 884 1.6960 XDUB 14:29:21 00028974683TRDU1 645 1.6960 XDUB 14:40:28 00028974858TRDU1 1 264 1.6960 XDUB 14:40:28 00028974857TRDU1 1 072 1.7100 XDUB 14:47:00 00028974974TRDU1 887 1.7100 XDUB 14:47:00 00028974973TRDU1 6 014 1.7080 XDUB 14:51:20 00028975056TRDU1 2 054 1.6980 XDUB 15:11:50 00028975279TRDU1 1 962 1.7000 XDUB 15:11:50 00028975280TRDU1 1 913 1.6960 XDUB 15:24:54 00028975397TRDU1 2 044 1.6960 XDUB 15:24:54 00028975396TRDU1 1 852 1.7020 XDUB 15:47:55 00028975551TRDU1 2 041 1.7020 XDUB 15:54:44 00028975617TRDU1 5 797 1.7000 XDUB 15:58:24 00028975665TRDU1 197 1.7040 XDUB 16:22:07 00028975981TRDU1 855 1.7040 XDUB 16:22:07 00028975983TRDU1 1 300 1.7040 XDUB 16:22:07 00028975982TRDU1 345 1.7040 XDUB 16:23:51 00028976048TRDU1 142 1.7040 XDUB 16:23:51 00028976047TRDU1 1 500 1.7040 XDUB 16:23:51 00028976046TRDU1 1 169 1.7020 XDUB 16:24:25 00028976061TRDU1 744 1.7020 XDUB 16:24:25 00028976062TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '645,438,358 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', '05 June', '4th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028972867TRDU1', '00028973282TRDU1', '00028973360TRDU1', '00028973518TRDU1', '00028973520TRDU1', '00028973519TRDU1', '00028973563TRDU1', '00028973561TRDU1', '00028973559TRDU1', '00028973557TRDU1', '00028973888TRDU1', '00028973887TRDU1', '00028973886TRDU1', '00028974469TRDU1', '00028974467TRDU1', '00028974683TRDU1', '00028974858TRDU1', '00028974857TRDU1', '00028974974TRDU1', '00028974973TRDU1', '00028975056TRDU1', '00028975279TRDU1', '00028975280TRDU1', '00028975397TRDU1', '00028975396TRDU1', '00028975551TRDU1', '00028975617TRDU1', '00028975665TRDU1', '00028975981TRDU1', '00028975983TRDU1', '00028975982TRDU1', '00028976048TRDU1', '00028976047TRDU1', '00028976046TRDU1', '00028976061TRDU1', '00028976062TRDU1']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2894125/0/en/Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  5 June 2024  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and...,Nanterre  5 June 2024Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 ofthe General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85Date Number of shares Total number of voting rights (theoretical) (1) 31 MAY 2024 197 089 340 224 540 220(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds: yesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'Date Number', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Article L.', 'Nanterre', '5 June', 'shares', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85', '31 MAY', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GECINA-4651/news/Gecina-Amount-Allocated-to-the-Liquidity-Agreement-Increased-to-20-Million-Euros-46911980/,Gecina: Amount Allocated to the Liquidity Agreement Increased to 20 Million Euros,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Gecina has signed an amendment to the liquidity agreement entered into with Rothschild Martin Maurel on November 4  2021  in accordance with the terms of Regulation No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Cou…,Regulatory News:Gecina (Euronext Paris: GFC) has signed an amendment to the liquidity agreement entered into with Rothschild Martin Maurel on November 4  2021  in accordance with the terms of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16  the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/908 of February 26  2016  Articles L. 225-209 et seq of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)  AMF Decision 2018-01 of July 2  2018 (the AMF Decision) and the corresponding provisions.Under this amendment  the amount allocated to the liquidity agreement has been increased from 12 000 000 euros (twelve million euros) to 20 000 000 euros (twenty million euros).The application of the liquidity agreement may be suspended under the conditions set by Article 5 of the AMF Decision. It may also be suspended if requested by Gecina for technical reasons  such as the counting of shares with voting rights prior to a General Meeting or the counting of shares entitled to dividends before the ex-dividend date  for a period defined by Gecina.The liquidity agreement may be terminated at any time by Gecina or  subject to a notice period  by Rothschild Martin Maurel under the conditions set out in the agreement.About GecinaAs a specialist for centrality and uses  Gecina operates innovative and sustainable living spaces. A real estate investment company  Gecina owns  manages and develops a unique portfolio at the heart of the Paris Region’s central areas  with more than 1.2 million sq.m of offices and more than 9 000 housing units  almost three-quarters of which are located in Paris City or Neuilly-sur-Seine. This portfolio is valued at 17.1 billion euros at end-2023.Gecina has firmly established its focus on innovation and its human approach at the heart of its strategy to create value and deliver on its purpose: “Empowering shared human experiences at the heart of our sustainable spaces”. For our 100 000 clients  this ambition is supported by our client-centric brand YouFirst. It is also positioned at the heart of UtilesEnsemble  our program setting out our solidarity-based commitments to the environment  to people and to the quality of life in cities.Gecina is a French real estate investment trust (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris  and is part of the SBF 120  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60 and CAC 40 ESG indices. Gecina is also recognized as one of the top-performing companies in its industry by leading sustainability benchmarks and rankings (GRESB  Sustainalytics  MSCI  ISS-ESG and CDP).www.gecina.frView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605214467/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Liquidity Agreement', '20 Million Euros', 'Gecina', 'Amount', 'French real estate investment trust', 'real estate investment company', 'French Commercial Code', 'Rothschild Martin Maurel', 'Code de commerce', 'leading sustainability benchmarks', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'sustainable living spaces', 'twelve million euros', 'twenty million euros', 'sustainable spaces', '1.2 million sq', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'European Parliament', 'AMF Decision', 'corresponding provisions', 'technical reasons', 'voting rights', 'General Meeting', 'ex-dividend date', 'Paris Region', 'central areas', '9,000 housing units', 'Paris City', '17.1 billion euros', 'human approach', 'human experiences', 'client-centric brand', 'solidarity-based commitments', 'ESG indices', 'top-performing companies', 'source version', 'liquidity agreement', 'notice period', 'unique portfolio', 'CAC Large', '12,000,000 euros', '20,000,000 euros', 'Gecina', 'GFC', 'amendment', 'November', 'accordance', 'terms', 'Council', 'April', 'February', 'Articles', 'July', 'amount', 'application', 'conditions', 'counting', 'shares', 'dividends', 'time', 'specialist', 'centrality', 'uses', 'innovative', 'heart', 'offices', 'three-quarters', 'Seine', 'focus', 'innovation', 'strategy', 'value', 'purpose', '100,000 clients', 'ambition', 'YouFirst', 'UtilesEnsemble', 'program', 'environment', 'people', 'quality', 'life', 'cities', 'SIIC', 'part', 'SBF 120', 'industry', 'rankings', 'GRESB', 'Sustainalytics', 'MSCI', 'ISS-ESG', 'CDP', 'businesswire']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALERIO-THERAPEUTICS-17068163/news/Valerio-Therapeutics-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-46906814/,Valerio Therapeutics : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   49  boulevard du Général Martial Valin 75015 PARIS - FRANCE 1 Hartwell Place  Suite 305  Lexington  MA 02421 - USA   Valerio Therapeutics: report on the Combined   General Meeting of June 4  2024   Paris   June 4  2024 - 7:00…,49  boulevard du Général Martial Valin 75015 PARIS - FRANCE 1 Hartwell Place  Suite 305  Lexington  MA 02421 - USAValerio Therapeutics: report on the CombinedGeneral Meeting of June 4  2024Paris (France)  June 4  2024 - 7:00 pm CET - Valerio Therapeutics S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO)  a clinical-stagebiotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response (DDR) and driver oncogenes  today announced that the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) General Meeting held today at 2 pm was able to validly deliberate with a quorum of 48.1%.The General Meeting adopted all the resolutions approved by the Board of Directors.The consolidated result of the vote by resolution and the minutes of the General Meeting will be available within the legal deadlines on the Company's website  in the General Meetings section.***About Valerio TherapeuticsValerio Therapeutics (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative oncology drugs targeting tumor DNA-binding functions through unique mechanisms of action in the sought-after field of DNA Damage Response (DDR). The Company is focused on bringing early-stagefirst-in-class or disruptive compounds from translational research to clinical proof-of-concept  a value-creating inflection point appealing to potential partners.PlatON is ValerioTX's proprietary chemistry platform of oligonucleotides acting as decoy agonists  which generates new innovative compounds and broaden the Company's product pipeline.VIO-01(formerly OX425)  the second compound from platON™  is a novel pan-DDR Decoy with high antitumor activity. It also mediates multiple immunostimulatory effects by activating the STING pathway. In 2023  VIO -01 underwent IND-enabling preclinical development until IND submission and positive feedback from the FDA to initiate its clinical development.DecoyTAC: the 3rd generation platON™ platform  leveraging the unique MOA of DNA decoy therapeutics coupled to targeted protein degradation (PROTAC). This evolution expands the activity of platON ™ platform beyond DNA repair by targeting other proteins such as transcription and epigenetic factors  in oncology and outside oncology for other diseases like inflammatory and muscular diseases.For further information  please visit www.valeriotx.comForward looking statementsThis communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Valerio Therapeutics and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Valerio Therapeutics to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Valerio Therapeutics isPage 1of 2,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Valerio Therapeutics', 'Inside Information', 'Général Martial Valin', '3rd generation platON™ platform', 'Valerio Therapeutics S.A.', 'value-creating inflection point', 'proprietary chemistry platform', 'multiple immunostimulatory effects', 'DNA Damage Response', 'novel pan-DDR Decoy', 'General Meetings section', 'Forward looking statements', 'new innovative compounds', 'Extraordinary) General Meeting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'high antitumor activity', 'enabling preclinical development', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'DNA decoy therapeutics', 'The General Meeting', 'innovative oncology drugs', 'innovative drugs', 'platON ™ platform', 'DNA repair', 'decoy agonists', 'disruptive compounds', 'The Company', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', '1 Hartwell Place', 'driver oncogenes', 'consolidated result', 'legal deadlines', 'DNA-binding functions', 'unique mechanisms', 'translational research', 'clinical proof', 'potential partners', 'product pipeline', 'second compound', 'STING pathway', 'positive feedback', 'unique MOA', 'protein degradation', 'other proteins', 'epigenetic factors', 'outside oncology', 'other diseases', 'muscular diseases', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'financial condition', 'future results', 'clinical-stagebiotechnology company', 'IND submission', 'boulevard', 'FRANCE', 'Suite', 'Lexington', 'USA', 'report', 'Combined', 'June', 'CET', 'ALVIO', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'vote', 'minutes', 'website', 'action', 'field', 'class', 'concept', 'ValerioTX', 'oligonucleotides', 'OX42', 'FDA', 'DecoyTAC', 'PROTAC', 'evolution', 'transcription', 'inflammatory', 'information', 'communication', 'business', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'Page', '7:00']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/Soitec-Availability-of-the-2023-2024-universal-registration-document-46911604/,Soitec : Availability of the 2023-2024 universal registration document,(marketscreener.com)   Bernin   France  June 5  2024 - Soitec   a world leader in the design and manufacturing of innovative semiconductor materials  today announces the filing of its 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document in European Single Electronic F…,Bernin (Grenoble)  France  June 5  2024 - Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in the design and manufacturing of innovative semiconductor materials  today announces the filing of its 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers - AMF) under number D.24-0462.The 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document is made available to the public in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and a French and English version is available for consultation on the Company's website (www.soitec.com under Investors section - Financial Reports). A French version is also available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).The 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document notably contains:the annual financial report  comprising the management report  the consolidated and statutory financial statements and related Statutory Auditors' reports  the information on the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors and the declaration by the person responsible for the Universal Registration Document ;the Board of Directors' report on corporate governance ;the description of the share buyback program ;the non-financial performance statement ;the explanatory notes and the draft resolutions submitted to the approval of the Annual General Meeting of July 23  2024.About SoitecSoitec (Euronext - Tech 40 Paris)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has been developing cutting-edge products delivering both technological performance and energy efficiency for over 30 years. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions  and generated sales of 978 millions euros in fiscal 2023-2024. Soitec occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three main strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industry  and smart devices. The company relies on the talent and diversity of its 2 300 employees  representing 50 different nationalities  working at its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. Soitec has registered over 4 100 patents.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2023-2024 universal registration document', 'Soitec', 'Availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'The 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'three main strategic markets', 'French Financial Markets Authority', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'statutory financial statements', 'share buyback program', 'Annual General Meeting', 'semiconductor value chain', 'non-financial performance statement', 'annual financial report', 'Financial Reports', 'technological performance', 'French version', 'management report', ""Directors' report"", 'world leader', 'applicable laws', 'English version', 'Investors section', 'corporate governance', 'explanatory notes', 'draft resolutions', 'cutting-edge products', 'energy efficiency', 'global headquarters', 'unique solutions', '978 millions euros', 'key position', 'mobile communications', 'smart devices', '50 different nationalities', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'Euronext Paris', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'June', 'Soitec', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'filing', 'ESEF', 'AMF', 'number', 'public', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'consultation', 'Company', 'website', 'org', 'consolidated', 'information', 'fees', 'declaration', 'person', 'Board', 'description', 'approval', 'July', '30 years', 'sales', 'fiscal', 'automotive', 'industry', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,300 employees', 'sites', 'Asia', '4,100 patents', 'SmartSiC™', 'trademarks']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2894308/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority)    PARIS  June  05  2024  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --     Listing market:...,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority)PARIS  June 05  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 05/31/2024 100 093 635 88 029 374For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Interim Chief Financial Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'French financial markets authority', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'General Regulation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Article', 'PARIS', 'June', 'Date', 'shares', 'capital', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '7']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2894302/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-the-Goldman-Sachs-45th-Annual-Global-Healthcare-Conference.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in the Goldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare Conference,Châtillon  France  June 5  2024    DBV Technologies to Participate in the Goldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare Conference     DBV Technologies......,Châtillon  France  June 5  2024DBV Technologies to Participate in the Goldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare ConferenceDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need  today announced that Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer  will participate in a fireside chat at the 45th Annual Goldman Sachs Global Healthcare Conference on Monday  June 10th  at 8:00 am EDT  as well as in one-on-one investor meetings.A live webcast of the presentation can be accessed here  and will also be available on the Events section of Company’s Investors website: https://dbv-technologies.com/investor-overviewithevents/A replay will also be available on DBV Technologies’ website for 90 days after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary technology platform  Viaskin™  to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the Viaskin platform is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Châtillon  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market (Ticker: DBVT).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Viaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologiesangela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Goldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare Conference', 'DBV Technologies', 'Goldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare Conference', '45th Annual Goldman Sachs Global Healthcare Conference', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'other immunologic conditions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'proprietary technology platform', 'hypersensitive immune reaction', 'immune tolerizing properties', 'peanut allergic toddlers', 'one ordinary share', 'one investor meetings', 'food allergy programs', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'food allergic people', 'DBV Technologies’ website', 'DBV Technologies katie', 'Investors website', 'immune system', 'underlying allergy', 'ordinary shares', 'food allergies', 'Châtillon', 'treatment options', 'Daniel Tassé', 'fireside chat', 'live webcast', 'mild to', 'life-threatening anaphylaxis', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Viaskin platform', 'microgram amounts', 'active compound', 'new class', 'non-invasive treatment', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'segment B', 'Investor Contact', 'Katie Matthews', 'Media Contact', 'June 10th', 'Events section', 'young children', 'intact skin', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'The Company', 'Angela Marcucci', 'Viaskin™', 'France', 'DBVT', 'Monday', 'presentation', 'dbv-technologies', 'replay', '90 days', 'use', 'range', 'symptoms', 'severity', 'Millions', 'EPIT™', 'individual', 'allergen', '3 years', '7 years', 'Warren', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'information', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '8:00']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/AVAILABILITY-OF-THE-2023-2024-UNIVERSAL-REGISTRATION-DOCUMENT-46911927/,AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023-2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT,(marketscreener.com) AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023-2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Bernin   France  June 5  2024 – Soitec   a world leader in the design and manufacturing of innovative semiconductor materials  today announces the filing of its 2023-2024 Unive…,AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023-2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTBernin (Grenoble)  France  June 5  2024 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in the design and manufacturing of innovative semiconductor materials  today announces the filing of its 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – AMF) under number D.24-0462.The 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document is made available to the public in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and a French and English version is available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com under Investors section – Financial Reports). A French version is also available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).The 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document notably contains:the annual financial report  comprising the management report  the consolidated and statutory financial statements and related Statutory Auditors’ reports  the information on the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors and the declaration by the person responsible for the Universal Registration Document ;the Board of Directors’ report on corporate governance ;the description of the share buyback program ;the non-financial performance statement ;the explanatory notes and the draft resolutions submitted to the approval of the Annual General Meeting of July 23  2024.# # #AgendaFirst-quarter 2024-2025 revenue: July 23  2024  after market close.Annual General Meeting: July 23  2024.# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext - Tech 40 Paris)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has been developing cutting-edge products delivering both technological performance and energy efficiency for over 30 years. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions  and generated sales of 978 millions euros in fiscal 2023-2024. Soitec occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three main strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industry  and smart devices. The company relies on the talent and diversity of its 2 300 employees  representing 50 different nationalities  working at its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. Soitec has registered over 4 100 patents.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/# # #Investor Relations: Media contacts:investors@soitec.comIsabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['2023-2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', '2023-2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Bernin', 'The 2023-2024 Universal Registration Document', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'three main strategic markets', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'related Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'statutory financial statements', 'share buyback program', 'Annual General Meeting', 'First-quarter 2024-2025 revenue', 'semiconductor value chain', 'non-financial performance statement', 'annual financial report', 'Financial Reports', 'technological performance', 'French version', 'management report', 'Directors’ report', 'world leader', 'applicable laws', 'English version', 'Investors section', 'corporate governance', 'explanatory notes', 'draft resolutions', 'market close', 'cutting-edge products', 'energy efficiency', 'global headquarters', 'unique solutions', '978 millions euros', 'key position', 'mobile communications', 'smart devices', '50 different nationalities', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'Investor Relations', 'Media contacts', 'Euronext Paris', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'June', 'Soitec', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'filing', 'ESEF', 'AMF', 'number', 'public', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'consultation', 'Company', 'website', 'org', 'consolidated', 'information', 'fees', 'declaration', 'person', 'Board', 'description', 'approval', 'July', 'Agenda', '30 years', 'sales', 'fiscal', 'automotive', 'industry', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,300 employees', 'sites', 'Asia', '4,100 patents', 'SmartSiC™', 'trademarks', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-46911728/,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 5 June 2024 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -…,5 June 2024 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 29 May and 4 June 2024.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 25 May 2023 the powers of the Board of Directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 640 768 (1.2%) on 4 June 2024. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerEdouard Janssen  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'share buyback programme', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Edouard Janssen', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', '5 June', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '29 May', '4 June', '25 May', 'powers', 'Board', 'Directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'dieterengroup', 'Website']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2893648/0/en/Vantiva-May-2024-Information-concerning-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,Vantiva - May 2024 - Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares,June 5  2024  Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French......,June 5  2024Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés FinanciersVantiva Shares(ISIN Code FR0013505062) Date Number of Outstanding Shares Number of Voting Rights May 31  2024490 143 003Number of Theoretical Voting Rights(1): 490 143 003Number of Voting Rights Exercisable at Shareholders’ meeting(2): 490 143 003(1) Calculated  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers  based on the total number of outstanding shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares with suspended voting rights.(2) Excluding shares with suspended voting rights.* **About Vantivawww.vantiva.com – Follow us: @Vantiva – www.linkedin.com/company/vantiva/Vantiva shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (VANTI).Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Vantiva', 'May', 'Information', 'shares', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Commercial Code', 'Theoretical Voting Rights', 'ISIN Code', 'General Regulations', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'Outstanding Shares', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Vantiva Shares', 'June', 'Information', 'Attachment']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2894146/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Ice-Fish-Farm-AS.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Ice Fish Farm AS,"Notice is given to the shareholders of Ice Fish Farm AS (the ""Company"") that the Annual General Meeting will be held on 21 June 2024 at 14:00 hours (CET). The meeting will be held at the Company's offices at Nordfrøyveien 413  Sistranda. Pre-registration is n…","Notice is given to the shareholders of Ice Fish Farm AS (the ""Company"") that the Annual General Meeting will be held on 21 June 2024 at 14:00 hours (CET). The meeting will be held at the Company's offices at Nordfrøyveien 413  Sistranda. Pre-registration is needed for attending the meeting and shareholders may also provide a proxy. Deadline for the pre-registration and registration of proxies is 19 June 2024 at 12:00 hours (CET).The notice for the Annual General Meeting  including the attendance and proxy forms  is attached to this announcement.Contacts: Guðmundur Gíslason  CEO of ICE FISH FARM AS: +354 8960426This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.About Ice Fish Farm:Ice Fish Farm is listed on Euronext Growth Oslo. The company is the 100% owner of Fiskeldi Austfjarða ehf.  the leading farming company in Iceland with its head office in Eskifjörður. The Company is fully integrated with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.icefishfarm.is for more information about the Company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ice Fish Farm', 'Notice', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', 'Guðmundur Gíslason', 'Fiskeldi Austfjarða ehf.', 'Ice Fish Farm', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Eskifjörður', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading farming company', 'Nordfrøyveien', 'disclosure requirements', 'head office', 'value chain', 'proxy forms', 'The Company', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '21 June', '14:00 hours', 'CET', 'offices', 'Sistranda', 'Pre-registration', 'Deadline', 'proxies', '19 June', '12:00 hours', 'attendance', 'announcement', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'information', 'section', '100% owner', 'Iceland', 'control', 'parts', 'icefishfarm']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2894114/0/en/Results-of-the-Ordinary-General-Meeting-of-5-June-2024.html,Results of the Ordinary General Meeting of 5 June 2024,Press release           Results of the Ordinary General Meeting of 5 June 2024          .    Adoption of all the resolutions submitted to the......,Press releaseResults of the Ordinary General Meeting of 5 June 2024. Adoption of all the resolutions submitted to the shareholder approval at MRM’s General Meeting  including:Approval of the cash dividend payout to shareholders of €1.30 per share in respect of 2023 financial yearRatification of the appointment of Louis Bourrousse as directorAppointment of Thierry Lacaze as independent directorParis  5 June 2024: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6)  a real estate company specialising in retail property  announced the adoption of all the resolutions submitted to the shareholders at the Ordinary General Meeting held today in Paris  chaired by Louis Bourrousse  Chairman of the Board of Directors.All the resolutions put forward were approved by shareholders by a very large majority  including:A cash payout to shareholders of €1.30 per share in respect of 2023 financial year. The planned ex-dividend date is 10 June 2024 and payment will be made on 12 June 2024;Ratification of the appointment as director of Louis Bourrousse  co-opted by the Board of Directors at its meeting of 12 December 2023  replacing François de Varenne; The appointment of Thierry Lacaze as independent director  replacing Brigitte Gauthier-Darcet.A quorum of 74 61% was reached  representing a total of 2 389 900 shares. Detailed results of the votes on resolutions can be found on www.mrminvest.comChanges to MRM’s governanceAs a result of those votes  the composition of the Board of Directors is now as follows:Louis Bourrousse  Chairman of the Board of Directors and director;SCOR SE  director  represented by Carole De Rozières;Altarea  director  represented by Rodrigo Clare;Thierry Lacaze  independent director;Valérie Ohannessian  independent director; andKarine Trébaticky  director.As announced on 4 April 2024  the appointment of Damien Chiaffi as Chief Executive Officer of MRM  replacing François Matray  became effective after the close of the General Meeting.About Thierry Lacaze:Having spent his entire career in commercial property  Thierry Lacaze now works as a consultant to companies in the sector. He began his career as a property manager in 1982 at SCC  before being promoted to department head. In 1985  he was appointed director of the EVRY2 shopping centre  one of the largest shopping centres in the Ile-de-France region. In 1990  he joined Tréma as head of operations. From 1999  he served as portfolio manager and became a member of the Executive Committee at SCC  overseeing all operations and sales teams. He was then in charge of the company’s development and client relations. Thierry Lacaze holds a university degree in finance and accounting.CalendarRevenues for the second quarter and 2024 first half results are due on 25 July 2024 after market close in place of the initially announced date of 26 July  due to scheduling reasons.About MRMMRM is a listed real estate investment company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 56.56% of share capital. MRM is listed in Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP – Reuters code: MRM.PA).MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008.For more informationMRM5  avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT +33 (0)1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.com Isabelle Laurent  OPRG FinancialM +33 (0)6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frWebsite: www.mrminvest.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'Results', '5 June', 'avenue Kléber 75795 Paris Cedex', 'listed real estate investment company', 'Carole De Rozières', 'François de Varenne', 'real estate company', 'François Matray', 'Valérie Ohannessian', 'EVRY2 shopping centre', 'largest shopping centres', 'Karine Trébaticky', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'cash dividend payout', '2024 first half results', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'cash payout', 'Tréma', 'Executive Committee', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press release', '2023 financial year', 'Louis Bourrousse', 'Thierry Lacaze', 'Euronext code', 'retail property', 'large majority', 'Brigitte Gauthier-Darcet', 'Detailed results', 'SCOR SE', 'Rodrigo Clare', 'Damien Chiaffi', 'commercial property', 'property manager', 'Ile-de-France region', 'sales teams', 'client relations', 'university degree', 'second quarter', 'scheduling reasons', 'retail properties', 'several regions', 'majority shareholder', 'Compartment C', 'Bloomberg code', 'Reuters code', 'SIIC status', 'OPRG Financial', 'shareholder approval', 'ex-dividend date', 'entire career', 'department head', 'portfolio manager', 'independent director', 'share capital', 'Isabelle Laurent', '5 June', 'Adoption', 'resolutions', 'MRM', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'Ratification', 'appointment', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', '10 June', 'payment', '12 June', '12 December', 'quorum', 'total', '2 389 900 shares', 'votes', 'www', 'Changes', 'governance', 'composition', 'Altarea', '4 April', 'close', 'consultant', 'companies', 'sector', 'SCC', 'operations', 'member', 'charge', 'development', 'finance', 'accounting', 'Calendar', 'Revenues', '25 July', 'market', 'place', '26 July', 'ISIN', 'FP', '1 January', 'information', 'oprgfinancial', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALERIO-THERAPEUTICS-17068163/news/Valerio-Therapeutics-Report-on-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-June-4-2024-46905130/,Valerio Therapeutics: Report on the Combined General Meeting of June 4  2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Valerio Therapeutics S.A.   a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response and driver oncogenes  today announced that the Combined General…,Regulatory News:Valerio Therapeutics S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response (DDR) and driver oncogenes  today announced that the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) General Meeting held today at 2 pm was able to validly deliberate with a quorum of 48.1%.The General Meeting adopted all the resolutions approved by the Board of Directors.The consolidated result of the vote by resolution and the minutes of the General Meeting will be available within the legal deadlines on the Company's website  in the General Meetings section.***About Valerio TherapeuticsValerio Therapeutics (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative oncology drugs targeting tumor DNA-binding functions through unique mechanisms of action in the sought-after field of DNA Damage Response (DDR). The Company is focused on bringing early-stage first-in-class or disruptive compounds from translational research to clinical proof-of-concept  a value-creating inflection point appealing to potential partners.PlatON is ValerioTX’s proprietary chemistry platform of oligonucleotides acting as decoy agonists  which generates new innovative compounds and broaden the Company’s product pipeline.VIO-01 (formerly OX425)  the second compound from platON™  is a novel pan-DDR Decoy with high antitumor activity. It also mediates multiple immunostimulatory effects by activating the STING pathway. In 2023  VIO-01 underwent IND-enabling preclinical development until IND submission and positive feedback from the FDA to initiate its clinical development.DecoyTAC: the 3rd generation platON™ platform  leveraging the unique MOA of DNA decoy therapeutics coupled to targeted protein degradation (PROTAC). This evolution expands the activity of platON™ platform beyond DNA repair by targeting other proteins such as transcription and epigenetic factors  in oncology and outside oncology for other diseases like inflammatory and muscular diseases.For further information  please visit www.valeriotx.comForward looking statementsThis communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Valerio Therapeutics and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Valerio Therapeutics to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Valerio Therapeutics is providing this communication as of this date and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Valerio Therapeutics to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the risk factors described in the most recent Company’s registration document or in any other periodic financial report and in any other press release  which are available free of charge on the websites of the Company Group (https://valeriotx.com/) and/or the AMF (www.amf-france.org).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240604590867/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Valerio Therapeutics', 'Report', 'June', 'other periodic financial report', '3rd generation platON™ platform', 'Valerio Therapeutics S.A.', 'tumor DNA Damage Response', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'value-creating inflection point', 'proprietary chemistry platform', 'multiple immunostimulatory effects', 'General Meetings section', 'novel pan-DDR Decoy', 'other press release', 'Extraordinary) General Meeting', 'Forward looking statements', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'high antitumor activity', 'IND-enabling preclinical development', 'The General Meeting', 'new innovative compounds', 'DNA decoy therapeutics', 'innovative oncology drugs', 'innovative drugs', 'decoy agonists', 'financial condition', 'other proteins', 'other diseases', 'other factors', 'The Company', 'disruptive compounds', 'DNA repair', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Regulatory News', 'driver oncogenes', 'Combined (Ordinary', 'legal deadlines', 'DNA-binding functions', 'unique mechanisms', 'translational research', 'clinical proof', 'potential partners', 'product pipeline', 'second compound', 'STING pathway', 'IND submission', 'positive feedback', 'unique MOA', 'protein degradation', 'epigenetic factors', 'outside oncology', 'muscular diseases', 'actual results', 'future results', 'new information', 'future events', 'risk factors', 'recent Company', 'registration document', 'Company Group', 'source version', 'consolidated result', 'unknown risks', 'ALVIO', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'vote', 'minutes', 'website', 'action', 'field', 'early', 'class', 'concept', 'ValerioTX', 'oligonucleotides', 'OX42', 'VIO-01', 'FDA', 'DecoyTAC', 'PROTAC', 'evolution', 'transcription', 'inflammatory', 'communication', 'business', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'discussion', 'charge', 'AMF', 'france', 'org']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/valerio-therapeutics-report-on-the-combined-general-meeting-of-june-4-2024-93CH-3470928,Valerio Therapeutics: Report on the Combined General Meeting of June 4  2024 By Investing.com,Valerio Therapeutics: Report on the Combined General Meeting of June 4  2024,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Valerio Therapeutics S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response (DDR) and driver oncogenes  today announced that the Combined (Ordinary and Extraordinary) General Meeting held today at 2 pm was able to validly deliberate with a quorum of 48.1%.The General Meeting adopted all the resolutions approved by the Board of Directors.The consolidated result of the vote by resolution and the minutes of the General Meeting will be available within the legal deadlines on the Company's website  in the General Meetings section.About Valerio TherapeuticsValerio Therapeutics (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative oncology drugs targeting tumor DNA-binding functions through unique mechanisms of action in the sought-after field of DNA Damage Response (DDR). The Company is focused on bringing early-stage first-in-class or disruptive compounds from translational research to clinical proof-of-concept  a value-creating inflection point appealing to potential partners.PlatON is ValerioTX's proprietary chemistry platform of oligonucleotides acting as decoy agonists  which generates new innovative compounds and broaden the Company's product pipeline.VIO-01 (formerly OX425)  the second compound from platON™  is a novel pan-DDR Decoy with high antitumor activity. It also mediates multiple immunostimulatory effects by activating the STING pathway. In 2023  VIO-01 underwent IND-enabling preclinical development until IND submission and positive feedback from the FDA to initiate its clinical development.DecoyTAC: the 3rd generation platON™ platform  leveraging the unique MOA of DNA decoy therapeutics coupled to targeted protein degradation (PROTAC). This evolution expands the activity of platON™ platform beyond DNA repair by targeting other proteins such as transcription and epigenetic factors  in oncology and outside oncology for other diseases like inflammatory and muscular diseases.For further information  please visit www.valeriotx.comForward looking statementsThis communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Valerio Therapeutics and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Valerio Therapeutics to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Valerio Therapeutics is providing this communication as of this date and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Valerio Therapeutics to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the risk factors described in the most recent Company's registration document or in any other periodic financial report and in any other press release  which are available free of charge on the websites of the Company Group (https://valeriotx.com/) and/or the AMF (www.amf-france.org).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240604590867/en/Valerio TherapeuticsInvestor Relationsinvestors@valeriotx.com+33 (0) 1 70 38 33 99U.S.: +1 617 366 1022Source: Valerio Therapeutics,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Valerio Therapeutics', 'Investing.com', 'Report', 'June', 'other periodic financial report', '3rd generation platON™ platform', 'Valerio Therapeutics S.A.', 'value-creating inflection point', 'proprietary chemistry platform', 'multiple immunostimulatory effects', 'DNA Damage Response', 'General Meetings section', 'novel pan-DDR Decoy', 'other press release', 'Extraordinary) General Meeting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Forward looking statements', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'high antitumor activity', 'IND-enabling preclinical development', 'The General Meeting', 'DNA decoy therapeutics', 'new innovative compounds', 'innovative oncology drugs', 'innovative drugs', 'U.S.', 'DNA repair', 'decoy agonists', 'financial condition', 'other proteins', 'other diseases', 'other factors', 'The Company', 'disruptive compounds', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Regulatory News', 'driver oncogenes', 'Combined (Ordinary', 'legal deadlines', 'DNA-binding functions', 'unique mechanisms', 'translational research', 'clinical proof', 'potential partners', 'product pipeline', 'second compound', 'STING pathway', 'IND submission', 'positive feedback', 'unique MOA', 'protein degradation', 'epigenetic factors', 'outside oncology', 'muscular diseases', 'actual results', 'future results', 'new information', 'future events', 'risk factors', 'recent Company', 'registration document', 'Company Group', 'Investor Relations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'consolidated result', 'unknown risks', 'source version', 'ALVIO', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'vote', 'minutes', 'website', 'action', 'field', 'early', 'class', 'concept', 'ValerioTX', 'oligonucleotides', 'OX42', 'VIO-01', 'FDA', 'DecoyTAC', 'PROTAC', 'evolution', 'transcription', 'inflammatory', 'communication', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'discussion', 'charge', 'AMF', 'france', 'org', 'businesswire']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,investing.com
42269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-shareholding-as-05-31-2024-46910985/,HighCo: shareholding as 05/31/2024,(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers Date of settlemento…,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) May 31  2024 20 455 403 758 861 22 374 878 21 616 017 April 30  2024 20 455 403 714 864 22 375 860 21 660 996 March 31  2024 20 455 403 696 391 22 376 742 21 680 351 February 29  2024 20 455 403 700 847 22 376 636 21 675 789 January 31  2024 20 455 403 697 328 22 376 636 21 679 308 December 31  2023 20 455 403 701 329 22 376 736 21 675 407(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has nearly 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ1 2024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 April 2024Q2 and H1 2024 Gross Profit: Thursday  18 July 2024Q3 and 9-months 2024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  16 October 20242024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  22 January 2025Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2024 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 10:00 am: Thursday  12 September 2024Earnings2024 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  11 September 2024HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['HighCo', 'shareholding', '05', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', '2024 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'Q1 2024 Gross Profit', 'H1 2024 Gross Profit', '9-months 2024 Gross Profit', 'French Commercial Code', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'press releases', 'compartment C', 'Euronext Paris', 'French Society', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Nicolas CASSAR', 'Analyst meeting', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'May', 'April', 'HighCo', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'comfi', 'place', 'Wednesday', 'Q2', 'Thursday', 'Q3', 'October', 'January', 'SFAF', 'September', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '10:00']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4122270.html,Accor & Amadeus announce a new collaboration,Amadeus and Accor expand their strategic partnership  with Accor implementing Amadeus’ Central Reservation System (ACRS) for its extensive portfolio of properties globally. Amadeus’ cloud-based technology will help Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in…,Amadeus and Accor expand their strategic partnership  with Accor implementing Amadeus’ Central Reservation System (ACRS) for its extensive portfolio of properties globally. Amadeus’ cloud-based technology will help Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in boosting revenues  maximizing distribution strategies  and building deeper and more personalized connections with guests.Empowering hotels with cutting-edge technology & new capabilitiesAccor's ambitious distribution strategy aims at moving to tomorrow’s distribution and constantly striving to drive more business to its hotels while optimizing the cost of distribution.Amadeus will provide best-in-class technology capabilities  including cloud  connectivity solutions  and an enhanced user experience. This will foster greater agility and simplicity for hotels to capture business  ultimately improving operational efficiency and guest service quality.The implementation of Amadeus’ Central Reservation System will not only empower Accor’s hoteliers to leverage the established ACRS product but will also unlock new capabilities. These include enhanced flexibility  seamless integration with emerging technologies  and simplified daily operations. These advancements will enable hotels to better meet the evolving needs of guests  ensuring Accor remains at the forefront of the hospitality industry.Powering the future of hospitality & elevating the guest experienceThis enhanced collaboration between Accor and Amadeus aims to transform the hospitality landscape and deliver unparalleled guest experiences across Accor's extensive global portfolio.With its innovative features  ACRS empowers hoteliers to transcend traditional boundaries and curate personalized offers that go beyond mere room types. By incorporating sophisticated attributes such as room views  styles  bedding preferences  and more  Accor’s hoteliers can elevate the sales process to a holistic guest experience. This ensures that every stay is memorable and tailored to individual preferences  enhancing guest satisfaction and loyalty.Our ambition with this new distribution strategy is to transition from an in-house legacy system to a world-class  open system scalable across all regions  enabling future growth. By deepening our collaboration with Amadeus  we will leverage the advanced capabilities of the Amadeus Central Reservation System and equip our hotels and owners with a modern distribution management tool  offering a wider range of services  new revenue-generating capabilities and personalized guest experiences. Alix Boulnois  Chief Digital Officer  AccorOur team at Amadeus is proud to be leading the way to modernize the merchandizing experience in hospitality  and we are excited to partner with Accor to roll out ACRS across its diverse portfolio. Today’s dynamically changing market demonstrates the need for transformative technology to keep pace with guest expectations and drive growth in the context of evolving business needs. Through this partnership  Accor joins our global community of world-leading hotels on a mission to transform relationships with guests  exceed their expectations  and make the experience of travel better. Francisco Pérez-Lozao Rüter  President  Hospitality  AmadeusAbout AmadeusAmadeus makes the experience of travel better for everyone  everywhere by inspiring innovation  partnerships and responsibility to people  places and planet.Our technology powers the travel and tourism industry. Inspiring more open ways of working. More connected ways of thinking  centered around the traveler. Our open platform connects the global travel and hospitality ecosystem. From startups to big industry players and governments too. Together  redesigning the travel of tomorrow.We are working to make travel a force for social and environmental good. A collective responsibility to protect and improve the people and places we visit  ensuring travel continues to make a positive contribution to our world.We apply innovation to meet new needs  to solve real challenges. Our truly diverse global workforce  made up of 150 nationalities  is passionate about travel and technology.We are an IBEX 35 company  listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange under AMS.MC. We have also been recognized by the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the last 11 years.Amadeus. It’s how travel works better.Learn more about Amadeus at www.amadeus.com and www.amadeus-hospitality.com.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  with 5 600 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Line CrieloueGroup external communications - Executive Director - Corporate+33 1 45 38 18 11Accor,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['new collaboration', 'Accor', 'Amadeus', 'Francisco Pérez-Lozao Rüter', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index', 'modern distribution management tool', 'Amadeus’ Central Reservation System', 'Amadeus Central Reservation System', 'world leading hospitality group', 'house legacy system', 'Chief Digital Officer', 'Spanish Stock Exchange', 'world-class, open system', 'guest service quality', 'mere room types', 'ambitious distribution strategy', 'diverse global workforce', 'big industry players', 'unparalleled guest experiences', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'new revenue-generating capabilities', 'new distribution strategy', 'holistic guest experience', 'class technology capabilities', 'extensive global portfolio', 'personalized guest experiences', 'Amadeus’ cloud-based technology', 'evolving business needs', 'diverse portfolio', 'The Group', 'extensive portfolio', 'evolving needs', 'new capabilities', 'new needs', 'guest satisfaction', 'room views', 'global community', 'advanced capabilities', 'distribution strategies', 'personalized connections', 'personalized offers', 'open ways', 'open platform', 'hospitality industry', 'hospitality landscape', 'guest expectations', 'cutting-edge technology', 'connectivity solutions', 'greater agility', 'operational efficiency', 'seamless integration', 'emerging technologies', 'daily operations', 'innovative features', 'traditional boundaries', 'sophisticated attributes', 'bedding preferences', 'sales process', 'individual preferences', 'wider range', 'Alix Boulnois', 'changing market', 'transformative technology', 'tourism industry', 'connected ways', 'environmental good', 'positive contribution', 'real challenges', 'IBEX 35 company', 'AMS.MC', 'last 11 years', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', '45 hotel brands', 'positive action', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'user experience', 'merchandizing experience', 'world-leading hotels', 'business ethics', 'global travel', 'strategic partnership', 'enhanced flexibility', 'collective responsibility', 'ACRS product', 'Accor SA', 'future growth', 'properties', 'revenues', 'deeper', 'guests', 'Empowering', 'tomorrow', 'cost', 'simplicity', 'implementation', 'hoteliers', 'advancements', 'forefront', 'collaboration', 'styles', 'stay', 'loyalty', 'ambition', 'regions', 'owners', 'services', 'team', 'context', 'mission', 'relationships', 'President', 'everyone', 'innovation', 'partnerships', 'people', 'places', 'planet', 'More', 'thinking', 'traveler', 'startups', 'governments', 'social', '150 nationalities', 'amadeus-hospitality', '110 countries', '10,000 food', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,hospitalitynet.org
42271,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2894060/0/en/RIBER-Denial-of-unfounded-rumours-circulating-on-the-Internet.html,RIBER: Denial of unfounded rumours circulating on the Internet,Denial of unfounded rumours circulating on the Internet  Bezons (France)  May 14  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam......,Denial of unfounded rumours circulating on the InternetBezons (France)  May 14  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  categorically denies the allegations circulating on the Internet and relayed on certain stock market forums concerning the existence of a strategic cooperation agreement with a Chinese company and the acquisition of MBE 8000 systems by this company.RIBER formally denies all this “information” and strongly protests against the misuse of its name and the damage to its reputation.RIBER points out that it conducts its business in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations and that only the information disseminated via its regulated professional wire and included on its website is authentic.RIBER is currently examining all possible legal actions in response to the dissemination of this false information.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunication networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS: Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,negative,0.02,0.17,0.82,negative,0.01,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['unfounded rumours', 'RIBER', 'Denial', 'Internet', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'stock market forums', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'strategic cooperation agreement', 'possible legal actions', '5G telecommunication networks', 'global market leader', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'global leader', 'semiconductor industry', 'Chinese company', 'MBE 8000 systems', 'unfounded rumours', 'full compliance', 'applicable laws', 'professional wire', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'quantum computing', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'false information', 'information technologies', 'Cyril Combe', 'MBE) equipment', 'Denial', 'Internet', 'Bezons', 'CET', 'RIBER', 'allegations', 'existence', 'acquisition', 'misuse', 'name', 'damage', 'reputation', 'business', 'regulations', 'website', 'response', 'dissemination', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'development', 'photonics', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'research', 'field', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '8:00', '1']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42272,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENGIE-4995/news/ENGIE-announces-a-refinancing-transaction-of-hybrid-bonds-46908000/,ENGIE : announces a refinancing transaction of hybrid bonds,(marketscreener.com)   5 June 2024   ENGIE announces a refinancing transaction of hybrid bonds   ENGIE is today launching a tender offer on two undated deeply subordinated fixed rate resettable notes first callable in November 2024 and in April 2025  …,"The Company will retain full discretion on the amount of the tenders accepted from each of the Notes  subject to a maximum acceptance amount expected to be approximately equal to the difference between (A) the aggregate nominal amount of the New Notes and (B) €337 800 000 (the ""Maximum Acceptance Amount"")  to be determined and announced as soon as reasonably practicable following the pricing of the New Notes.ENGIE (the ""Company"") is today launching a tender offer (the ""Tender Offer"") on two undated deeply subordinated fixed rate resettable notes first callable in November 2024 (the ""NC 2024 Notes"") and in April 2025  respectively (the ""NC 2025 Notes"" and together with the NC 2024 Notes  the ""Notes""). The NC 2024 Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and NC 2025 Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market.DisclaimerThis announcement does not constitute an invitation to participate in the Tender Offer in or from any jurisdiction in or from which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation under applicable securities laws. The distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Tenders of Notes for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer will not be accepted from qualifying holders in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. ENGIE does not make any recommendation as to whether or not qualifying holders should participate in the Tender Offer.United StatesThe Tender Offer is not being made and will not be made directly or indirectly in or into  to owners of Notes who are located in the United States as defined in Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or to U.S. Persons as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act (each a ""U.S. Person"") and such Notes may not be tendered in the Tender Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States  by persons located or resident in the United States or by U.S. Persons. Accordingly  copies of this document are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded in or into the United States or to any such person. Any purported offer to sell in response to the Tender Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid  and offers to sell made by a person located in the United States or any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non- discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States or any U.S. Person will not be accepted.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['refinancing transaction', 'hybrid bonds', 'ENGIE', 'two undated deeply subordinated fixed rate resettable notes', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Global Exchange Market', 'applicable securities laws', 'maximum acceptance amount', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'U.S. Persons', 'The NC 2024 Notes', 'The Tender Offer', 'Regulation S', 'NC 2025 Notes', 'New Notes', 'full discretion', 'Euronext Paris', 'Official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'qualifying holders', 'United States', 'other intermediary', 'discretionary basis', 'Company', 'tenders', 'difference', 'pricing', 'ENGIE', 'November', 'April', 'Disclaimer', 'announcement', 'invitation', 'jurisdiction', 'distribution', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'purchase', 'circumstances', 'solicitation', 'recommendation', 'owners', 'use', 'means', 'instrumentality', 'facility', 'copies', 'document', 'response', 'violation', 'offers', 'agent', 'fiduciary', 'principal', 'instructions']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42273,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Believe-Conditions-of-availability-of-information-and-documents-related-to-the-General-Meeting-of-46909068/,Believe : Conditions of availability of information and documents related to the General Meeting of June 26  2024,(marketscreener.com)   Conditions of availability of information and documents related to the   General Meeting of June 26  2024   Paris  June 5  2024 - The General Meeting of the Company will be held on first notice on Wednesday  June 26th  2024  at …,Conditions of availability of information and documents related to theGeneral Meeting of June 26  2024Paris  June 5  2024 - The General Meeting of the Company will be held on first notice on Wednesday  June 26th  2024  at 3 p.m. (Paris time)  at l'Espace 73 - 73  rue d'Anjou  75008 Paris  France.The notice of meeting  including the agenda and the text of the draft resolutions  was published at the French official legal announcement publication (BALO) on May 17th  2024  Bulletin 60  under number 2401823. The convening notice will be published at the BALO and in a French Journal d'annonces légales  on Monday  June 10th  2024. The participation and voting conditions at this meeting are included in these two notices.Information and documents relating to the General Meeting required under article R. 225-83 of the French commercial code are made available to Shareholders under the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and can be consulted on the Company's website (www.believe.com/general-meeting-shareholders-2024)About BelieveBelieve is one of the world's leading digital music companies. Believe's mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe's passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group's global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 919 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Believe', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'information', 'documents', 'June', 'French official legal announcement publication', 'leading digital music companies', 'French commercial code', 'annonces légales', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'digital music experts', 'The General Meeting', 'French Journal', 'digital world', 'draft resolutions', 'May 17th', 'two notices', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment B', 'regulated market', 'first notice', 'convening notice', 'independent artists', 'Paris time', 'various solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'voting conditions', '75008 Paris', 'availability', 'information', 'documents', 'June', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'Espace', 'rue', 'France', 'agenda', 'text', 'BALO', 'Bulletin', 'number', 'Monday', 'participation', 'article', 'Shareholders', 'regulations', 'force', 'website', 'Believe', 'mission', 'labels', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', 'development', 'Group', '1,919 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ishtar', 'Byond', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', '3']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42274,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LATECOERE-5010/news/Eve-Air-Mobility-Names-Latecoere-as-Supplier-for-eVTOL-Doors-46909804/,Eve Air Mobility Names Latecoere as Supplier for eVTOL Doors,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Eve Air Mobility has named Latecoere as supplier for its electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft’s doors.Eve is a global electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft manufacturer  services and software lead…,Regulatory News:Eve Air Mobility (“Eve”) (NYSE: EVEX; EVEXW) has named Latecoere (Paris:LAT) as supplier for its electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft’s doors.Eve is a global electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft manufacturer  services and software leader focused on accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable  all-electric flight. Headquartered in Melbourne  FL USA  Eve has a global team of nearly 1 000 employees dedicated to designing and developing a four-passenger  one pilot eVTOL aircraft along with a holistic suite of agnostic services and operations solutions.As part of this new collaboration  Latecoere will design and manufacture passenger and pilot doors for the eVTOL  contributing to reach the program’s milestones in terms of development  certification  and rapid ramp-up trajectory. Prime focus will be placed on system safety  product weight optimization  and low-carbon commitments.Greg Huttner  CEO of Latecoere: “This contract is the result of a close collaboration between our teams in France and the Americas. It will strengthen our expertise in composites and position Latecoere in an additional business segment  in particular on a programme with flourishing market prospects. Our teams are beyond excited to support Eve’s development and success for the future of urban mobility.”Last year  Eve Air Mobility announced that its first eVTOL production facility will be located in the city of Taubaté  in the state of São Paulo  Brazil. The company has begun assembly of its first full-scale eVTOL prototype which will be followed by a test campaign. Eve has the industry’s largest backlog with letters of intent for up to 2 900 eVTOL aircraft and its aircraft is scheduled to begin deliveries and enter service in 2026.________________________________________________________About LatecoereTier 1 to the world’s leading OEMs (Airbus  BAE Systems  Boeing  Bombardier  Dassault Aviation  Embraer  Honda Aircraft Company  Lockheed Martin  RTX  Thales)  Latecoere serves aerospace with innovative solutions for a sustainable world. The Group operates in all segments of the aerospace industry (commercial  regional  business  defense and space) in two business areas:Aerostructures (61% of sales): doors  fuselage  wings and empennage  struts & rods and customer services;Interconnection Systems (39% of sales): wiring  avionic racks  onboard equipment  electronic systems and customer services.As of December 31  2023  the Group employed 5 497 people in 14 countries. Latecoere is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment B  ISIN Code: FR001400JY13 - Reuters: AEP.PA - Bloomberg: AT.FPView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240604598809/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Eve Air Mobility', 'eVTOL Doors', 'Supplier', 'four-passenger, one pilot eVTOL aircraft', 'first eVTOL production facility', 'first full-scale eVTOL prototype', 'global electric vertical takeoff', 'rapid ramp-up trajectory', 'product weight optimization', 'additional business segment', 'flourishing market prospects', 'São Paulo', 'commercial, regional, business', 'two business areas', 'eVTOL) aircraft manufacturer', 'sustainable, all-electric flight', 'Honda Aircraft Company', 'Eve Air Mobility', '2,900 eVTOL aircraft', 'global team', 'pilot doors', 'urban mobility', 'software leader', 'FL USA', 'holistic suite', 'operations solutions', 'new collaboration', 'Prime focus', 'system safety', 'low-carbon commitments', 'Greg Huttner', 'close collaboration', 'test campaign', 'largest backlog', 'leading OEMs', 'BAE Systems', 'Dassault Aviation', 'Lockheed Martin', 'innovative solutions', 'Interconnection Systems', 'avionic racks', 'onboard equipment', 'electronic systems', 'Compartment B', 'ISIN Code', 'AEP.PA', 'AT.FP', 'source version', 'sustainable world', 'agnostic services', 'customer services', 'Regulatory News', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'aerospace industry', 'NYSE', 'EVEX', 'supplier', 'landing', 'transition', 'Melbourne', '1,000 employees', 'Latecoere', 'program', 'milestones', 'terms', 'development', 'certification', 'CEO', 'contract', 'result', 'teams', 'France', 'Americas', 'expertise', 'composites', 'position', 'success', 'future', 'city', 'Taubaté', 'state', 'Brazil', 'assembly', 'letters', 'intent', 'deliveries', 'Tier', 'Airbus', 'Boeing', 'Bombardier', 'Embraer', 'RTX', 'Thales', 'segments', 'defense', 'Aerostructures', 'sales', 'fuselage', 'wings', 'empennage', 'struts', 'rods', 'wiring', 'December', '5,497 people', '14 countries', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'businesswire']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42275,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2893676/0/en/Conditions-of-availability-of-information-and-documents-related-to-the-General-Meeting-of-June-26-2024.html,Conditions of availability of information and documents related to the General Meeting of June 26  2024,Conditions of availability of information and documents related to the        General Meeting of June 26  2024                 Paris  June 5 ...,Conditions of availability of information and documents related to theGeneral Meeting of June 26  2024Paris  June 5  2024 – The General Meeting of the Company will be held on first notice on Wednesday  June 26th  2024  at 3 p.m. (Paris time)  at l’Espace 73 – 73  rue d’Anjou  75008 Paris  France.The notice of meeting  including the agenda and the text of the draft resolutions  was published at the French official legal announcement publication (BALO) on May 17th  2024  Bulletin 60  under number 2401823. The convening notice will be published at the BALO and in a French Journal d’annonces légales  on Monday  June 10th  2024. The participation and voting conditions at this meeting are included in these two notices.Information and documents relating to the General Meeting required under article R. 225-83 of the French commercial code are made available to Shareholders under the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and can be consulted on the Company's website ( www.believe.com/general-meeting-shareholders-2024 )About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 919 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comBELIEVE Investor RelationsFrench joint-stock company with a share capital of € 488 911.33Register office: 24  rue Toulouse Lautrec – 75017  France Emilie MEGELTelephone: + 33 1 53 09 34 00 investors@believe.comRegistered with the Paris Trade and Companies Registry undernumber n°481 625 853 Tél : +33 1 53093391Website : www.believe.com Mobile :Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'information', 'documents', 'June', 'French official legal announcement publication', 'leading digital music companies', 'French commercial code', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'digital music experts', 'annonces légales', 'rue Toulouse Lautrec', 'French joint-stock company', 'BELIEVE Investor Relations', 'The General Meeting', 'French Journal', 'Companies Registry', 'Tél', 'digital world', 'draft resolutions', 'May 17th', 'two notices', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment B', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'Register office', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'first notice', 'convening notice', 'independent artists', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Paris Trade', 'various solutions', 'voting conditions', '75008 Paris', 'availability', 'information', 'documents', 'June', 'Wednesday', 'Espace', 'France', 'agenda', 'text', 'BALO', 'Bulletin', 'number', 'Monday', 'participation', 'article', 'Shareholders', 'regulations', 'force', 'website', 'mission', 'labels', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', 'development', 'Group', '1,919 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ishtar', 'Byond', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'Telephone', 'Attachment', '3']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42276,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-Now-Provides-Complete-Passwordless-Functionality-for-Enterprises-with-Passwordless-360--46908242/,Thales Now Provides Complete Passwordless Functionality for Enterprises with Passwordless 360°,(marketscreener.com) New approach allows organizations to use one solution provider to meet all their authentication needs across their customers  workforce  business customers  partner  and suppliers’ ecosystemsAnnouncement comes as Thales is named an …,New approach allows organizations to use one solution provider to meet all their authentication needs across their customers  workforce  business customers  partner  and suppliers’ ecosystems Announcement comes as Thales is named an Overall Leader in KuppingerCole’s 2024 Leadership Compass on Passwordless Authentication for ConsumersThales  the leading global technology and security provider  today announced Passwordless 360°  a new concept for passwordless authentication which offers Thales customers the broadest coverage of passwordless function across multiple types of users and assurance levels. Passwordless 360° has the flexibility to let companies use the latest technologies like FIDO passkeys  while also making the most of previous investments they might have made in passwordless technologies.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605617393/en/©KuppingerColeEnd users are increasingly frustrated with the number of passwords they’re asked to use  as well as the rules in place around their complexity. With the average person having as many as 100 to manage  users seek workarounds to get by – choosing passwords that are easier to remember or reusing the same password across multiple services.Passwordless 360° provides a complete set of tools that let organizations use passwordless authentication across a wide range of applications - from secure access to personal and work devices  to legacy and modern web resources. This helps keep the costs of making the move to passwordless down by being able to use one system – as well as increasing the likelihood that employees  customers and suppliers will use it. By removing the need to use traditional passwords it also eliminates the associated security risks through theft and phishing. Passwordless 360° can also meet the individual risk management requirements an organization might have  adhering to NIST requirements no matter where the passkeys are stored.Sitting alongside the existing Thales OneWelcome Identity Platform that serves as the foundation for passwordless policies  the Passwordless 360° concept includes:Support for passkeys in the OneWelcome Identity PlatformPasswordless Windows Logon  a true passwordless user experience that replaces passwords with ways for users to identify themselves  offering convenience and security benefits.a true passwordless user experience that replaces passwords with ways for users to identify themselves  offering convenience and security benefits. SafeNet FIDO Key Manager  a way of helping users manage the several FIDO keys they might be using themselves  reducing administration costs for organizations.a way of helping users manage the several FIDO keys they might be using themselves  reducing administration costs for organizations. FIDO Authenticator Lifecycle Management  developed in partnership with identity management software company Versasec. This tool lets organizations manage FIDO tokens and lets larger enterprises make the move to the modern FIDO standard at the scale needed.The announcement comes as Thales has been named an Overall  Product  Innovation and Market Leader in KuppingerCole’s latest Leadership Compass on Passwordless Authentication for Consumers  with the platform praised for offering a versatile set of identity applications encompassing a wide range of authentication methods to meet organizations’ needs.Alejandro Leal  Research Analyst at KuppingerColecommented: “Overall  Thales offers a comprehensive solution that enables organizations to improve their identity management practices  adapt to evolving technologies  and effectively secure their systems and data. Organizations in highly regulated industries and security-conscious organizations in both the public and private sectors that require strong authentication options should consider the OneWelcome Identity Platform.”About Thales Thales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies specialized in three business domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Cybersecurity & Digital identity. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive. The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key innovation areas such as AI  cybersecurity  quantum technologies  cloud technologies and 6G. Thales has close to 81 0001 employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion. _______________________________ 1 Excluding Transport business  which is being divestedPLEASE VISITThales GroupCloud Protection & Licensing Solutions | Thales GroupCybersecurity Solutions | Thales GroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605617393/en/,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.23,0.45,True,English,"['Complete Passwordless Functionality', 'Passwordless 360°', 'Thales', 'Enterprises', 'existing Thales OneWelcome Identity Platform', 'identity management software company', 'individual risk management requirements', 'FIDO Authenticator Lifecycle Management', 'SafeNet FIDO Key Manager', 'true passwordless user experience', 'identity management practices', 'modern web resources', 'several FIDO keys', 'modern FIDO standard', 'leading global technology', 'key innovation areas', 'three business domains', 'strong authentication options', 'Passwordless Windows Logon', 'associated security risks', 'one solution provider', 'latest Leadership Compass', 'Digital identity', '2024 Leadership Compass', 'NIST requirements', 'FIDO tokens', 'identity applications', 'security provider', 'latest technologies', 'one system', 'comprehensive solution', 'global leader', 'Transport business', 'FIDO passkeys', 'Passwordless Authentication', 'authentication needs', 'authentication methods', 'passwordless function', 'passwordless technologies', 'passwordless policies', 'Passwordless 360° concept', 'New approach', 'Overall Leader', 'new concept', 'broadest coverage', 'multiple types', 'assurance levels', 'previous investments', 'press release', 'full release', 'average person', 'same password', 'multiple services', 'complete set', 'wide range', 'secure access', 'work devices', 'security benefits', 'larger enterprises', 'Market Leader', 'versatile set', 'Alejandro Leal', 'evolving technologies', 'regulated industries', 'private sectors', 'Euronext Paris', 'advanced technologies', 'quantum technologies', 'cloud technologies', 'Cloud Protection', 'source version', 'business customers', 'The Group', 'administration costs', 'Licensing Solutions', 'Thales Thales', 'Thales Group', 'Research Analyst', 'Thales customers', 'organizations’ needs', 'security-conscious organizations', 'traditional passwords', 'End users', 'Cybersecurity Solutions', 'workforce', 'partner', 'suppliers', 'ecosystems', 'Announcement', 'KuppingerCole', 'Consumers', 'flexibility', 'companies', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'news', 'number', 'rules', 'place', 'complexity', 'workarounds', 'tools', 'personal', 'legacy', 'move', 'likelihood', 'employees', 'theft', 'phishing', 'foundation', 'Support', 'ways', 'convenience', 'Versasec', 'scale', 'Product', 'data', 'public', 'Defence', 'Aeronautics', 'Space', 'world', 'Development', '6G', '68 countries', 'sales']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42277,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/wolters-kluwer-expands-cch-tagetik-esg--sustainability-solution-to-include-carbon-emission-reporting-requirements-93CH-3471830,Wolters Kluwer expands CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability solution to include carbon emission reporting requirements By Investing.com,Wolters Kluwer expands CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability solution to include carbon emission reporting requirements,CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability for enables advanced data management of Scope 1  2 and 3 emissionsNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals  today announced that it has launched CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability for Carbon Emissions. This new solution supports companies seeking to report and disclose direct and indirect carbon emissions including Scope 3 emissions and align with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).The new carbon emissions reporting solution enhances CCH Tagetik's ESG and sustainability customer offering. The product now embeds pre-configured  carbon data management capabilities based on the GHG protocol  the world's most widely used greenhouse gas accounting standards and guidance1. This solution will support finance leaders in their efforts to track emissions accurately and accelerate compliance with relevant ESG regulations and standards.Ralf GÃ¤rtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance & ESG  Wolters Kluwer  said: Companies are seeking transformative technologies to enable them to meet growing ESG reporting needs and prepare for future requirements. Our new solution demonstrates our commitment to innovating to support finance leaders in managing disparate  non-financial data with the same rigor as applied to financial data. By expanding the core capabilities of financial consolidation and reporting  CCH Tagetik enables CFOs to accelerate core financial processes while automating close adjacent ones  including ESG  tax and regulatory reporting.Key features of the new solution include:End-to-end regulatory coverage with carbon emissions data automatically feeding into CSRD  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) output reports‹.with carbon emissions data automatically feeding into CSRD  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) output reports‹. Pre-configured data model to ingest data from multiple internal and external data sources.to ingest data from multiple internal and external data sources. Emission factors with pre-loaded and extensible library to speed up configuration and increase accuracy.with pre-loaded and extensible library to speed up configuration and increase accuracy. Pre-configured greenhouse gas (GHG) calculation logics for Scope 1  2 and 3 emissions.logics for Scope 1  2 and 3 emissions. Dashboard and data visualization capabilities for comprehensive insights.In line with its ongoing commitment to innovation and leadership in ESG and sustainability  CCH Tagetik hosted a Sustainable Business Think Tank at its CCH Tagetik inTouch industry event in Lucca  Italy  last week. The Sustainable Business Think Tank brought together leading ESG experts  academics and organizations to discuss emerging trends in sustainability reporting and strategic opportunities for driving sustainable progress.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.comAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook (NASDAQ: )  YouTube and Instagram.1 Standards & Guidance | GHG ProtocolView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605395513/en/MediaSarah WhybrowAssociate Director  External CommunicationsCorporate Performance & ESGWolters KluwerMob: +44 7855 186713sarah.whybrow@wolterskluwer.comSource: Wolters Kluwer,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['carbon emission reporting requirements', 'CCH Tagetik ESG', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Sustainability solution', 'Investing', 'The Sustainable Business Think Tank', 'CCH Tagetik inTouch industry event', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'new carbon emissions reporting solution', 'growing ESG reporting needs', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'carbon data management capabilities', 'greenhouse gas accounting standards', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'advanced data management', 'Ralf GÃ¤rtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'close adjacent ones', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'disparate, non-financial data', 'data visualization capabilities', 'indirect carbon emissions', 'sustainability customer offering', 'external data sources', 'core financial processes', 'carbon emissions data', 'relevant ESG regulations', 'end regulatory coverage', 'leading ESG experts', 'CCH Tagetik ESG', 'GHG) calculation logics', 'Wolters Kluwer Mob', 'GRI) output reports', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'sustainable progress', 'core capabilities', 'regulatory reporting', 'new solution', 'financial consolidation', 'External Communications', 'NEW YORK', 'data model', 'global leader', 'Corporate Performance', 'GHG protocol', 'finance leaders', 'General Manager', 'transformative technologies', 'future requirements', 'same rigor', 'Key features', 'multiple internal', 'Emission factors', 'extensible library', 'comprehensive insights', 'emerging trends', 'strategic opportunities', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Associate Director', 'corporate compliance', 'ongoing commitment', 'software solutions', 'source version', 'Sarah Whybrow', 'Scope 3 emissions', '1 Standards', 'ESG.', 'Scope 1, 2', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'companies', 'CSRD', 'product', 'world', 'guidance', 'efforts', 'CFOs', 'tax', 'IFRS', 'SASB', 'ingest', 'loaded', 'configuration', 'accuracy', 'Dashboard', 'line', 'innovation', 'leadership', 'Lucca', 'Italy', 'academics', 'organizations', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'legal', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'NASDAQ', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', 'Media']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,investing.com
42278,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-expands-CCH-Tagetik-ESG-Sustainability-solution-to-include-carbon-emission-reportin-46910646/,Wolters Kluwer expands CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability solution to include carbon emission reporting requirements,(marketscreener.com) CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability for Carbon Emissions enables advanced data management of Scope 1  2 and 3 emissionshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-expands-CCH-Tagetik-ESG-Sustaina…,CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability for Carbon Emissions enables advanced data management of Scope 1  2 and 3 emissionsWolters Kluwer  a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals  today announced that it has launched CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability for Carbon Emissions. This new solution supports companies seeking to report and disclose direct and indirect carbon emissions including Scope 3 emissions and align with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).The new carbon emissions reporting solution enhances CCH Tagetik’s ESG and sustainability customer offering. The product now embeds pre-configured  carbon data management capabilities based on the GHG protocol  the world's most widely used greenhouse gas accounting standards and guidance1. This solution will support finance leaders in their efforts to track emissions accurately and accelerate compliance with relevant ESG regulations and standards.Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance & ESG  Wolters Kluwer  said: “Companies are seeking transformative technologies to enable them to meet growing ESG reporting needs and prepare for future requirements. Our new solution demonstrates our commitment to innovating to support finance leaders in managing disparate  non-financial data with the same rigor as applied to financial data. By expanding the core capabilities of financial consolidation and reporting  CCH Tagetik enables CFOs to accelerate core financial processes while automating close adjacent ones  including ESG  tax and regulatory reporting.”Key features of the new solution include:End-to-end regulatory coverage with carbon emissions data automatically feeding into CSRD  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) output reports​.with carbon emissions data automatically feeding into CSRD  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) output reports​. Pre-configured data model to ingest data from multiple internal and external data sources.to ingest data from multiple internal and external data sources. Emission factors with pre-loaded and extensible library to speed up configuration and increase accuracy.with pre-loaded and extensible library to speed up configuration and increase accuracy. Pre-configured greenhouse gas (GHG) calculation logics for Scope 1  2 and 3 emissions.logics for Scope 1  2 and 3 emissions. Dashboard and data visualization capabilities for comprehensive insights.In line with its ongoing commitment to innovation and leadership in ESG and sustainability  CCH Tagetik hosted a Sustainable Business Think Tank at its CCH Tagetik inTouch industry event in Lucca  Italy  last week. The Sustainable Business Think Tank brought together leading ESG experts  academics and organizations to discuss emerging trends in sustainability reporting and strategic opportunities for driving sustainable progress.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.comAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.1 Standards & Guidance | GHG ProtocolView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605395513/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['carbon emission reporting requirements', 'CCH Tagetik ESG', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Sustainability solution', 'The Sustainable Business Think Tank', 'CCH Tagetik inTouch industry event', 'configured, carbon data management capabilities', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'new carbon emissions reporting solution', 'growing ESG reporting needs', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'greenhouse gas accounting standards', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'advanced data management', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'close adjacent ones', 'data visualization capabilities', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'disparate, non-financial data', 'external data sources', 'sustainability customer offering', 'indirect carbon emissions', 'core financial processes', 'carbon emissions data', 'relevant ESG regulations', 'leading ESG experts', 'end regulatory coverage', 'CCH Tagetik ESG', 'GHG) calculation logics', 'core capabilities', 'sustainable progress', 'regulatory reporting', 'new solution', 'financial consolidation', 'data model', 'global leader', 'Corporate Performance', 'GHG protocol', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'finance leaders', 'General Manager', 'transformative technologies', 'future requirements', 'same rigor', 'Key features', 'output reports', 'multiple internal', 'Emission factors', 'extensible library', 'comprehensive insights', 'emerging trends', 'strategic opportunities', 'corporate compliance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'ongoing commitment', 'software solutions', 'Scope 3 emissions', '1 Standards', 'ESG.', 'Scope 1, 2', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'companies', 'CSRD', 'product', 'world', 'guidance', 'efforts', 'CFOs', 'tax', 'IFRS', 'SASB', 'GRI', 'ingest', 'loaded', 'configuration', 'accuracy', 'Dashboard', 'line', 'innovation', 'leadership', 'Lucca', 'Italy', 'academics', 'organizations', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'legal', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42279,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/05/cibc-asset-management-inc-has-6-76-million-stake-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,CIBC Asset Management Inc Has $6.76 Million Stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),CIBC Asset Management Inc lowered its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.3% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 22 146 shares of the real esta…,CIBC Asset Management Inc lowered its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.3% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 22 146 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 983 shares during the quarter. CIBC Asset Management Inc’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $6 755 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the business. JPMorgan Chase & Co. grew its position in Public Storage by 29.9% in the 3rd quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3 168 763 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $835 032 000 after purchasing an additional 729 262 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at $821 151 000. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. grew its position in Public Storage by 8.8% in the 4th quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. now owns 2 687 170 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $794 161 000 after purchasing an additional 216 331 shares during the period. Northern Trust Corp grew its position in Public Storage by 2.8% in the 3rd quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 2 311 981 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $609 253 000 after purchasing an additional 63 289 shares during the period. Finally  APG Asset Management US Inc. grew its position in Public Storage by 4.7% in the 4th quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. now owns 2 074 617 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $632 758 000 after purchasing an additional 93 122 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Trading Up 1.7 %Shares of Public Storage stock opened at $278.97 on Wednesday. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $233.18 and a 52-week high of $312.25. The stock’s 50-day simple moving average is $273.88 and its 200 day simple moving average is $280.40. The stock has a market capitalization of $49.02 billion  a P/E ratio of 25.34  a P/E/G ratio of 3.83 and a beta of 0.63. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a current ratio of 0.54.Public Storage Announces DividendWall Street Analyst Weigh InThe company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Investors of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be paid a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.30%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is currently 108.99%.PSA has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $280.00 to $310.00 in a report on Friday  April 5th. Scotiabank lifted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a report on Monday  March 18th. BMO Capital Markets lifted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday  March 19th. Raymond James raised shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday  March 28th. Finally  Barclays lowered their target price on Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday  May 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have assigned a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat  Public Storage presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $304.75.View Our Latest Research Report on Public StorageInsider Activity at Public StorageIn related news  Director Kristy Pipes purchased 2 149 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday  May 14th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $278.96 per share  for a total transaction of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the transaction  the director now directly owns 2 149 shares in the company  valued at approximately $599 485.04. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC  which is accessible through this link. 11.10% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['CIBC Asset Management Inc', '$6.76 Million Stake', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'APG Asset Management US Inc.', 'Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.', 'CIBC Asset Management Inc', 'real estate investment trust', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'Several other hedge funds', 'One investment analyst', 'Northern Trust Corp', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'Shurgard Self Storag', '35% common equity interest', 'equal weight” rating', 'sector perform” rating', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'average price target', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Latest Research Report', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Public Storage stock', 'average cost', 'analyst reports', 'equity ratio', 'target price', 'market capitalization', 'research note', 'overweight” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'price objective', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Norges Bank', 'new stake', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'Raymond James', 'Insider Activity', 'related news', 'legal filing', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', '4th quarter', 'recent quarter', '3rd quarter', 'Free Report', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Institutional investors', 'quarterly dividend', 'United States', 'June 27th', 'total transaction', 'additional 729,262 shares', 'additional 216,331 shares', 'additional 63,289 shares', 'additional 93,122 shares', 'company insiders', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', '40 states', '22,146 shares', '983 shares', '3,168,763 shares', '2,687,170 shares', '2,311,981 shares', '2,074,617 shares', '2,149 shares', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'firm', 'business', 'Co.', 'position', 'period', 'Wednesday', 'beta', 'Thursday', 'record', 'yield', 'topic', 'number', 'Friday', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'March', 'Tuesday', 'Barclays', 'May', 'MarketBeat', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'link', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '4.']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,etfdailynews.com
42280,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/05/2893558/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Jun 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0546 £ 25.1521 Estimated MTD return 0.18 % 0.19 % Estimated YTD return 1.84 % 2.37 % Estimated ITD return 180.55 % 151.52 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.61 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.52 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 252.1555 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.8612The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '2']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,globenewswire.com
42281,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/Air-Liquide-Signed-Major-Contract-to-Support-the-Semiconductor-Industry-in-the-U-S-With-an-Investme-46906368/,Air Liquide Signed Major Contract to Support the Semiconductor Industry in the U.S. With an Investment of More Than 250 Million Dollars,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Air Liquide will build a new industrial gas production facility in the United States to supply the new fab of one of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. In the framework of a long-term contract  the plant …,Regulatory News:Air Liquide (Paris:AI) will build a new industrial gas production facility in the United States to supply the new fab of one of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. In the framework of a long-term contract  the plant will provide large volumes of high purity industrial gases for the production of memory chips. Air Liquide will invest over 250 million dollars in this state-of-the art production unit.Air Liquide will build  own and operate a new industrial gas production facility in Idaho which will produce large volumes of ultra-pure nitrogen and other gases for Micron Technology  Inc. (Nasdaq: MU)  as well as for other customers of the area. This investment will bring hundreds of direct and indirect jobs to Idaho during construction and operation  and the facility is expected to be operational by the end of 2025.This innovative plant is part of a complete Carrier Gas solution designed by Air Liquide for large customers  with an optimized land footprint and total cost of ownership. The use of digital technologies  standardization and modularization will bring exceptional value to local customers in terms of reliability  short delivery time and efficient project execution.This project is a concrete example of how Air Liquide is contributing to technological progress while optimizing the semiconductor sector’s environmental footprint. The advanced design of this next generation high efficiency Carrier Gas Facility  produces the full range of critical gases required on site with reduced energy and logistics requirements. The new production unit is 5% more power efficient than the previous generation plants. Producing most of the gases onsite will also avoid transporting them by trucks. In addition  the electricity for the facility is targeted to be 100% from renewable sources within the next five years.Matthieu Giard  Chief Executive Officer of Americas for the Air Liquide Group  said: “We are pleased to further strengthen our 30 year-long partnership with Micron Technology. Our partner’s trust in Air Liquide reinforces our position in the Electronics industry as a technology leader with strong innovation capabilities. This investment will support the production of leading-edge memory chips  notably to meet the growing demand for computing capacities required by Artificial Intelligence. This contract illustrates our strategy to further accompany our customers in their development  including in the U.S. The Electronics activity is a strong driver of our 2025 strategic plan ADVANCE  which closely links financial and extra-financial performances.”Scott Gatzemeier  Corporate Vice President of front-end U.S. expansion at Micron Technology  said: “Micron’s investments will propel U.S. supply chain resilience given memory is produced at a much larger size and scale than other segments of the semiconductor industry. As the company builds its fab in Idaho  Micron will be driving even more demand for equipment  raw materials and jobs – growing domestic front-end material sourcing 7x over the next 10 years. This is an example of how Micron will continue to attract and build a semiconductor ecosystem across the U.S. through its planned Idaho and New York investments and the support of suppliers in nearly all 50 states.”Air Liquide ElectronicsGenerating €2 483 million in revenue in 2023 the Electronics business line of Air Liquide is a world reference in designing  manufacturing and supplying ultra high purity gases and advanced materials for this industry. The Electronics business line of Air Liquide is a long-term partner providing innovative and sustainable solutions to the semiconductors  photovoltaics and flat-panel displays markets. More than 4 500 employees worldwide are dedicated to providing the working agility and reliability our customers need. www.electronics-airliquide.comAir Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group benefits from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.www.airliquide.comFollow us Twitter @airliquidegroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240604858756/en/,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,positive,0.56,0.42,0.02,True,English,"['Air Liquide', 'Major Contract', 'Semiconductor Industry', 'U.S.', 'More Than', '250 Million Dollars', 'Investment', 'next generation high efficiency Carrier Gas Facility', 'new industrial gas production facility', 'U.S. supply chain resilience', 'complete Carrier Gas solution', 'high purity industrial gases', 'ultra high purity gases', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'front-end U.S. expansion', 'The Electronics business line', 'previous generation plants', 'next five years', 'domestic front-end material', 'new production unit', 'art production unit', 'short delivery time', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Corporate Vice President', 'essential small molecules', 'The Electronics activity', 'optimized land footprint', 'strong innovation capabilities', 'flat-panel displays markets', 'New York investments', 'leading semiconductor manufacturers', 'efficient project execution', 'leading-edge memory chips', 'Air Liquide Electronics', 'next 10 years', 'high technologies', 'Air Liquide Group', 'new markets', 'business model', 'new fab', 'The Group', 'environmental footprint', 'strong driver', 'other gases', 'critical gases', 'semiconductor sector', 'semiconductor ecosystem', 'Electronics industry', 'Regulatory News', 'large volumes', '250 million dollars', 'total cost', 'exceptional value', 'advanced design', 'full range', 'logistics requirements', 'renewable sources', 'Matthieu Giard', '30 year-long partnership', 'technology leader', 'computing capacities', 'Artificial Intelligence', '2025 strategic plan', 'extra-financial performances', 'Scott Gatzemeier', 'larger size', 'other segments', 'raw materials', 'advanced materials', 'working agility', 'scientific territory', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'major assets', 'technological expertise', '27.5 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX', 'semiconductor industry', 'other customers', 'large customers', 'local customers', 'reduced energy', 'world reference', 'world leader', '4 million customers', 'energy transition', 'United States', 'long-term contract', 'ultra-pure nitrogen', 'Micron Technology', 'indirect jobs', 'concrete example', 'technological progress', 'growing demand', 'long-term partner', 'sustainable solutions', 'digital technologies', 'innovative plant', '50 states', 'framework', 'Idaho', 'Nasdaq', 'MU', 'area', 'hundreds', 'construction', 'operation', 'ownership', 'use', 'standardization', 'modularization', 'terms', 'reliability', 'site', 'trucks', 'addition', 'electricity', 'Americas', 'trust', 'position', 'strategy', 'development', 'scale', 'company', 'equipment', 'support', 'suppliers', 'revenue', 'designing', 'manufacturing', 'semiconductors', 'photovoltaics', 'More', '4,500 employees', 'airliquide', 'services', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strength', 'climate', 'CAC 40', 'ESG', 'FTSE4Goo']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42282,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-launches-Virtual-Infrastructure-Proficiency-VIP-Advisory-services-46907165/,Atos launches Virtual Infrastructure Proficiency (VIP) Advisory services,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Atos launches Virtual Infrastructure Proficiency Advisory services New market-first service offering helps enterprises define the future of virtual infrastructure Paris  France – June 5  2024 – Atos today announces the launc…,Press ReleaseAtos launches Virtual Infrastructure Proficiency (VIP) Advisory servicesNew market-first service offering helps enterprises define the future of virtual infrastructureParis  France – June 5  2024 – Atos today announces the launch of Atos Virtual Infrastructure Proficiency (VIP) Advisory services. This new technology consulting offering will help companies assess their current virtual infrastructure and define a roadmap to deliver their vision for the future.Whether clients want to keep their current solution  stay on-premises or migrate to a different cloud provider  these market-first virtual infrastructure consulting services will provide guidance on how to optimize the cost of virtual infrastructure and make it more secure  while embracing new technology trends and advancing corporate sustainability goals. The offering is available in Central Europe  Benelux  France  the United Kingdom and the United States.As the infrastructure virtualization industry evolves quickly  Atos VIP Advisory addresses clients’ concerns about identifying the potential paths for their large-scale migration and IT modernization initiatives and helps select the vendors to support the best approach. Because there is no single answer to machine  server  storage and networking virtualization  this offering helps enterprises evaluate many potential alternatives that require multiple technologies.Atos can help clients narrow their options to find the most suitable scope  whether they need to cover existing production workloads or new projects and future architecture. Atos’s approach also allows clients to embrace new technology trends like containerization  which overcomes the limitations of traditional virtualization for enhanced agility  resource utilization  application portability and scalability.The offering includes a thorough analysis of clients’ IT infrastructure  business needs and objectives  evaluating their current infrastructure features like availability  carbon emission and resiliency with a focus on current cost and expected cost evolution. This diagnostic evaluation is complemented by tailor-made IT infrastructure value propositions  implementation and cost plans.Leveraging their business insight and IT expertise  Atos consultants help enterprises better understand the technology environment as well as identify high-risk areas and process optimization opportunities. As a result  the effort required to manage complex virtual IT infrastructures is reduced  while resources can be reallocated to value-added business activities with a direct impact on cost optimization.Stéphane Richard  Global Head of Technology Services  Atos said “With Atos VIP Advisory  our goal is to continue to enhance our services to ensure that clients operate their businesses at peak efficiency  with a clear roadmap based on well-informed assessment and guidance.”Aleksandra Tyszkiewicz  Head of Technology Consulting  Atos said “Thanks to the 12-week assessment journey delivered by technology experts  Atos empowers clients to make operational and strategic decisions that will reduce the gap between their current virtual infrastructure and their target model.”The assessment of virtual infrastructures is conducted by more than 100 consultants from Technology Consulting  a practice within Atos Technology Foundations. Their hands-on approach is backed by proven methodologies  a unique framework  global capabilities and local presence.The Atos Technology Consulting practice leverages the abilities of a vast partner ecosystem  integrating industry-leading product-based solutions and services in a customized  best-fit approach.***About Tech FoundationsTech Foundations is the Atos Group business line leading in managed services  focusing on hybrid cloud infrastructure  employee experience and technology services  through decarbonized  automated and AI-enabled solutions. Its 47 000 employees advance what matters to the world’s businesses  institutions and communities. It is present in 69 countries  with an annual revenue of € 6 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 94 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactIsabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Virtual Infrastructure Proficiency', 'VIP) Advisory services', 'Atos', 'made IT infrastructure value propositions', 'market-first virtual infrastructure consulting services', 'The Atos Technology Consulting practice', 'Tech Foundations Tech Foundations', 'New market-first service offering', 'complex virtual IT infrastructures', 'new technology consulting offering', 'Atos Virtual Infrastructure Proficiency', 'Atos Group business line', 'IT modernization initiatives', 'corporate sustainability goals', 'existing production workloads', 'Stéphane Richard', 'vast partner ecosystem', 'current virtual infrastructure', 'new technology trends', 'current infrastructure features', 'value-added business activities', 'infrastructure virtualization industry', 'hybrid cloud infrastructure', 'many potential alternatives', 'process optimization opportunities', 'different cloud provider', 'industry-leading product-based solutions', 'Atos Technology Foundations', 'VIP) Advisory services', 'clients’ IT infrastructure', 'Atos VIP Advisory', '12-week assessment journey', 'secure information space', 'virtual infrastructures', 'new projects', 'Technology Services', 'IT expertise', 'business needs', 'business insight', 'technology environment', 'technology experts', 'current solution', 'potential paths', 'current cost', 'networking virtualization', 'traditional virtualization', 'AI-enabled solutions', 'end solutions', 'cost optimization', 'managed services', 'decarbonization services', 'Press Release', 'Central Europe', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'large-scale migration', 'single answer', 'multiple technologies', 'suitable scope', 'enhanced agility', 'resource utilization', 'application portability', 'thorough analysis', 'carbon emission', 'diagnostic evaluation', 'high-risk areas', 'direct impact', 'peak efficiency', 'Aleksandra Tyszkiewicz', 'strategic decisions', 'target model', 'unique framework', 'global capabilities', 'local presence', 'employee experience', 'decarbonized, automated', 'annual revenue', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'cost evolution', 'cost plans', 'best approach', 'best-fit approach', 'multicultural approach', 'Global Head', 'clear roadmap', 'Euronext Paris', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'clients’ concerns', 'Atos consultants', 'c. 94,000 employees', 'future architecture', '100 consultants', '47,000 employees', 'enterprises', 'France', 'June', 'launch', 'companies', 'vision', 'guidance', 'Benelux', 'vendors', 'machine', 'server', 'storage', 'options', 'containerization', 'limitations', 'scalability', 'objectives', 'availability', 'resiliency', 'focus', 'expected', 'tailor', 'implementation', 'result', 'effort', 'resources', 'businesses', 'operational', 'gap', 'hands', 'proven', 'methodologies', 'world', 'institutions', 'communities', '69 countries', 'cybersecurity', 'industries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'safe', 'grange', 'Attachmen']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42283,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/air-liquide-signed-major-contract-to-support-the-semiconductor-industry-in-the-us-with-an-investment-of-more-than-250-million-dollars-93CH-3470967,Air Liquide Signed Major Contract to Support the Semiconductor Industry in the U.S. With an Investment of More Than 250 Million Dollars By Investing.com,Air Liquide Signed Major Contract to Support the Semiconductor Industry in the U.S. With an Investment of More Than 250 Million Dollars,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Air Liquide (OTC: ) (Paris:AI) will build a new industrial gas production facility in the United States to supply the new fab of one of the world's leading semiconductor manufacturers. In the framework of a long-term contract  the plant will provide large volumes of high purity industrial gases for the production of memory chips. Air Liquide will invest over 250 million dollars in this state-of-the art production unit.Air Liquide will build  own and operate a new industrial gas production facility in Idaho which will produce large volumes of ultra-pure nitrogen and other gases for Micron Technology  Inc. (Nasdaq: NASDAQ: )  as well as for other customers of the area. This investment will bring hundreds of direct and indirect jobs to Idaho during construction and operation  and the facility is expected to be operational by the end of 2025.This innovative plant is part of a complete Carrier Gas solution designed by Air Liquide for large customers  with an optimized land footprint and total cost of ownership. The use of digital technologies  standardization and modularization will bring exceptional value to local customers in terms of reliability  short delivery time and efficient project execution.This project is a concrete example of how Air Liquide is contributing to technological progress while optimizing the semiconductor sector's environmental footprint. The advanced design of this next generation high efficiency Carrier Gas Facility  produces the full range of critical gases required on site with reduced energy and logistics requirements. The new production unit is 5% more power efficient than the previous generation plants. Producing most of the gases onsite will also avoid transporting them by trucks. In addition  the electricity for the facility is targeted to be 100% from renewable sources within the next five years.Matthieu Giard  Chief Executive Officer of Americas for the Air Liquide Group  said: We are pleased to further strengthen our 30 year-long partnership with Micron Technology. Our partner's trust in Air Liquide reinforces our position in the Electronics industry as a technology leader with strong innovation capabilities. This investment will support the production of leading-edge memory chips  notably to meet the growing demand for computing capacities required by Artificial Intelligence. This contract illustrates our strategy to further accompany our customers in their development  including in the U.S. The Electronics activity is a strong driver of our 2025 strategic plan ADVANCE  which closely links financial and extra-financial performances.Scott Gatzemeier  Corporate Vice President of front-end U.S. expansion at Micron Technology  said: Micron's investments will propel U.S. supply chain resilience given memory is produced at a much larger size and scale than other segments of the semiconductor industry. As the company builds its fab in Idaho  Micron will be driving even more demand for equipment  raw materials and jobs “ growing domestic front-end material sourcing 7x over the next 10 years. This is an example of how Micron will continue to attract and build a semiconductor ecosystem across the U.S. through its planned Idaho and New York investments and the support of suppliers in nearly all 50 states.Air Liquide ElectronicsGenerating €2 483 million in revenue in 2023 the Electronics business line of Air Liquide is a world reference in designing  manufacturing and supplying ultra high purity gases and advanced materials for this industry. The Electronics business line of Air Liquide is a long-term partner providing innovative and sustainable solutions to the semiconductors  photovoltaics and flat-panel displays markets. More than 4 500 employees worldwide are dedicated to providing the working agility and reliability our customers need. www.electronics-airliquide.comAir Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide's scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group's activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide's strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group benefits from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition”particularly with hydrogen”and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide's revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the   CAC 40 ESG    FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.www.airliquide.comFollow us Twitter @airliquidegroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240604858756/en/Corporate Communicationsmedia@airliquide.comInvestor RelationsIRTeam@airliquide.comSource: Air Liquide,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.56,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['Air Liquide', 'Major Contract', 'Semiconductor Industry', 'U.S.', '250 Million Dollars', 'Investment', 'More', 'Investing', 'next generation high efficiency Carrier Gas Facility', 'new industrial gas production facility', 'U.S. supply chain resilience', 'complete Carrier Gas solution', 'high purity industrial gases', 'ultra high purity gases', 'front-end U.S. expansion', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'The Electronics business line', 'previous generation plants', 'next five years', 'domestic front-end material', 'new production unit', 'art production unit', 'short delivery time', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Corporate Vice President', 'essential small molecules', 'The Electronics activity', 'optimized land footprint', 'strong innovation capabilities', 'flat-panel displays markets', 'New York investments', 'leading semiconductor manufacturers', 'efficient project execution', 'leading-edge memory chips', 'Air Liquide Electronics', 'next 10 years', 'high technologies', 'Air Liquide Group', 'new markets', 'new fab', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business model', 'The Group', 'environmental footprint', 'strong driver', 'other gases', 'critical gases', 'semiconductor sector', 'semiconductor ecosystem', 'Electronics industry', 'Regulatory News', 'large volumes', '250 million dollars', 'total cost', 'exceptional value', 'technological progress', 'advanced design', 'full range', 'logistics requirements', 'renewable sources', 'Matthieu Giard', '30 year-long partnership', 'technology leader', 'computing capacities', 'Artificial Intelligence', '2025 strategic plan', 'extra-financial performances', 'Scott Gatzemeier', 'larger size', 'other segments', 'raw materials', 'advanced materials', 'working agility', 'scientific territory', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'major assets', 'technological expertise', '27.5 billion euros', 'semiconductor industry', 'other customers', 'large customers', 'local customers', 'reduced energy', 'world reference', 'world leader', '4 million customers', 'energy transition', 'United States', 'long-term contract', 'ultra-pure nitrogen', 'Micron Technology', 'indirect jobs', 'concrete example', 'growing demand', 'long-term partner', 'sustainable solutions', 'digital technologies', 'innovative plant', '50 states', 'OTC', 'framework', 'Idaho', 'Nasdaq', 'area', 'hundreds', 'construction', 'operation', 'ownership', 'use', 'standardization', 'modularization', 'terms', 'reliability', 'site', 'trucks', 'addition', 'electricity', 'Americas', 'trust', 'position', 'strategy', 'development', 'scale', 'company', 'equipment', 'support', 'suppliers', 'revenue', 'designing', 'manufacturing', 'semiconductors', 'photovoltaics', 'More', '4,500 employees', 'airliquide', 'services', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strength', 'climate', 'compartment', 'CAC']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,investing.com
42284,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-54466/news/Valneva-Announces-Availability-of-Documentation-for-its-Shareholder-Meeting-and-Provides-Corporate-46905132/,Valneva : Announces Availability of Documentation for its Shareholder Meeting and Provides Corporate Update,(marketscreener.com)   June 5  2024    Saint-Herblain   June 5  2024 - Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company   today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting to be held on June 26  2024 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the Sof…,"June 5  2024Saint-Herblain (France)  June 5  2024 - Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company (""the Company"")  today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting (""the Meeting"") to be held on June 26  2024 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the Sofitel Lyon Bellecour Hotel  20 quai du Docteur Gailleton  69002 Lyon (France).The Preliminary Notice of Meeting - including the agenda  the draft resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors  and instructions for participation and voting - was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 22  2024.The information and preparatory documents related to this Meeting are available on Valneva's website at https://valneva.com/2024-combined-general-meeting/.Any shareholder wishing to receive  by mail or e-mail  Meeting documents referred to in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  may make a request until the fifth day inclusive before the Meeting date  by contacting the Company at assemblee.generale@valneva.com. Holders of bearer shares may exercise this right on the condition that they provide a shareholding certificate certifying the registration of the shares in a bearer securities account managed by an authorized financial intermediary.Shareholders may also access the Meeting documentation at the Company's registered office.The Company also announced that after ten years at Valneva  Mr. Frédéric Jacotot  General Counsel & Corporate Secretary  will leave the Company at the end of July  as agreed with Valneva's Board of Directors.The Company has appointed Kendra Wergin  currently VP Legal and Associate General Counsel at Valneva  as its next General Counsel & Corporate Secretary and member of the Company's Executive Committee  effective August 1  2024. Ms. Wergin is a U.S.-qualified lawyer with expertise in corporate and international law. Prior to joining Valneva in 2020  Ms. Wergin practiced in the corporate group of a major international law firm and the in-house legal team of a Fortune 500 company. During the past four years  she played a key role in executing on the Company's strategy  including its Nasdaq listing and subsequent global offerings. She earned law degrees in the U.S. and France following prior professional experience in the public interest sector.Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Executive Officer of Valneva  said  ""I would like to personally thank Frédéric for his great contributions to the Company over the past 10 years and welcome Kendra into this role. We are delighted to be able to elevate one of our own to this well-deserved position.""About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.com Joshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.13,0.5,True,English,"['Shareholder Meeting', 'Corporate Update', 'Valneva', 'Availability', 'Documentation', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Mr. Frédéric Jacotot', 'other global public health threats', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'Sofitel Lyon Bellecour Hotel', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'U.S.-qualified lawyer', 'major international law firm', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'public interest sector', 'subsequent global offerings', 'VP Global Communications', 'European Investor Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'authorized financial intermediary', 'prior professional experience', 'unmet medical needs', 'strong track record', 'class vaccine solutions', 'early R&D', 'French Commercial Code', 'bearer securities account', 'house legal team', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'advanced clinical development', 'Associate General Counsel', 'next General Counsel', 'past four years', 'growing commercial business', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Combined General Meeting', 'VP Legal', 'Ph.D.', 'other factors', 'other things', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'past 10 years', 'multiple vaccines', 'law degrees', 'commercial infrastructure', 'Article R.', 'Executive Committee', 'ten years', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'actual results', 'Valneva Investor', 'Euronext Paris', '20 quai du', 'Docteur Gailleton', 'Preliminary Notice', 'draft resolutions', 'preparatory documents', 'fifth day', 'bearer shares', 'shareholding certificate', 'registered office', 'Ms. Wergin', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'great contributions', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'Media Contacts', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'unknown risks', 'Corporate Secretary', 'corporate group', 'Meeting documents', 'future results', 'Kendra Wergin', 'key role', 'Nasdaq listing', 'deep expertise', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'Fortune 500 company', 'Meeting date', 'Meeting documentation', 'Valneva SE', 'Joshua Drumm', '69002 Lyon', 'June', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'VLA', 'availability', 'CEST', 'agenda', 'Board', 'Directors', 'instructions', 'participation', 'voting', 'BALO', 'May', 'information', 'website', 'general-meeting', 'shareholder', 'mail', 'request', 'assemblee', 'Holders', 'right', 'condition', 'registration', 'July', 'member', 'strategy', 'deserved', 'position', 'specialized', 'first', 'approvals', 'Revenues', 'Pfizer', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture', 'competition', '2:00']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42285,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-54466/news/Valneva-Announces-Availability-of-Documentation-for-its-Combined-Shareholder-Meeting-and-Provides-Co-46905118/,Valneva Announces Availability of Documentation for its Combined Shareholder Meeting and Provides Corporate Update,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   June 5  2024 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company   today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting to be held on June 26  2024 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the Sofitel Lyon Bellecour Hote…,Saint-Herblain (France)  June 5  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company (“the Company”)  today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting (“the Meeting”) to be held on June 26  2024 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the Sofitel Lyon Bellecour Hotel  20 quai du Docteur Gailleton  69002 Lyon (France).The Preliminary Notice of Meeting – including the agenda  the draft resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors  and instructions for participation and voting to the Meeting – was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 22  2024.The information and preparatory documents related to this Meeting are available on Valneva’s website at https://valneva.com/2024-combined-general-meeting/.Any shareholder wishing to receive  by mail or e-mail  Meeting documents referred to in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  may make a request until the fifth day inclusive before the Meeting date  by contacting the Company at assemblee.generale@valneva.com. Holders of bearer shares may exercise this right on the condition that they provide a shareholding certificate certifying the registration of the shares in a bearer securities account managed by an authorized financial intermediary.Shareholders may also access the Meeting documentation at the Company’s registered office.The Company also announced that after ten years at Valneva  Mr. Frédéric Jacotot  General Counsel & Corporate Secretary  will leave the Company at the end of July  as agreed with Valneva’s Board of Directors.The Company has appointed Kendra Wergin  currently VP Legal and Associate General Counsel at Valneva  as its next General Counsel & Corporate Secretary and member of the Company’s Executive Committee  effective August 1  2024. Ms. Wergin is a U.S.-qualified lawyer with expertise in corporate and international law. Prior to joining Valneva in 2020  Ms. Wergin practiced in the corporate group of a major international law firm and the in-house legal team of a Fortune 500 company. During the past four years  she played a key role in executing on the Company’s strategy  including its Nasdaq listing and subsequent global offerings. She earned law degrees in the U.S. and France following prior professional experience in the public interest sector.Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Executive Officer of Valneva  said  “I would like to personally thank Frédéric for his great contributions to the Company over the past 10 years and welcome Kendra into this well-deserved role. We are delighted to be able to elevate one of our own to this position.”About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.18,0.35,True,English,"['Combined Shareholder Meeting', 'Corporate Update', 'Valneva', 'Availability', 'Documentation', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Mr. Frédéric Jacotot', 'other global public health threats', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'Sofitel Lyon Bellecour Hotel', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'U.S.-qualified lawyer', 'major international law firm', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'public interest sector', 'subsequent global offerings', 'VP Global Communications', 'European Investor Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'authorized financial intermediary', 'prior professional experience', 'unmet medical needs', 'strong track record', 'class vaccine solutions', 'early R&D', 'French Commercial Code', 'bearer securities account', 'house legal team', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'advanced clinical development', 'Associate General Counsel', 'next General Counsel', 'past four years', 'growing commercial business', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Combined General Meeting', 'VP Legal', 'Ph.D.', 'other factors', 'other things', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'past 10 years', 'multiple vaccines', 'law degrees', 'commercial infrastructure', 'Article R.', 'Executive Committee', 'ten years', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'actual results', 'Valneva Investor', 'Euronext Paris', 'Docteur Gailleton', 'Preliminary Notice', 'draft resolutions', 'preparatory documents', 'fifth day', 'bearer shares', 'shareholding certificate', 'registered office', 'Ms. Wergin', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'great contributions', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'Media Contacts', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'unknown risks', 'Corporate Secretary', 'corporate group', 'future results', 'Meeting documents', 'Kendra Wergin', 'key role', 'Nasdaq listing', 'deep expertise', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'Fortune 500 company', 'Valneva SE', 'Meeting date', 'Meeting documentation', 'Joshua Drumm', '69002 Lyon', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'June', 'VLA', 'availability', 'CEST', '20 quai', 'agenda', 'Board', 'Directors', 'instructions', 'participation', 'voting', 'BALO', 'May', 'information', 'website', 'general-meeting', 'shareholder', 'mail', 'request', 'assemblee', 'Holders', 'right', 'condition', 'registration', 'July', 'member', 'strategy', 'deserved', 'position', 'specialized', 'first', 'approvals', 'Revenues', 'Pfizer', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture', 'competition', 'currency', '2:00']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42286,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46905231/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Jun 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0546 £ 25.1521 Estimated MTD return 0.18 % 0.19 % Estimated YTD return 1.84 % 2.37 % Estimated ITD return 180.55 % 151.52 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.61 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.52 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 252.1555 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.8612The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '2']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42287,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-presents-long-term-elafibranor-efficacy-and-itch-related-quality-of-life-data-in-patients-with-46905443/,Ipsen presents long-term elafibranor efficacy and itch-related quality of life data in patients with primary biliary cholangitis,(marketscreener.com) New data from the ELATIVE® Phase III trial show 70% of patients treated with elafibranor achieved composite endpoint of slowing disease progression measured by biochemical response after 78-weeksData from the itch domain of the PBC-40 and…,New data from the ELATIVE ® Phase III trial show 70% of patients treated with elafibranor achieved composite endpoint of slowing disease progression measured by biochemical response after 78-weeksData from the itch domain of the PBC-40 and 5-D Itch questionnaires shows the potential of elafibranor to improve itch-related quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe pruritusSignificant unmet need remains for new treatment options in primary biliary cholangitis that control disease progression and debilitating symptoms impacting quality of lifePARIS  FRANCE  DD June 2024 Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced new late-breaking data at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Congress demonstrating the enduring efficacy of elafibranor in managing disease progression after 78 weeks of treatment. In the variable double-blind period of the ELATIVE® Phase III trial in primary biliary cholangitis (PBC)  the potential for elafibranor to improve itch-related quality of life (QoL) as measured by the itch domain of the PBC-40 and the 5-D Itch questionnaire was also demonstrated. Elafibranor is a novel  potential first-in-class  PPAR agonist. It is currently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  the European Medicines Agency and the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Authority.“There are a significant proportion of people living with PBC who experience worsening disease and debilitating symptoms despite being on treatment. These long-term data from the Phase III ELATIVE study further demonstrate the potential for elafibranor to provide an effective treatment option for these patients ” said Sandra Silvestri  M.D. Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer  Ipsen. “A lack of effective management can lead to advanced forms of the disease where liver transplantation may be the only option. Transplants are not trivial  so we must and can do better to preserve native liver function for people living with PBC.”Data presented at EASL for patients who had their week-78 double-blind visit (30 patients receiving elafibranor and 13 patients receiving placebo) demonstrated the efficacy of elafibranor was sustained after 78 weeks of treatment with 70% of patients on elafibranor meeting the composite endpoint of biochemical response versus 0% on placebo. Biochemical response was defined as alkaline phosphatase (ALP) <1.67 x upper limit of normal (ULN)  an ALP decrease ≥ 15 percent and total bilirubin (TB) ≤ ULN. ALP and bilirubin are important predictors of PBC disease progression. Reductions in levels of both can indicate reduced liver injury and improved liver function. ALP normalization for patients on elafibranor was sustained out to week-78 as well as across other important biomarkers of liver injury  including total bilirubin and gamma glutamyl transferase.1New patient-reported outcome data from ELATIVE at week 52 were also presented  demonstrating the potential beneficial effect of elafibranor on itch-related quality of life  including sleep and functioning. Treatment with elafibranor led to greater reductions in 5-D Itch score which comprises five domains (degree  duration  dimension  disability and distribution) versus placebo. A clinically meaningful reduction in the itch domain of PBC-40 for elafibranor versus placebo was also observed  with a greater proportion of patients treated with elafibranor experiencing improvement in itch-related quality of life. These include across measures of severity of itching  sleep disturbance and emotional impact of itching  versus placebo. In the 5-D Itch domain of duration  reduced itching was reported by 58% of patients receiving elafibranor at week 52  compared with 27% on placebo. Additionally  80% of patients receiving elafibranor improved to no sleep disturbance or only occasional delay  compared with 30% on placebo. The improvements in 5-D Itch and PBC-40 Itch emphasize the potential of elafibranor to reduce both the severity of PBC symptoms and their impact on QoL.2“When you have a patient with PBC  it’s vital to manage disease progression  to prevent or delay liver damage or failure. You also want to provide relief from distressing symptoms because they can have a very detrimental impact on quality of life ” said Dr. Christopher Bowlus  Professor of Gastroenterology and Hepatology  University of California Davis  U.S. “These new data from ELATIVE provide further evidence that elafibranor has the potential to address the two priority treatment goals by demonstrating longer-term improvements in the prognostic markers of disease progression  as well as potential improvements in pruritus-symptom severity and impacts on the quality of life.”PBC is a rare  progressive  autoimmune cholestatic liver disease  in which the body attacks and gradually destroys the liver’s small bile ducts.3 If left untreated  bile and toxins can build up  leading to scarring of the liver and eventual liver failure.3-5 Symptoms of PBC can have a substantial impact on a person’s QoL  including fatigue and itching.6 7 However  while some people living with PBC may not display symptoms  they remain at risk of disease progression and liver damage  making active disease management vital.8Ipsen also presented new data from its growing rare cholestatic liver disease portfolio at EASL  including data on its treatment for progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis and Alagille syndrome.ENDSAbout ELATIVEELATIVE is a multi-center  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial  with an open-label long-term extension (NCT04526665). ELATIVE is evaluating the efficacy and safety of elafibranor 80mg once daily versus placebo for the treatment of patients with PBC with an inadequate response or intolerance to ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA)  the existing first-line therapy for PBC. The trial enrolled 161 patients who were randomized 2:1 to receive elafibranor 80mg once daily or placebo. Patients with an inadequate response to UDCA would continue to receive UDCA in combination with elafibranor or placebo  while patients unable to tolerate UDCA would receive only elafibranor or placebo. Patients continued their assigned treatment after Week 52 until all patients had completed their treatment or for a maximum of 104 weeks. Data was also collected during this period  and additional analyses were conducted with a focus on Week 78.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks | + 44 7584 349 193Nicolas Bogler | + 33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy Wolf | + 41 79 576 07 23 | amy.wolf@ipsen.comAnna Gibbins | + 44 7717 801900 | anna.gibbins@ipsen.comDisclaimers and/or Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.ReferencesBowlus et al. J. Hepatol. 2024 ; 80(S1)S80 Kremer et al. J. Hepatol. 2024; 80(S1)S91 EASL. J Hepatol. 2017; 67(1):145-172. Younossi ZM  et al. Am J Gastroenterol. 2019; 114(1):48–63. Galoosian A  et al. J Clin Transl Hepatol. 2020; 8(1)  pp. 49-60. Mells GF  et al. Hepatology. 2013; 58: 273-283. C Levy  et al. Abstract presented at ISPOR  7-11 May 2023  Boston. Prince MI  et al. Gut. 2004; 53(6)  pp.865-870.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,mixed,0.18,0.35,0.47,True,English,"['long-term elafibranor efficacy', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'itch-related quality', 'life data', 'Ipsen', 'patients', 'rare, progressive, autoimmune cholestatic liver disease', 'M.D. Executive Vice President', 'Healthcare Products Regulatory Authority', 'ELATIVE ® Phase III trial', 'ELATIVE® Phase III trial', 'two priority treatment goals', 'Phase III ELATIVE study', 'New patient-reported outcome data', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'variable double-blind period', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'week-78 double-blind visit', 'gamma glutamyl transferase', 'Dr. Christopher Bowlus', 'Significant unmet need', 'other important biomarkers', '5-D Itch questionnaires', '5-D Itch score', 'U.S. Food', 'European Medicines Agency', 'small bile ducts', 'new late-breaking data', 'new treatment options', 'native liver function', 'potential beneficial effect', '5-D Itch domain', 'eventual liver failure', 'effective treatment option', 'PBC disease progression', 'New data', 'European Association', 'UK Medicines', 'significant proportion', 'effective management', 'important predictors', 'worsening disease', 'liver transplantation', 'liver injury', 'liver damage', 'long-term data', 'composite endpoint', 'biochemical response', 'severe pruritus', 'debilitating symptoms', 'PPAR agonist', 'Drug Administration', 'Sandra Silvestri', 'advanced forms', 'alkaline phosphatase', 'upper limit', 'five domains', 'meaningful reduction', 'greater proportion', 'occasional delay', 'distressing symptoms', 'California Davis', 'prognostic markers', 'emotional impact', 'detrimental impact', 'substantial impact', 'PBC-40 Itch', 'total bilirubin', 'sleep disturbance', 'longer-term improvements', 'itch-related quality', 'EASL) Congress', 'enduring efficacy', 'novel, potential', 'ALP decrease', 'ALP normalization', 'greater reductions', 'PBC symptoms', 'pruritus-symptom severity', 'potential improvements', 'PBC.', 'patients', 'elafibranor', '78-weeks', 'life', 'moderate', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'DD', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', '78 weeks', 'QoL', 'class', 'review', 'people', 'lack', 'Transplants', 'placebo', 'ULN', '15 percent', 'TB', 'levels', 'reduced', 'functioning', 'degree', 'duration', 'dimension', 'disability', 'distribution', 'measures', 'itching', 'relief', 'Professor', 'Gastroenterology', 'Hepatology', 'University', 'evidence', 'impacts', 'body', 'toxins', 'person', 'fatigue']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42288,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Environnement-Global-Climate-Survey-Most-Americans-Feel-Exposed-and-Vulnerable-to-a-Deterio-46911398/,Veolia Environnement: Global Climate Survey: Most Americans Feel Exposed and Vulnerable to a Deterioration in Their Quality of Life Due to Worsening Climate Conditions  and Demand Action,(marketscreener.com) Veolia’s Barometer of Ecological Transformation survey shows Americans are feeling increasingly anxious and vulnerable to worsening climate conditions  but still believe it’s not too late to turn the tide.Americans are ready to tak…,Veolia’s Barometer of Ecological Transformation survey shows Americans are feeling increasingly anxious and vulnerable to worsening climate conditions  but still believe it’s not too late to turn the tide. Americans are ready to take unprecedented action to address the challenges of climate change.Regulatory News:Veolia Environnement (Paris:VIE):A large majority of Americans is ready to take measures to address the challenges of climate change that would have been unheard of a generation ago  including drinking recycled wastewater to adapt to ongoing water shortages  according to new survey results released today by global environmental leader Veolia and renowned research firm Elabe.The survey gauged American public opinion about the impacts of climate change and shows that they are no longer an abstraction for a large percentage of Americans  but something that can be seen and felt on a regular basis. Worsening storms  unpredictable weather patterns  drought  flooding and other tangible signs of a changing climate are making Americans feel increasingly anxious and vulnerable  the survey shows.While a previous Veolia survey  conducted in 2022 and released in January 2023  showed a growing consensus toward green solutions for climate-related challenges  the latest one reveals a deepening level of concern and openness to solutions that may have once been regarded as too extreme. Protecting public health has become a powerful lever to encourage a desire for ecology and consent to changes in behavior or the additional costs of environmental solutions. Mitigating PFAS and other micropollutants in drinking water is just one example of the investments that will need to be made in the coming years.The Veolia survey findings are echoed in recent government reporting  including an Economic Well-Being of U.S. Households in the 2023 report conducted by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board  showing that almost 20% of adults in the U.S. were financially impacted by natural disasters last year  marking a nearly 50% rise from 2022.Findings like these are among the key motivations behind GreenUp  Veolia’s global strategy for leading the ecological transformation of the planet through accelerated innovation and growth. The drivers behind the GreenUp strategy uniquely position Veolia to meet the challenges raised in the recent survey.Conducted in late 2023 and early 2024  the latest Veolia survey posed climate-related questions to 2 000 Americans selected from a broad range of demographics  including all geographic regions and age groups (click here to see survey results and methodology).Fred Van Heems  President of Veolia North America  said  “From the latest survey results  we can see that the anxiety and concern that Americans feel about climate change and the dangers it poses to our health and well-being are only growing more pronounced. At the same time  we see that many Americans remain hopeful that it’s not too late to take steps to reverse these impacts and preserve the planet for our children and future generations – but we need to act. Global public opinion that includes America is also convinced that inaction will cost humanity more than the necessary investments to the ecological transition.”U.S. Highlights57% of Americans are certain that the costs of the consequences of climate disruption are going to be greater than the investments needed for ecological transformation61% of Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditions57% of Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to health risks due to worsening climate conditions Of those  54% said they were concerned about the impact climate change was having on their mental healthof Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to health risks due to worsening climate conditions61% (+19% compared to 2022) of Americans expressed willingness to drink recycled wastewater in order to adapt to severe water shortages74% expressed willingness to eat food from agriculture that uses recycled wastewater for fertilizer82% expressed willingness to pay more out of their own pocket to help cover costs for eliminating micropollutants in drinking water supplies53% of Americans remain confident that the future of humanity is still in our hands  and that meaningful steps can still be taken to reverse and mitigate impacts#######ABOUT THE METHODOLOGYThe survey was conducted in 26 countries across 5 continents  reaching more than 29 500 individuals (between 1 000 and 2 000 per country / 2 000 in the US). Countries were chosen for their demographic weight  their contribution to greenhouse gas emissions  and to ensure diversity in ecological political and cultural backgrounds. Overall  these countries represent nearly 60% of the world's population and 67% of global greenhouse gas emissions. The survey was conducted online from October 17 to December 6  2023. For each of the 26 countries  a representative sample of residents aged 18 and over was gathered. Frequency: the barometer is published every 18 months (allowing for long-term evolution of representations  opinions  and behaviors).ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 218 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2023  the Veolia group provided 113 million inhabitants with drinking water and 103 million with sanitation  produced 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 63 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 45 351 million euros in 2023. www.veolia.comABOUT VEOLIA NORTH AMERICAA subsidiary of Veolia group  Veolia North America (VNA) is the top-ranked environmental company in the United States for three consecutive years  and the country’s largest private water operator and technology provider as well as hazardous waste and pollution treatment leader. It offers a full spectrum of water  waste  and energy management services  including water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting and resource recovery. VNA helps commercial  industrial  healthcare  higher education  and municipality customers throughout North America. Headquartered in Boston  Mass.  Veolia North America has more than 10 000 employees working at more than 350 locations across the continent.www.veolianorthamerica.comABOUT ELABEElabe is an independent French research and consulting firm founded in 2015 by Bernard Sananes. It carries out numerous studies for companies  business and media actors  in France and abroad  particularly on social issues and public debate.www.elabe.fr@elabe_frView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605799093/en/,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,mixed,0.13,0.28,0.59,True,English,"['Global Climate Survey', 'Worsening Climate Conditions', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Most Americans', 'Demand Action', 'Deterioration', 'Quality', 'Life', 'U.S. Federal Reserve Board', 'global greenhouse gas emissions', 'U.S. Households', 'U.S. Highlights', 'The Veolia survey findings', 'renowned research firm', 'unpredictable weather patterns', 'Fred Van Heems', 'ongoing water shortages', 'severe water shortages', 'American public opinion', 'Global public opinion', 'global environmental leader', 'other tangible signs', 'recent government reporting', 'drinking water supplies', 'new survey results', 'latest survey results', 'previous Veolia survey', 'Veolia North America', 'latest Veolia survey', 'Ecological Transformation survey', 'global strategy', 'recent survey', 'latest one', 'public health', 'ecological transition', 'ecological political', 'environmental solutions', 'Veolia Environnement', 'climate conditions', 'unprecedented action', 'climate change', 'Regulatory News', 'large majority', 'large percentage', 'regular basis', 'changing climate', 'growing consensus', 'deepening level', 'powerful lever', 'other micropollutants', 'one example', 'coming years', 'natural disasters', 'key motivations', 'climate-related questions', 'broad range', 'geographic regions', 'age groups', 'same time', 'climate disruption', 'demographic weight', 'cultural backgrounds', 'representative sample', 'health risks', 'mental health', 'green solutions', 'Worsening storms', 'Economic Well-Being', 'GreenUp strategy', 'future generations', 'meaningful steps', 'recycled wastewater', 'additional costs', 'necessary investments', 'climate-related challenges', 'many Americans', '2,000 Americans', 'Barometer', 'tide', 'Paris', 'VIE', 'measures', 'Elabe', 'impacts', 'abstraction', 'something', 'drought', 'flooding', 'January', 'concern', 'openness', 'desire', 'ecology', 'consent', 'changes', 'behavior', 'PFAS', '2023 report', 'adults', '50% rise', 'planet', 'accelerated', 'innovation', 'growth', 'drivers', 'late 2023', 'early', 'demographics', 'methodology', 'President', 'anxiety', 'dangers', 'children', 'inaction', 'humanity', 'consequences', 'deterioration', 'quality', 'life', 'willingness', 'order', 'food', 'agriculture', 'fertilizer', 'pocket', 'hands', '26 countries', '5 continents', '29,500 individuals', 'country', 'contribution', 'diversity', 'world', 'population', 'October', 'December', 'residents', 'Frequency', 'publis']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42289,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/global-climate-survey-most-americans-feel-exposed-and-vulnerable-to-a-deterioration-in-their-quality-of-life-due-to-worsening-climate-conditions-and-demand-action-93CH-3471732,Global climate survey: Most Americans feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditions  and demand action By Investing.com,Global climate survey: Most Americans feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditions  and demand action,Veolia's Barometer of Ecological Transformation survey shows Americans are feeling increasingly anxious and vulnerable to worsening climate conditions  but still believe it's not too late to turn the tide.Americans are ready to take unprecedented action to address the challenges of climate change.BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--A large majority of Americans is ready to take measures to address the challenges of climate change that would have been unheard of a generation ago  including drinking recycled wastewater to adapt to ongoing water shortages  according to new survey results released today by global environmental leader Veolia and renowned research firm Elabe.The survey gauged American public opinion about the impacts of climate change and shows that they are no longer an abstraction for a large percentage of Americans  but something that can be seen and felt on a regular basis. Worsening storms  unpredictable weather patterns  drought  flooding and other tangible signs of a changing climate are making Americans feel increasingly anxious and vulnerable  the survey shows.While a previous Veolia survey  conducted in 2022 and released in January 2023  showed a growing consensus toward green solutions for climate-related challenges  the latest one reveals a deepening level of concern and openness to solutions that may have once been regarded as too extreme. Protecting public health has become a powerful lever to encourage a desire for ecology and consent to changes in behavior or the additional costs of environmental solutions. Mitigating PFAS and other micropollutants in drinking water is just one example of the investments that will need to be made in the coming years.The Veolia survey findings are echoed in recent government reporting  including an Economic Well-Being of U.S. Households in the 2023 report conducted by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board  showing that almost 20% of adults in the U.S. were financially impacted by natural disasters last year  marking a nearly 50% rise from 2022.Findings like these are among the key motivations behind GreenUp  Veolia's global strategy for leading the ecological transformation of the planet through accelerated innovation and growth. The drivers behind the GreenUp strategy will uniquely position Veolia to meet the challenges raised in the recent survey.Conducted in late 2023 and early 2024  the latest Veolia survey posed climate-related questions to 2 000 Americans selected from a broad range of demographics  including all geographic regions and age groups (click here to see survey results and methodology).Fred Van Heems  President and CEO of Veolia North America  said  From the latest survey results  we can see that the anxiety and concern that Americans feel about climate change and the dangers it poses to our health and well-being are only growing more pronounced. At the same time  we see that many Americans remain hopeful that it's not too late to take steps to reverse these impacts and preserve the planet for our children and future generations “ but we need to act. Global public opinion that includes America is also convinced that inaction will cost humanity more than the necessary investments to the ecological transition.U.S. Highlights61% of Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditionsof Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditions 57% of Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to health risks due to worsening climate conditions Of those  54% said they were concerned about the impact climate change was having on their mental healthof Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to health risks due to worsening climate conditions 61% of Americans expressed willingness to drink recycled wastewater in order to adapt to severe water shortagesof Americans expressed willingness to drink recycled wastewater in order to adapt to severe water shortages 74% expressed willingness to eat food from agriculture that uses recycled waste for fertilizerexpressed willingness to eat food from agriculture that uses recycled waste for fertilizer 82% expressed willingness to pay more out of their own pocket to help cover costs for eliminating micropollutants in drinking water suppliesexpressed willingness to pay more out of their own pocket to help cover costs for eliminating micropollutants in drinking water supplies 53% of Americans remain confident that the future of humanity is still in our hands  and that meaningful steps can still be taken to reverse and mitigate impactsABOUT THE METHODOLOGYThe survey was conducted in 26 countries across 5 continents  reaching more than 29 500 individuals (between 1 000 and 2 000 per country / 2 000 in the US). Countries were chosen for their demographic weight  their contribution to greenhouse gas emissions  and to ensure diversity in ecological political and cultural backgrounds. Overall  these countries represent nearly 60% of the world's population and 67% of global greenhouse gas emissions. The survey was conducted online from October 17 to December 6  2023. For each of the 26 countries  a representative sample of residents aged 18 and over was gathered. Frequency: the barometer is published every 18 months (allowing for long-term evolution of representations  opinions  and behaviors).ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 218 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2023  the Veolia group provided 113 million inhabitants with drinking water and 103 million with sanitation  produced 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 63 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (OTC: ) (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 45 351 million euros in 2023. www.veolia.comABOUT VEOLIA NORTH AMERICAA subsidiary of Veolia group  Veolia North America (VNA) is the top-ranked environmental company in the United States for three consecutive years  and the country's largest private water operator and technology provider as well as hazardous waste and pollution treatment leader. It offers a full spectrum of water  waste  and energy management services  including water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting and resource recovery. VNA helps commercial  industrial  healthcare  higher education  and municipality customers throughout North America. Headquartered in Boston  Mass.  Veolia North America has more than 10 000 employees working at more than 350 locations across the continent.www.veolianorthamerica.comABOUT ELABEElabe is an independent French research and consulting firm founded in 2015 by Bernard Sananes. It carries out numerous studies for companies  business and media actors  in France and abroad  particularly on social issues and public debate.www.elabe.fr @elabe_frView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605003302/en/VEOLIA NORTH AMERICACarrie Griffiths(781) 491-3117Carrie.Griffiths@Veolia.comSource: Veolia,negative,0.03,0.48,0.48,mixed,0.07,0.25,0.68,True,English,"['Global climate survey', 'climate conditions', 'Most Americans', 'Investing.com', 'deterioration', 'quality', 'life', 'action', 'U.S. Federal Reserve Board', 'U.S. Households', 'U.S. Highlights', 'The Veolia survey findings', 'renowned research firm', 'unpredictable weather patterns', 'Fred Van Heems', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'ongoing water shortages', 'severe water shortages', 'American public opinion', 'other tangible signs', 'recent government reporting', 'drinking water supplies', 'Global public opinion', 'global environmental leader', 'new survey results', 'latest survey results', 'previous Veolia survey', 'latest Veolia survey', 'Veolia North America', 'Ecological Transformation survey', 'worsening climate conditions', 'recent survey', 'latest one', 'global strategy', 'public health', 'ecological transition', 'ecological political', 'environmental solutions', 'climate change', 'changing climate', 'unprecedented action', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'large majority', 'large percentage', 'regular basis', 'growing consensus', 'deepening level', 'powerful lever', 'one example', 'coming years', 'natural disasters', 'key motivations', 'climate-related questions', 'broad range', 'geographic regions', 'age groups', 'same time', 'recycled waste', 'demographic weight', 'cultural backgrounds', 'other micropollutants', 'health risks', 'mental health', 'Worsening storms', 'green solutions', 'Economic Well-Being', 'GreenUp strategy', 'future generations', 'necessary investments', 'meaningful steps', 'additional costs', 'climate-related challenges', 'many Americans', 'wastewater', '2,000 Americans', 'Barometer', 'tide', 'BOSTON', 'measures', 'Elabe', 'impacts', 'abstraction', 'something', 'drought', 'flooding', 'January', 'concern', 'openness', 'desire', 'ecology', 'consent', 'changes', 'behavior', 'PFAS', '2023 report', 'adults', '50% rise', 'planet', 'accelerated', 'innovation', 'growth', 'drivers', 'late 2023', 'early', 'demographics', 'methodology', 'President', 'CEO', 'anxiety', 'dangers', 'children', 'inaction', 'humanity', 'deterioration', 'quality', 'life', 'willingness', 'order', 'food', 'agriculture', 'fertilizer', 'pocket', 'hands', '26 countries', '5 continents', '29,500 individuals', 'country', 'contribution', 'diversity', 'world', 'population']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,investing.com
42290,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Global-climate-survey-Most-Americans-feel-exposed-and-vulnerable-to-a-deterioration-in-their-qualit-46910145/,Global climate survey: Most Americans feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditions  and demand action,(marketscreener.com) Veolia’s Barometer of Ecological Transformation survey shows Americans are feeling increasingly anxious and vulnerable to worsening climate conditions  but still believe it’s not too late to turn the tide.Americans are ready to take…,Veolia’s Barometer of Ecological Transformation survey shows Americans are feeling increasingly anxious and vulnerable to worsening climate conditions  but still believe it’s not too late to turn the tide. Americans are ready to take unprecedented action to address the challenges of climate change.A large majority of Americans is ready to take measures to address the challenges of climate change that would have been unheard of a generation ago  including drinking recycled wastewater to adapt to ongoing water shortages  according to new survey results released today by global environmental leader Veolia and renowned research firm Elabe.The survey gauged American public opinion about the impacts of climate change and shows that they are no longer an abstraction for a large percentage of Americans  but something that can be seen and felt on a regular basis. Worsening storms  unpredictable weather patterns  drought  flooding and other tangible signs of a changing climate are making Americans feel increasingly anxious and vulnerable  the survey shows.While a previous Veolia survey  conducted in 2022 and released in January 2023  showed a growing consensus toward green solutions for climate-related challenges  the latest one reveals a deepening level of concern and openness to solutions that may have once been regarded as too extreme. Protecting public health has become a powerful lever to encourage a desire for ecology and consent to changes in behavior or the additional costs of environmental solutions. Mitigating PFAS and other micropollutants in drinking water is just one example of the investments that will need to be made in the coming years.The Veolia survey findings are echoed in recent government reporting  including an Economic Well-Being of U.S. Households in the 2023 report conducted by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board  showing that almost 20% of adults in the U.S. were financially impacted by natural disasters last year  marking a nearly 50% rise from 2022.Findings like these are among the key motivations behind GreenUp  Veolia’s global strategy for leading the ecological transformation of the planet through accelerated innovation and growth. The drivers behind the GreenUp strategy will uniquely position Veolia to meet the challenges raised in the recent survey.Conducted in late 2023 and early 2024  the latest Veolia survey posed climate-related questions to 2 000 Americans selected from a broad range of demographics  including all geographic regions and age groups (click here to see survey results and methodology).Fred Van Heems  President and CEO of Veolia North America  said  “From the latest survey results  we can see that the anxiety and concern that Americans feel about climate change and the dangers it poses to our health and well-being are only growing more pronounced. At the same time  we see that many Americans remain hopeful that it’s not too late to take steps to reverse these impacts and preserve the planet for our children and future generations – but we need to act. Global public opinion that includes America is also convinced that inaction will cost humanity more than the necessary investments to the ecological transition.”U.S. Highlights61% of Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditionsof Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to a deterioration in their quality of life due to worsening climate conditions 57% of Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to health risks due to worsening climate conditions Of those  54% said they were concerned about the impact climate change was having on their mental healthof Americans said they feel exposed and vulnerable to health risks due to worsening climate conditions 61% of Americans expressed willingness to drink recycled wastewater in order to adapt to severe water shortagesof Americans expressed willingness to drink recycled wastewater in order to adapt to severe water shortages 74% expressed willingness to eat food from agriculture that uses recycled waste for fertilizerexpressed willingness to eat food from agriculture that uses recycled waste for fertilizer 82% expressed willingness to pay more out of their own pocket to help cover costs for eliminating micropollutants in drinking water suppliesexpressed willingness to pay more out of their own pocket to help cover costs for eliminating micropollutants in drinking water supplies 53% of Americans remain confident that the future of humanity is still in our hands  and that meaningful steps can still be taken to reverse and mitigate impactsABOUT THE METHODOLOGYThe survey was conducted in 26 countries across 5 continents  reaching more than 29 500 individuals (between 1 000 and 2 000 per country / 2 000 in the US). Countries were chosen for their demographic weight  their contribution to greenhouse gas emissions  and to ensure diversity in ecological political and cultural backgrounds. Overall  these countries represent nearly 60% of the world's population and 67% of global greenhouse gas emissions. The survey was conducted online from October 17 to December 6  2023. For each of the 26 countries  a representative sample of residents aged 18 and over was gathered. Frequency: the barometer is published every 18 months (allowing for long-term evolution of representations  opinions  and behaviors).ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 218 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2023  the Veolia group provided 113 million inhabitants with drinking water and 103 million with sanitation  produced 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 63 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 45 351 million euros in 2023. www.veolia.comABOUT VEOLIA NORTH AMERICAA subsidiary of Veolia group  Veolia North America (VNA) is the top-ranked environmental company in the United States for three consecutive years  and the country’s largest private water operator and technology provider as well as hazardous waste and pollution treatment leader. It offers a full spectrum of water  waste  and energy management services  including water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting and resource recovery. VNA helps commercial  industrial  healthcare  higher education  and municipality customers throughout North America. Headquartered in Boston  Mass.  Veolia North America has more than 10 000 employees working at more than 350 locations across the continent.www.veolianorthamerica.comABOUT ELABEElabe is an independent French research and consulting firm founded in 2015 by Bernard Sananes. It carries out numerous studies for companies  business and media actors  in France and abroad  particularly on social issues and public debate.www.elabe.fr @elabe_frView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605003302/en/,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,mixed,0.08,0.25,0.67,True,English,"['Global climate survey', 'climate conditions', 'Most Americans', 'deterioration', 'quality', 'life', 'action', 'U.S. Federal Reserve Board', 'U.S. Households', 'U.S. Highlights', 'The Veolia survey findings', 'renowned research firm', 'unpredictable weather patterns', 'Fred Van Heems', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'ongoing water shortages', 'severe water shortages', 'American public opinion', 'other tangible signs', 'recent government reporting', 'drinking water supplies', 'Global public opinion', 'new survey results', 'global environmental leader', 'latest survey results', 'previous Veolia survey', 'latest Veolia survey', 'Veolia North America', 'Ecological Transformation survey', 'worsening climate conditions', 'recent survey', 'latest one', 'global strategy', 'global greenhou', 'public health', 'ecological transition', 'ecological political', 'environmental solutions', 'climate change', 'changing climate', 'unprecedented action', 'large majority', 'large percentage', 'regular basis', 'growing consensus', 'deepening level', 'powerful lever', 'one example', 'coming years', 'natural disasters', 'key motivations', 'climate-related questions', 'broad range', 'geographic regions', 'age groups', 'same time', 'recycled waste', 'demographic weight', 'cultural backgrounds', 'other micropollutants', 'health risks', 'mental health', 'Worsening storms', 'green solutions', 'Economic Well-Being', 'GreenUp strategy', 'future generations', 'necessary investments', 'meaningful steps', 'additional costs', 'climate-related challenges', 'many Americans', 'wastewater', '2,000 Americans', 'Barometer', 'tide', 'measures', 'Elabe', 'impacts', 'abstraction', 'something', 'drought', 'flooding', 'January', 'concern', 'openness', 'desire', 'ecology', 'consent', 'changes', 'behavior', 'PFAS', '2023 report', 'adults', '50% rise', 'planet', 'accelerated', 'innovation', 'growth', 'drivers', 'late 2023', 'early', 'demographics', 'methodology', 'President', 'CEO', 'anxiety', 'dangers', 'children', 'inaction', 'humanity', 'deterioration', 'quality', 'life', 'willingness', 'order', 'food', 'agriculture', 'fertilizer', 'pocket', 'hands', '26 countries', '5 continents', '29,500 individuals', 'country', 'contribution', 'diversity', 'world', 'population']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42291,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SBM-OFFSHORE-N-V-6284/news/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details-46911908/,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,(marketscreener.com) June 5  2024 SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million share repurchase program for the period May 30  2024 through June 5  2024. The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program a…,"June 5  2024SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million (c. US$70 million) share repurchase program for the period May 30  2024 through June 5  2024.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024 and effective from March 1  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through June 5  2024 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 65 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 23 609 901 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 1 671 454 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 14.13 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of June 5  2024 36.32% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount May 30  2024 20 306 EUR 14.09 EUR 286 019 May 31  2024 22 589 EUR 14.08 EUR 318 151 June 3  2024 27 500 EUR 14.09 EUR 387 516 June 4  2024 28 164 EUR 13.94 EUR 392 510 June 5  2024 19 864 EUR 14.16 EUR 281 373 Total 118 423 EUR 14.06 EUR 1 665 5691All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore designs  builds  installs and operates offshore floating facilities for the offshore energy industry. As a leading technology provider  we put our marine expertise at the service of a responsible energy transition by reducing emissions from fossil fuel production  while developing cleaner solutions for alternative energy sources.More than 7 400 SBMers worldwide are committed to sharing their experience to deliver safe  sustainable and affordable energy from the oceans for generations to come.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Half Year 2024 Earnings August 8 2024 Third Quarter 2024 Trading Update November 14 2024 Full Year 2024 Earnings February 20 2025 Annual General Meeting April 9 2025 First Quarter 2025 Trading Update May 15 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsEvelyn Tachau BrownGroup Communications & Change DirectorMobile: +377 (0) 6 40 62 30 34 E-mail: evelyn.tachau-brown@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “Float4Wind®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Evelyn Tachau Brown Group Communications', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', '454 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Full Year 2024 Earnings', 'leading technology provider', 'fossil fuel production', 'separate legal entities', 'Half Year 2024 Earnings', 'responsible energy transition', 'alternative energy sources', 'offshore floating facilities', 'last 5 trading days', 'offshore energy industry', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'share capital', 'Start Date', 'current views', 'affordable energy', 'Media Relations', 'top half', '2023 Annual Report', 'SBM logomark', 'Trading Update', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'marine expertise', 'cleaner solutions', 'safe, sustainable', 'Third Quarter 2024', 'First Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'Change Director', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'actual results', 'future operations', 'useful purpose', 'industry information', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Investors section', 'similar expressions', 'Opportunity Management', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'transaction details', 'detailed information', 'individual transactions', 'new information', 'press release', 'particular company', 'Wouter Holties', 'June', 'period', 'May', 'repurchases', 'February', 'March', 'objective', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Further', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'Overview', 'shares', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'service', 'emissions', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'experience', 'oceans', 'generations', 'sbmoffshore', 'November', 'April', 'mail', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'Nothing', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'companies', 'investments', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'Fast4Ward®', '31']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42292,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WISDOMTREE-FOREIGN-EXCHAN-170688755/news/WisdomTree-Foreign-Exchange-WisdomTree-Long-NOK-Short-EUR-Issuer-Document-46910233/,WisdomTree Foreign Exchange WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR : Issuer Document,(marketscreener.com)   FINAL TERMS   Dated 4 June 2024   WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited      LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28   (Incorporated and registered in Jersey under   the Companies Law 1991 with registered number 103518) ...https:/…,"End-of-day quote Deutsche Boerse AG Other stock markets End-of-day quote 5-day change 1st Jan Change - EUR -.--% -.--% -.--% Summary Quotes Charts News Company Summary All News Analyst Reco. Highlights Insiders Transcripts Press Releases Official Publications Other languages Trading Ideas MarketScreener Editorial Features MarketScreener Strategies WisdomTree Foreign Exchange WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR : Issuer Document June 05  2024 at 09:09 am EDT Share FINAL TERMS Dated 4 June 2024 WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited (formerly ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited) LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28 (Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 103518) (the ''Issuer'') Programme for the Issue of Collateralised Currency Securities Issue of 1000 WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 3x Daily Collateralised Currency Securities (the ''Collateralised Currency Securities'') These Final Terms (as referred to in the Prospectus (the ''Prospectus'') dated 13 November 2023 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the Collateralised Currency Securities referred to above. The Collateralised Currency Securities have the terms provided for in the Trust Instrument dated 5 November 2009 (as amended) between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as Trustee constituting the Collateralised Currency Securities. Terms used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of 1) filing with a competent authority (within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of Prospectus Regulation and 2) the Prospectus Regulation Rules and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement  which are published in accordance with Article 21 of Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. The particulars in relation to this issue of Collateralised Currency Securities are as follows: ISIN: JE00B43NB445 Issue Date: 5 June 2024 Class: WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 3x Daily Creation Price: 8.4832720 GBP Aggregate Number of 1000 Collateralised Currency Securities to which these Final Terms apply: Estimated net proceeds 8483.27 GBP of issue of the Collateralised Currency Securities to which these Final Terms apply: Maximum number/amount of Collateralised Currency The aggregate Principal Amount of all GBP denominated Collateralised Securities that may be Currency Securities (including those issued pursuant to these final issued of the Class being terms) may not exceed GBP1 000 000 000 unless increased by the issued pursuant to these Issuer in accordance with the Trust Instrument. Final Terms: Exchange[s] on which London Stock Exchange Collateralised Currency Securities are admitted to trading: * Please note that admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers or admission to trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. The amount or any Application Fees: £500  expenses or taxes Management Fees: 0.98 %; specifically charged to the Swap Fees 0.85 % subscriber or purchaser: Currency of the securities GBP issue: Issuer Specific Summary Section A - Introduction and warnings 1. Name of WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 3x Daily Security: 2. ISIN: JE00B43NB445 3. Issuer Ordnance House Contact 31 Pier Road Details: St. Helier Jersey JE4 8PW Channel Islands Tel: +44 1534 825200 https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28 4. Competent For UK: FCA  Authority: Financial Conduct Authority 12 Endeavour Square  London E20 1JN Phone: +44 20 7066 1000 For EU: CBI Central Bank of Ireland PO Box 559 New Wapping Street Dublin 1. Phone: +353 1 2246000 5. Warnings: • This summary should be read as an introduction to and in conjunction with the base prospectus of WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited (the ""Issuer"") relating to the programme for the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities dated 13 November 2023 (the ""Prospectus""); • Any decision to invest in the Collateralised Currency Securities should be based on consideration of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor; • Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court  the plaintiff investor might  under the national legislation of the member states  have to bear the costs of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated; • Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the summary including any translation thereof  but only if the summary is misleading  inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus or it does not provide  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in the Collateralised Currency Securities. Section B - Key information on the Issuer Who is the issuer of the securities? 1. Domicile/Legal The Issuer is a public company incorporated and registered in Jersey Form/Country under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 103518. of Incorporation: 2. Principal The principal activity of the Issuer is issuing several classes of Activities Collateralised Currency Securities. The Collateralised Currency Securities are designed to provide exposure to movements in indices calculated and published by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC which track movements in different exchange rates (the ""Currency Indices"" or ""MSFXSM Indices""). The Issuer gains exposure to the movements in Currency Indices by entering into unfunded collateralised derivative contracts (the ""Currency Transactions""). Payments under Currency Transactions vary (before any applicable fees) by reference to changes to the Currency Indices. The Collateralised Currency Securities are also backed by the collateral (the ""Collateral"") in accounts of the Issuer at The Bank of New York Mellon (""BONY""). The operation of those accounts is governed by the terms of (i) a custody agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Custody Agreement""); and (ii) a collateral administration master agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Collateral Administration Agreement"") as supplemented by a ""Supplemental Agreement"" between the Issuer and BONY. Any cash received by the Issuer on the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities or under the terms of the Currency Transactions (which is not required to make payments to Security Holders on redemption) is used to purchase assets as collateral from MSIP (defined below) under the terms of an agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 5 November 2009 and entitled ""Global Master Repurchase Agreement"" or ""Repo"". 3. Major The shares in the Issuer are held entirely by WisdomTree Holdings shareholders Jersey Limited (""HoldCo"")  a holding company incorporated in Jersey. The shares in HoldCo are ultimately owned by WisdomTree  Inc. The Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the programme. 4. Key managing Stuart Bell directors Chris Foulds Steven Ross Peter M. Ziemba 5. Statutory Ernst & Young LLP auditors Liberation House Castle Street St Helier Jersey JE1 1EY Channel Islands What is the key financial information regarding the issuer? Income statement for SPVs in relation to asset backed securities Net Profit or loss 31-Dec-23 31-Dec-21 USD USD 1 289 714 -3 046 091 Balance sheet for SPVs in relation to asset backed securities 31-Dec-23 31-Dec-22 USD USD Total assets 280 739 121 394 338 161 Total liabilities 280 198 126 395 086 880 Financial Assets designated at fair value through 280 739 121 394 338 161 profit or loss Derivative financial assets nil nil Non-financial assets if material to the Nil Nil entity's business Financial Liabilities designated at fair 280 198 126 395 086 880 value through profit or loss Derivative financial liabilities Nil Nil What are the key risks that are specific to the issuer? Investors in Collateralised Currency Securities may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it. An investor's potential loss is limited to the amount of the investor's investment. The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing the Collateralised Currency Securities and has no assets other than those attributable to the Collateralised Currency Securities. No member of the Morgan Stanley Group of any other person has guaranteed the Issuer's obligations. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in relation to Collateralised Currency Securities will be wholly dependent on its receipt of payments under Currency Transactions from Currency Transaction Counterparties and its ability to sell the Collateral under the Repo to MSIP. The amounts that a Security Holder could receive following a claim against the Issuer are  therefore  limited to the proceeds of realisation of the secured property applicable to such Security Holder's class of Collateralised Currency Securities and as the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle formed only for the purpose of issuing the Collateralised Currency Securities  and as the Collateralised Currency Securities are not guaranteed by any other person  the Issuer would have no further assets against which the Security Holder could claim. In the event that the proceeds of realisation of the secured property is insufficient to cover the amount payable to the Security Holder  the Security Holder would suffer a loss. Although Collateralised Currency Securities are secured by the Collateral  the value of such Collateralised Currency Securities and the ability of the Issuer to pay any redemption amounts remains partly dependent on the receipt of amounts due from the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty under the Facility Agreement  the ISDA Master Agreement and the Repo. At the date of this Prospectus  there is one Currency Transaction Counterparty (MSIP) which is the obligor. There can be no assurance that MSIP  any other Currency Transaction Counterparty or any other entity will be able to fulfill their payment obligations under the relevant Currency Transactions  Facility Agreement  ISDA Master Agreement or Repo. Consequently  there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to redeem Collateralised Currency Securities at their redemption price which could lead to an investor receiving less than the redemption price upon redemption of their Collateralised Currency Securities. Section C - Key information on the Securities What are the main features of the securities? 1. Offer Price 8.4832720 GBP 2. The Index MSFXSM Triple Short US Dollar/GBP Index (TR) 3. Leverage Factor an exposure to -3 times the movements in a foreign exchange rate of a currency versus GBP  EUR or USD (such that if the currency weakens versus the GBP  EUR or USD on a particular day then the value of the Collateralised Currency Security will increase on a three times leveraged basis) minus 3 times the interest rate differential between those two currencies. 4. Currency The Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms are denominated in GBP 5. Minimum denomination Each Collateralised Currency Security has a face value known as a ""Principal Amount"" as follows: • For Collateralised Currency Securities denominated in US Dollars the Principal Amount is US$1. • For Collateralised Currency Securities denominated in Euros the Principal Amount is €1. • For Collateralised Currency Securities denominated in Pounds Sterling the Principal Amount is £1. Issue specific summary: Class of Collateralised GBP Developed Market Currency Security Currency Securities - WisdomTree Short USD Long GBP 3x Daily Principal Amount GBP 1 6. Restrictions on transfer Not applicable; the Collateralised Currency Securities are freely transferable. 7. Rights A Collateralised Currency Security entitles a Security Holder to require the Issuer to redeem their security in return for payment of the higher of (i) the minimum denomination for that class of Collateralised Currency Security (known as the ""Principal Amount""); and (ii) the price of that class of that Collateralised Currency Security on the applicable day determined using the formula set out in element C.15 below. Generally only Authorised Participants will deal directly with the Issuer in redeeming Collateralised Currency Securities. In circumstances  where there are no Authorised Participants  or as the Issuer may in its sole discretion determine  Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants may require the Issuer to redeem their securities directly. Limited Recourse The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Collateralised Currency Securities are secured by a charge in favour of the Trustee and an assignment to the Trustee by way of security of the Issuer's rights in so far as they relate to that class. The Trustee and the Security Holders of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities shall have recourse only to the sums derived from the assets relating to that class. If the net proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due  the Trustee or any other person acting on behalf of the Trustee  will not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. Priority of Payments All moneys received by the Trustee upon realisation of the assets relevant to a particular class of Collateralised Currency Securities will be held on trust by the Trustee and applied in the following order: Payments due to the Trustee (and persons appointed by the Trustee) and payments due to any receiver and the costs of realisation of the security;Payments or performance of all amounts due and unpaid and all obligations due in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of that class; andIn payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. Issue Specific Summary The Principal Amount and class of each of the Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms is as follows: Class of Collateralised WisdomTree Short USD Long Currency Security GBP 3x Daily Principal Amount GBP 1 Where will the securities be traded? 8. Application has been made for the Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? Although Collateralised Currency Securities are backed (among other things) by the Collateral  there is no guarantee that if realised it would produce sufficient value to cover the Issuer's obligations to Security Holders. In addition  in the event that the Security Trustee has to enforce the relevant Security Deed  proceeds from the enforcement of the Security Deed will be applied by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Priority Waterfall. Security Holders rank behind the Security Trustee  the Trustee and MSIP (in respect of such MSIP's claims under the Facility Agreement  the ISDA Master Agreement and the Repo) in the Priority Waterfall. Following the priority of payments  the remaining proceeds from enforcement may be insufficient to cover the full redemption amount due from the Issuer to Security Holders. In both cases Security Holders may be affected as a result  by receiving less than they would otherwise expect upon the redemption of their Collateralised Currency Securities. If the price of any class of Collateralised Currency Security (less any applicable additional redemption fee) falls below 5 times the Principal Amount of such class  the Issuer may  at any time for so long as the price (less  any applicable additional redemption fee) remains below 5 times the Principal Amount upon no less than two days' notice by regulatory information service announcement  elect to redeem the Collateralised Currency Securities of that class which may result in an investment in Collateralised Currency Securities being redeemed earlier than desired and at short notice. In these circumstances  the Security Holder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the Collateralised Currency Securities are redeemed at a price lower than it would otherwise have been had the Security Holder's investment been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security Holder rather than on the date of the early redemption. Early redemption could also lead to a Security Holder incurring a tax charge that it would otherwise not be subject to and/or if the redemption takes place at a time when the cash value of the Collateralised Currency Securities redeemed is lower than when they were purchased by the Security Holder  the Security Holder could suffer a loss. The Issuer has no obligation to exercise any of these rights and as a result the Price may fall below the Principal Amount. The Price may fall to zero in some circumstances. Issue specific summary: The following risk factors apply to the class of Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms: Investing in Collateralised Currency Securities which track a leveraged Currency Index is riskier since leveraged Currency Indices adjust by two  three or five times the exposure of corresponding non leveraged Currency Indices. The return of Collateralised Currency Securities which are short or leveraged can be different to the return provided by non-leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities for periods greater than one day. Investors in Collateralised Currency Securities may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it: Exchange rates can be highly volatile and therefore the value of Collateralised Currency Securities may fluctuate widely and Collateralised Currency Securities which provide exposure to Currency Indices tracking the exchange rates of emerging markets may be more exposed to the risk of swift political change and economic downturns than their industrialised counterparties. In both cases this could lead to a loss for investors if the price falls rapidly to a level lower than that at which they purchased securities. In certain circumstances the value of a Collateralised Currency Security may fall to zero and so become subject to a Compulsory Redemption. In these circumstances Security Holders may receive no payment on redemption. Section D - Key information on the offer of securities to the public and/or the admission to trading on a regulated market 1. Under which Terms and conditions of the offer conditions The Collateralised Currency Securities are being made available by the and timetable can I invest in Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants who have submitted this security? a valid application and will only be issued once the subscription price has been paid to MSIP. An Authorised Participant must also pay the Issuer a creation fee of £500. Any applications for Collateralised Currency Securities made by 2.00 p.m. London time on a business day will generally enable the Authorised Participant to be registered as the holder of Collateralised Currency Securities within two business days. Expenses The Issuer charges the following costs to investors: To Authorised Participants only: - The Issuer charges a fee of £500 per creation or redemption carried out directly with the Issuer. To all Security Holders: - a Daily Adjustment amount under the Formula which comprises an amount payable to MSIP and a Management Fee which will vary per class of Collateralised Currency Security; and an estimated cost of 0.105 per cent. of the price at which the Collateralised Currency Securities are redeemed (known as the ""Additional Redemption Fee"") in the event of the redemption of WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD Collateralised Currency Securities  WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD Collateralised Currency Securities  WisdomTree Long INR Short USD Collateralised Currency Securities and WisdomTree Short INR Long USD Collateralised Currency Securities  reflecting the cost to the Issuer of closing the corresponding Currency Transaction with MSIP on the date of the redemption of the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities. No other costs will be charged to investors by the Issuer. If an investor purchases the Collateralised Currency Securities from a financial intermediary  the Issuer estimates that the expenses charged by such financial intermediary in connection with the sale of Collateralised Currency Securities to an investor will be 0.15 per cent. of the value of the Collateralised Currency Securities sold to such investor. Issue Specific Summary Application Fee £500 Redemption Fee £500 Daily Adjustment 1.83 Management Fee 0.98 2. Why is this The principal activity of the Issuer is issuing several classes of prospectus Collateralised Currency Securities. The Collateralised Currency being Securities are designed to provide exposure to movements in indices produced? calculated and published by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC which track movements in different exchange rates (the ""Currency Indices"" or ""MSFXSM Indices""). The Issuer gains exposure to the movements in Currency Indices by entering into unfunded collateralised derivative contracts (the ""Currency Transactions""). Payments under Currency Transactions vary (before any applicable fees) by reference to changes to the Currency Indices. The Collateralised Currency Securities are also backed by the collateral (the ""Collateral"") in accounts of the Issuer at The Bank of New York Mellon (""BONY""). The operation of those accounts is governed by the terms of (i) a custody agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Custody Agreement""); and (ii) a collateral administration master agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Collateral Administration Agreement"") as supplemented by a ""Supplemental Agreement"" between the Issuer and BONY. Any cash received by the Issuer on the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities or under the terms of the Currency Transactions (which is not required to make payments to Security Holders on redemption) is used to purchase assets as collateral from MSIP (defined below) under the terms of an agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 5 November 2009 and entitled ""Global Master Repurchase Agreement"" or ""Repo"". Description of Collateralised Currency Securities can be bought and sold for cash on the flow of the London Stock Exchange  Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  Euronext funds Amsterdam and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (being the stock exchanges on which the securities are admitted to trading) or in private off-exchange transactions. Details of the exchanges on which a particular class of security can be traded are set out in a document entitled ""final terms""  prepared by the Issuer each time that securities are issued. Market makers provide liquidity on those stock exchanges and for those transactions  but only Authorised Participants can apply directly to the Issuer for the Issue of Collateralised Currency Securities. The Issuer has entered into Authorised Participant Agreements and has agreed to issue and redeem Collateralised Currency Securities to those Authorised Participants on an on-going basis. An Authorised Participant may sell the Collateralised Currency Securities on an exchange or in an off-exchange transaction or may hold the Collateralised Currency Securities themselves. Upon issue of Collateralised Currency Securities an Authorised Participant must deliver an amount of cash to the Issuer equal to the Price of the Collateralised Currency Securities to be issued in exchange for which the Issuer will issue the Collateralised Currency Securities and deliver them to the Authorised Participant via CREST. Upon redemption by an Authorised Participant (and in certain limited circumstances  other Security Holders)  the Issuer must deliver an amount of cash to the redeeming Security Holder equal to the price of the Collateralised Currency Securities to be redeemed in return for delivery by the redeeming Security Holder of the Collateralised Currency Securities to be redeemed via CREST. Cash held by the Issuer (other than that required to meet redemptions or that which reflects accrued but unpaid management fees) is delivered to the Currency Transaction Counterparty in return for delivery by the Currency Transaction Counterparty of Collateral of the same value to an account of the Issuer at the Collateral Administrator. If the Issuer is required to pay any amounts (i) to MSIP under the Currency Transactions; or (ii) to an Authorised Participant upon redemption of Collateralised Currency Securities then it will sell an appropriate proportion of the Collateral to MSIP and use the proceeds of such sale to fund the payments. Attention: This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here . Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Wisdomtree Foreign Exchange Ltd. published this content on 05 June 2024 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 05 June 2024 13:07:28 UTC. Share © Publicnow - 2024 © Publicnow - 2024 Latest news about WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited - WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR Chart WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited - WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR Duration Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period Day Week More charts Company Profile Sector - More about the company Indexes Europe America Asia More Indexes My Watchlist My lists Rankings More Top / Flop Rankings More Top / Flop Currency / Forex Forex Commodities Commodities Cryptocurrencies Cryptocurrencies Stock Market Equities LNOE Stock News WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited - WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR WisdomTree Foreign Exchange WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR : Issuer Document Best financialportal +951% of historicalperformance More than 20 yearsat your side + 950 000members Quick & easycancellation Our Expertsare here for you OUR EXPERTS ARE HERE FOR YOU Monday - Friday 9am-12pm / 2pm-6pm GMT + 1 +229% on MICROSOFT CORPORATION since our purchase on January 11  2019 Replicate our performance",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['WisdomTree Foreign Exchange WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR', 'Issuer Document', 'St. Helier Jersey JE4 8PW Channel Islands', 'Summary Quotes Charts News Company Summary', 'MarketScreener Editorial Features MarketScreener Strategies', 'London Stock Exchange Collateralised Currency Securities', 'The Law Debenture Trust Corporation', 'Issuer Specific Summary Section A', '3x Daily Collateralised Currency Securities', 'All News Analyst Reco', '3x Daily Creation Price', 'Insiders Transcripts Press Releases', 'ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited', 'London E20 1JN Phone', 'WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited', 'GBP 3x Daily Security', 'The Collateralised Currency Securities', 'Issuer Ordnance House Contact', 'WisdomTree Foreign Exchange WisdomTree', 'Other languages Trading Ideas', 'EDT Share FINAL TERMS', 'Collateralised Currency Securities Issue', '1000 Collateralised Currency Securities', 'Other stock markets', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', '31 Pier Road Details', 'CBI Central Bank', 'Ireland PO Box', '559 New Wapping Street', 'WisdomTree Short USD', '1st Jan Change', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'UK Official List', 'aggregate Principal Amount', 'Prospectus Regulation Rules', 'JE00B43NB445 Issue Date', 'Collateralised Securities', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', 'Exchange[s', '1000 WisdomTree Short', 'Trust Instrument', 'other parts', '5-day change', 'Official Publications', 'Aggregate Number', 'day quote', 'Issuer Document', 'registered number', 'competent authority', 'Rule PRR', 'Maximum number/amount', 'Main Market', 'Application Fees', 'Management Fees', 'Swap Fees', '12 Endeavour Square', 'national legislation', 'member states', 'legal proceedings', 'Civil liability', 'individual issue', 'base prospectus', 'GBP issue', 'same meaning', 'full information', 'plaintiff investor', '5 June 2024 Class', '4832720 GBP', '4 June', 'EUR', 'NOK', 'LEI', '213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28', 'Companies', 'Programme', 'relation', 'Trustee', 'purpose', 'Article', 'conjunction', 'supplement', 'accordance', 'website', 'order', 'particulars', 'ISIN', 'net', 'admission', 'offers', 'expenses', 'taxes', '0.85 % subscriber', 'purchaser', 'Introduction', 'warnings', 'Name', 'FCA', 'Dublin', 'November', 'decision', 'consideration', 'claim', 'court', 'costs', 'persons', 'translation', '09', '2.']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42293,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WISDOMTREE-FOREIGN-EXCHAN-170688755/news/WisdomTree-Foreign-Exchange-WisdomTree-Long-NOK-Short-EUR-Issuer-Document-46910234/,WisdomTree Foreign Exchange WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR : Issuer Document,(marketscreener.com)   FINAL TERMS   Dated 4 June 2024   WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited      LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28   (Incorporated and registered in Jersey under   the Companies Law 1991 with registered number 103518) ...https:/…,"FINAL TERMS Dated 4 June 2024 WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited (formerly ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited) LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28 (Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 103518) (the ''Issuer'') Programme for the Issue of Collateralised Currency Securities Issue of 500 WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 3x Daily Collateralised Currency Securities (the ''Collateralised Currency Securities'') These Final Terms (as referred to in the Prospectus (the ''Prospectus'') dated 13 November 2023 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the Collateralised Currency Securities referred to above. The Collateralised Currency Securities have the terms provided for in the Trust Instrument dated 5 November 2009 (as amended) between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as Trustee constituting the Collateralised Currency Securities. Terms used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of 1) filing with a competent authority (within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of Prospectus Regulation and 2) the Prospectus Regulation Rules and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement  which are published in accordance with Article 21 of Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. The particulars in relation to this issue of Collateralised Currency Securities are as follows: ISIN: JE00B3XJ8K03 Issue Date: 5 June 2024 Class: WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 3x Daily Creation Price: 51.1093693 USD Aggregate Number of 500 Collateralised Currency Securities to which these Final Terms apply: Estimated net proceeds 25554.68 USD of issue of the Collateralised Currency Securities to which these Final Terms apply: Maximum number/amount of The aggregate Principal Amount of all US Dollar denominated Collateralised Currency Collateralised Currency Securities (including those issued pursuant to Securities that may be these final terms) may not exceed US$1 000 000 000 unless increased issued of the Class being by the Issuer in accordance with the Trust Instrument. issued pursuant to these Final Terms: Exchange[s] on which London Stock Exchange Collateralised CurrencySecurities are admitted to trading: * Please note that admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers or admission to trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. The amount or any Application Fees: £500  expenses or taxes Management Fees: 0.98 %; specifically charged to the Swap Fees 0.85 % subscriber or purchaser: Currency of the securities USD issue:Issuer Specific Summary Section A - Introduction and warnings 1. Name of WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 3x Daily Security: 2. ISIN: JE00B3XJ8K03 3. Issuer Ordnance House Contact 31 Pier Road Details: St. Helier Jersey JE4 8PW Channel Islands Tel: +44 1534 825200 https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ LEI: 213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28 4. Competent For UK: FCA  Authority: Financial Conduct Authority 12 Endeavour Square  London E20 1JN Phone: +44 20 7066 1000 For EU: CBI Central Bank of Ireland PO Box 559 New Wapping Street Dublin 1. Phone: +353 1 2246000 5. Warnings: • This summary should be read as an introduction to and in conjunction with the base prospectus of WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited (the ""Issuer"") relating to the programme for the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities dated 13 November 2023 (the ""Prospectus""); • Any decision to invest in the Collateralised Currency Securities should be based on consideration of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor; • Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court  the plaintiff investor might  under the national legislation of the member states  have to bear the costs of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated; • Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the summary including any translation thereof  but only if the summary is misleading  inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus or it does not provide  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in the Collateralised Currency Securities. Section B - Key information on the Issuer Who is the issuer of the securities? 1. Domicile/Legal The Issuer is a public company incorporated and registered in Jersey Form/Country under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 103518.of Incorporation: 2. Principal The principal activity of the Issuer is issuing several classes of Activities Collateralised Currency Securities. The Collateralised Currency Securities are designed to provide exposure to movements in indices calculated and published by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC which track movements in different exchange rates (the ""Currency Indices"" or ""MSFXSM Indices""). The Issuer gains exposure to the movements in Currency Indices by entering into unfunded collateralised derivative contracts (the ""Currency Transactions""). Payments under Currency Transactions vary (before any applicable fees) by reference to changes to the Currency Indices. The Collateralised Currency Securities are also backed by the collateral (the ""Collateral"") in accounts of the Issuer at The Bank of New York Mellon (""BONY""). The operation of those accounts is governed by the terms of (i) a custody agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Custody Agreement""); and (ii) a collateral administration master agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Collateral Administration Agreement"") as supplemented by a ""Supplemental Agreement"" between the Issuer and BONY. Any cash received by the Issuer on the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities or under the terms of the Currency Transactions (which is not required to make payments to Security Holders on redemption) is used to purchase assets as collateral from MSIP (defined below) under the terms of an agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 5 November 2009 and entitled ""Global Master Repurchase Agreement"" or ""Repo"". 3. Major The shares in the Issuer are held entirely by WisdomTree Holdings shareholders Jersey Limited (""HoldCo"")  a holding company incorporated in Jersey. The shares in HoldCo are ultimately owned by WisdomTree  Inc. The Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the programme. 4. Key managing Stuart Bell directors Chris Foulds Steven Ross Peter M. Ziemba 5. Statutory Ernst & Young LLP auditors Liberation House Castle Street St Helier Jersey JE1 1EY Channel Islands What is the key financial information regarding the issuer? Income statement for SPVs in relation to asset backed securities Net Profit or loss 31-Dec-23 31-Dec-21 USD USD 1 289 714 -3 046 091 Balance sheet for SPVs in relation to asset backed securities 31-Dec-23 31-Dec-22 USD USD Total assets 280 739 121 394 338 161 Total liabilities 280 198 126 395 086 880Financial Assets designated at fair value through 280 739 121 394 338 161 profit or loss Derivative financial assets nil nil Non-financial assets if material to the Nil Nil entity's business Financial Liabilities designated at fair 280 198 126 395 086 880 value through profit or loss Derivative financial liabilities Nil Nil What are the key risks that are specific to the issuer? Investors in Collateralised Currency Securities may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it. An investor's potential loss is limited to the amount of the investor's investment. The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing the Collateralised Currency Securities and has no assets other than those attributable to the Collateralised Currency Securities. No member of the Morgan Stanley Group of any other person has guaranteed the Issuer's obligations. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in relation to Collateralised Currency Securities will be wholly dependent on its receipt of payments under Currency Transactions from Currency Transaction Counterparties and its ability to sell the Collateral under the Repo to MSIP. The amounts that a Security Holder could receive following a claim against the Issuer are  therefore  limited to the proceeds of realisation of the secured property applicable to such Security Holder's class of Collateralised Currency Securities and as the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle formed only for the purpose of issuing the Collateralised Currency Securities  and as the Collateralised Currency Securities are not guaranteed by any other person  the Issuer would have no further assets against which the Security Holder could claim. In the event that the proceeds of realisation of the secured property is insufficient to cover the amount payable to the Security Holder  the Security Holder would suffer a loss. Although Collateralised Currency Securities are secured by the Collateral  the value of such Collateralised Currency Securities and the ability of the Issuer to pay any redemption amounts remains partly dependent on the receipt of amounts due from the relevant Currency Transaction Counterparty under the Facility Agreement  the ISDA Master Agreement and the Repo. At the date of this Prospectus  there is one Currency Transaction Counterparty (MSIP) which is the obligor. There can be no assurance that MSIP  any other Currency Transaction Counterparty or any other entity will be able to fulfill their payment obligations under the relevant Currency Transactions  Facility Agreement  ISDA Master Agreement or Repo. Consequently  there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to redeem Collateralised Currency Securities at their redemption price which could lead to an investor receiving less than the redemption price upon redemption of their Collateralised Currency Securities. Section C - Key information on the Securities What are the main features of the securities? 1. Offer Price 51.1093693 USD2. The Index MSFXSM Triple Short British Pound Index (TR) 3. Leverage Factor an exposure to -3 times the movements in a foreign exchange rate of a currency versus GBP  EUR or USD (such that if the currency weakens versus the GBP  EUR or USD on a particular day then the value of the Collateralised Currency Security will increase on a three times leveraged basis) minus 3 times the interest rate differential between those two currencies. 4. Currency The Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms are denominated in USD 5. Minimum denomination Each Collateralised Currency Security has a face value known as a ""Principal Amount"" as follows: • For Collateralised Currency Securities denominated in US Dollars the Principal Amount is US$1. • For Collateralised Currency Securities denominated in Euros the Principal Amount is €1. • For Collateralised Currency Securities denominated in Pounds Sterling the Principal Amount is £1. Issue specific summary: Class of Collateralised USD Developed Market Currency Security Currency Securities - WisdomTree Short GBP Long USD 3x Daily Principal Amount USD 1 6. Restrictions on transfer Not applicable; the Collateralised Currency Securities are freely transferable. 7. Rights A Collateralised Currency Security entitles a Security Holder to require the Issuer to redeem their security in return for payment of the higher of (i) the minimum denomination for that class of Collateralised Currency Security (known as the ""Principal Amount""); and (ii) the price of that class of that Collateralised Currency Security on the applicable day determined using the formula set out in element C.15 below. Generally only Authorised Participants will deal directly with the Issuer in redeeming Collateralised Currency Securities. In circumstances  where there are no Authorised Participants  or as the Issuer may in its sole discretion determine  Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants may require the Issuer to redeem their securities directly. Limited RecourseThe obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Collateralised Currency Securities are secured by a charge in favour of the Trustee and an assignment to the Trustee by way of security of the Issuer's rights in so far as they relate to that class. The Trustee and the Security Holders of any class of Collateralised Currency Securities shall have recourse only to the sums derived from the assets relating to that class. If the net proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due  the Trustee or any other person acting on behalf of the Trustee  will not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. Priority of Payments All moneys received by the Trustee upon realisation of the assets relevant to a particular class of Collateralised Currency Securities will be held on trust by the Trustee and applied in the following order: Payments due to the Trustee (and persons appointed by the Trustee) and payments due to any receiver and the costs of realisation of the security;Payments or performance of all amounts due and unpaid and all obligations due in respect of Collateralised Currency Securities of that class; andIn payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. Issue Specific Summary The Principal Amount and class of each of the Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms is as follows: Class of Collateralised WisdomTree Short GBP Long Currency Security USD 3x Daily Principal Amount USD 1 Where will the securities be traded? 8. Application has been made for the Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? Although Collateralised Currency Securities are backed (among other things) by the Collateral  there is no guarantee that if realised it would produce sufficient value to cover the Issuer's obligations to Security Holders. In addition  in the event that the Security Trustee has to enforce the relevant Security Deed  proceeds from the enforcement of the Security Deed will be applied by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Priority Waterfall. Security Holders rank behind the Security Trustee  the Trustee and MSIP (in respect of such MSIP's claims under the Facility Agreement  the ISDA Master Agreement and the Repo) in the Priority Waterfall. Following the priority of payments  the remaining proceeds from enforcement may be insufficient to cover the full redemption amount due from the Issuer to Security Holders. In both cases Security Holders may be affected as a result  by receiving less than they would otherwise expect upon the redemption of their Collateralised Currency Securities.If the price of any class of Collateralised Currency Security (less any applicable additional redemption fee) falls below 5 times the Principal Amount of such class  the Issuer may  at any time for so long as the price (less  any applicable additional redemption fee) remains below 5 times the Principal Amount upon no less than two days' notice by regulatory information service announcement  elect to redeem the Collateralised Currency Securities of that class which may result in an investment in Collateralised Currency Securities being redeemed earlier than desired and at short notice. In these circumstances  the Security Holder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the Collateralised Currency Securities are redeemed at a price lower than it would otherwise have been had the Security Holder's investment been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security Holder rather than on the date of the early redemption. Early redemption could also lead to a Security Holder incurring a tax charge that it would otherwise not be subject to and/or if the redemption takes place at a time when the cash value of the Collateralised Currency Securities redeemed is lower than when they were purchased by the Security Holder  the Security Holder could suffer a loss. The Issuer has no obligation to exercise any of these rights and as a result the Price may fall below the Principal Amount. The Price may fall to zero in some circumstances. Issue specific summary: The following risk factors apply to the class of Collateralised Currency Securities being issued pursuant to the Final Terms: Investing in Collateralised Currency Securities which track a leveraged Currency Index is riskier since leveraged Currency Indices adjust by two  three or five times the exposure of corresponding non leveraged Currency Indices. The return of Collateralised Currency Securities which are short or leveraged can be different to the return provided by non-leveraged Collateralised Currency Securities for periods greater than one day. Investors in Collateralised Currency Securities may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it: Exchange rates can be highly volatile and therefore the value of Collateralised Currency Securities may fluctuate widely and Collateralised Currency Securities which provide exposure to Currency Indices tracking the exchange rates of emerging markets may be more exposed to the risk of swift political change and economic downturns than their industrialised counterparties. In both cases this could lead to a loss for investors if the price falls rapidly to a level lower than that at which they purchased securities. In certain circumstances the value of a Collateralised Currency Security may fall to zero and so become subject to a Compulsory Redemption. In these circumstances Security Holders may receive no payment on redemption. Section D - Key information on the offer of securities to the public and/or the admission to trading on a regulated market 1. Under which Terms and conditions of the offer conditions The Collateralised Currency Securities are being made available by the and timetable can I invest in Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants who have submitted this security? a valid application and will only be issued once the subscription price has been paid to MSIP. An Authorised Participant must also pay the Issuer a creation fee of £500. Any applications for Collateralised Currency Securities made by 2.00 p.m. London time on a business day will generally enable the Authorised Participant to be registered as the holder of Collateralised Currency Securities within two business days. Expenses The Issuer charges the following costs to investors: To Authorised Participants only: - The Issuer charges a fee of £500 per creation or redemption carried out directly with the Issuer. To all Security Holders: - a Daily Adjustment amount under the Formula which comprises an amount payable to MSIP and a Management Fee which will vary per class of Collateralised Currency Security; andan estimated cost of 0.105 per cent. of the price at which the Collateralised Currency Securities are redeemed (known as the ""Additional Redemption Fee"") in the event of the redemption of WisdomTree Long CNY Short USD Collateralised Currency Securities  WisdomTree Short CNY Long USD Collateralised Currency Securities  WisdomTree Long INR Short USD Collateralised Currency Securities and WisdomTree Short INR Long USD Collateralised Currency Securities  reflecting the cost to the Issuer of closing the corresponding Currency Transaction with MSIP on the date of the redemption of the relevant Collateralised Currency Securities. No other costs will be charged to investors by the Issuer. If an investor purchases the Collateralised Currency Securities from a financial intermediary  the Issuer estimates that the expenses charged by such financial intermediary in connection with the sale of Collateralised Currency Securities to an investor will be 0.15 per cent. of the value of the Collateralised Currency Securities sold to such investor. Issue Specific Summary Application Fee £500 Redemption Fee £500 Daily Adjustment 1.83 Management Fee 0.98 2. Why is this The principal activity of the Issuer is issuing several classes of prospectus Collateralised Currency Securities. The Collateralised Currency being Securities are designed to provide exposure to movements in indices produced? calculated and published by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC which track movements in different exchange rates (the ""Currency Indices"" or ""MSFXSM Indices""). The Issuer gains exposure to the movements in Currency Indices by entering into unfunded collateralised derivative contracts (the ""Currency Transactions""). Payments under Currency Transactions vary (before any applicable fees) by reference to changes to the Currency Indices. The Collateralised Currency Securities are also backed by the collateral (the ""Collateral"") in accounts of the Issuer at The Bank of New York Mellon (""BONY""). The operation of those accounts is governed by the terms of (i) a custody agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Custody Agreement""); and (ii) a collateral administration master agreement between the Issuer and BONY (the ""Collateral Administration Agreement"") as supplemented by a ""Supplemental Agreement"" between the Issuer and BONY. Any cash received by the Issuer on the issue of Collateralised Currency Securities or under the terms of the Currency Transactions (which is not required to make payments to Security Holders on redemption) is used to purchase assets as collateral from MSIP (defined below) under the terms of an agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 5 November 2009 and entitled ""Global Master Repurchase Agreement"" or ""Repo"". Description of Collateralised Currency Securities can be bought and sold for cash on the flow of the London Stock Exchange  Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  Euronext funds Amsterdam and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (being the stock exchanges on which the securities are admitted to trading) or in private off-exchange transactions. Details of the exchanges on which a",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.05,0.23,0.72,True,English,"['WisdomTree Foreign Exchange WisdomTree Long NOK Short EUR', 'Issuer Document', 'St. Helier Jersey JE4 8PW Channel Islands', 'The Law Debenture Trust Corporation', 'London Stock Exchange Collateralised Currency', '3x Daily Collateralised Currency Securities', 'Collateralised Currency Collateralised Currency Securities', 'Issuer Specific Summary Section A', '3x Daily Creation Price', 'ETFS Foreign Exchange Limited', 'London E20 1JN Phone', 'WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited', 'Issuer Ordnance House Contact', 'The Collateralised Currency Securities', 'Collateralised Currency Securities Issue', '3x Daily Security', '500 Collateralised Currency Securities', '31 Pier Road Details', 'CBI Central Bank', 'Ireland PO Box', '559 New Wapping Street', 'UK Official List', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'JE00B3XJ8K03 Issue Date', 'WisdomTree Short GBP', 'Prospectus Regulation Rules', 'aggregate Principal Amount', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', 'Jersey) Law', 'Section B', 'The Issuer', 'Trust Instrument', 'Jersey Form/Country', '500 WisdomTree Short', 'Aggregate Number', 'competent authority', 'Rule PRR', 'net proceeds', 'Maximum number/amount', 'US Dollar', 'Main Market', 'Application Fees', 'Management Fees', 'Swap Fees', '12 Endeavour Square', 'national legislation', 'member states', 'legal proceedings', 'Civil liability', 'other parts', 'public company', 'principal activity', 'FINAL TERMS', 'individual issue', 'full information', 'key information', 'registered number', 'base prospectus', 'same meaning', '5 June 2024 Class', 'plaintiff investor', 'USD issue', 'LEI', '213800X2UDCFSIYXXR28', 'Companies', 'Programme', 'relation', 'Trustee', 'purpose', 'Article', 'conjunction', 'supplement', 'accordance', 'website', 'order', 'particulars', 'ISIN', 'admission', 'offers', 'trading', 'expenses', 'taxes', '0.85 % subscriber', 'purchaser', 'Introduction', 'warnings', 'Name', 'FCA', 'EU', 'Dublin', 'November', 'decision', 'consideration', 'claim', 'court', 'costs', 'persons', 'translation', 'investors', 'Domicile/Legal', 'Incorporation', '44']",2024-06-05,2024-06-06,marketscreener.com
42294,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.voltimum.co.uk/articles/leonardo-uk-partners-signify-accelerate,Leonardo UK partners with Signify to accelerate carbon reduction using innovative ‘Light as a Service’ model,Light as a Service (LaaS) agreement includes the full turnkey installation of a connected LED lighting system comprising Philips LED luminaires and sensors with Interact lighting management software ,Ten-year Light as a Service (LaaS) agreement includes the full turnkey installation of a connected LED lighting system comprising Philips LED luminaires and sensors with Interact lighting management software  across 14 buildings at the Yeovil site. The programme  once completed  will reduce energy consumption and Leonardo's CO2 location-based emissions by an estimated 725 tons per year.Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  has been appointed by Leonardo UK to help accelerate its carbon reduction as part of the company’s ambitious sustainability strategy. In support of Leonardo's sustainability strategy – including a recently approved Science Based Target - and drive to Net-Zero in the UK  Signify has signed a ten-year Light as a Service (LaaS) agreement that includes the full turnkey installation of LED lighting with Interact lighting management software  across 14 buildings at the Yeovil site. The lighting in each building has been carefully designed to ensure a safe and productive work environment for the 3 300 highly skilled personnel across the site.Signify’s LaaS model is a performance-based contract that guarantees light-level performance for the full duration of the contract. Crucially  the execution of the new lighting system does not require upfront capital investment – instead  Leonardo pays Signify an annual operating fee. This LaaS model enables Leonardo to realise cash-positive savings from the first year. Once completed  the programme is expected to reduce Leonardo's location-based CO 2 emissions by an estimated 725 tons per year  supporting Somerset Council’s Climate Emergency Strategy.Leonardo is one of the UK's leading aerospace companies and one of the biggest suppliers of defence and security equipment to the UK MOD  making a significant contribution to the UK economy. Leonardo’s Yeovil site is the Home of British Helicopters – offering end-to-end helicopter manufacturing  training  and lifecycle services to operators worldwide.Interact lighting management software - flexible and future-ready.As part of the redesign  the buildings will also see the deployment of Signify’s lighting management system  Interact. The connected lighting system combines energy-efficient Philips LED fixtures with advanced sensors and Interact software. The system will ensure that the LED fixtures are only turned on when an area is occupied. When there is sufficient natural daylight  the LED fixtures will automatically dim to compensate. This maximises lighting energy savings while ensuring a safe working environment.Interact provides Leonardo with the ability to make changes to lighting groups and zones  as well as adjust sensor settings in order to further optimise or react to operational changes.In the future  Leonardo can connect the lighting management system to the cloud using wireless gateways. This enables data-based insights into lighting energy performance  space occupancy  and lighting asset management for all the connected LED fixtures and buildings. Data is presented in Interacts’ simple-to-use configurable dashboards  enabling Leonardo stakeholders to review historical and real-time data  and easily implement changes from any location with an internet connection.“We believe that choosing Signify as our partner for lighting will have a significantly positive impact on our sustainability goals ” said Paul Coombs  VP of Facilities  Real Estate and Infrastructure Projects - Leonardo Helicopters UK. “Saving energy and minimising waste are two ways we manage our environmental footprint to help preserve our planet for future generations. The LaaS model provided by Signify gave us the option to do both in an innovative way with no capital outlay. Also  with Interact  we have a connected lighting system that provides more than just light. With the reduction in carbon emissions and the energy savings  Leonardo will continue its commitment to become a more sustainable organisation and lead the defence industry by example.”“In the traditional method of lighting procurement  organisations get their lighting by purchasing and maintaining their lighting equipment. Light as a Service turns this around and encourages organisations to take a step towards a more sustainable future by making the switch to LED lighting or upgrading their systems to connected lighting and reap the benefits of data and IoT  so they can create spaces that adapt to their needs  making them more efficient  connected  and sustainable. Light as a Service projects have an important contribution to the objectives set out in our Brighter Lives  Better World sustainability programme and contribute to the rapid growth of our systems and services business.” commented Derk Bots  Commercial leader for Europe Office & Industry - Signify,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.53,0.46,0.01,True,English,"['Leonardo UK partners', 'carbon reduction', 'innovative ‘Light', 'Service’ model', 'Signify', 'Brighter Lives, Better World sustainability programme', 'energy-efficient Philips LED fixtures', 'Interact lighting management software', 'Philips LED luminaires', 'Science Based Target', 'productive work environment', '3,300 highly skilled personnel', 'annual operating fee', 'leading aerospace companies', 'sufficient natural daylight', 'lighting asset management', 'ambitious sustainability strategy', 'lighting management system', 'full turnkey installation', 'CO2 location-based emissions', 'location-based CO 2 emissions', 'Climate Emergency Strategy', 'upfront capital investment', 'new lighting system', 'safe working environment', 'connected lighting system', 'LED lighting system', 'The LaaS model', 'lighting energy performance', 'lighting energy savings', 'world leader', 'Interact software', 'Leonardo Helicopters UK', 'sustainability goals', 'full duration', 'carbon emissions', 'light-level performance', 'British Helicopters', 'lighting groups', 'capital outlay', 'lighting procurement', 'lighting equipment', 'cash-positive savings', 'energy consumption', 'Somerset Council', 'biggest suppliers', 'security equipment', 'significant contribution', 'helicopter manufacturing', 'lifecycle services', 'sensor settings', 'wireless gateways', 'data-based insights', 'space occupancy', 'configurable dashboards', 'internet connection', 'positive impact', 'Paul Coombs', 'Real Estate', 'Infrastructure Projects', 'two ways', 'environmental footprint', 'innovative way', 'sustainable organisation', 'traditional method', 'important contribution', 'rapid growth', 'services business', 'Derk Bots', 'Commercial leader', 'UK MOD', 'UK economy', 'Yeovil site', 'future generations', 'sustainable future', 'carbon reduction', 'LaaS) agreement', 'performance-based contract', 'advanced sensors', 'Ten-year Light', 'first year', 'operational changes', 'real-time data', 'Leonardo stakeholders', 'Service projects', 'Leonardo UK', 'defence industry', '14 buildings', '725 tons', 'Signify', 'Euronext', 'part', 'company', 'support', 'Net-Zero', 'execution', 'Home', 'end', 'training', 'operators', 'redesign', 'deployment', 'area', 'zones', 'order', 'cloud', 'historical', 'VP', 'Facilities', 'waste', 'planet', 'option', 'commitment', 'example', 'organisations', 'step', 'switch', 'systems', 'benefits', 'IoT', 'spaces', 'needs', 'objectives', 'Europe', 'Office']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,voltimum.co.uk
42295,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/adocia-confirms-eligibility-pea-pme-160000309.html,ADOCIA Confirms Its Eligibility for the PEA–PME,Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases ,"LYON  France  June 06  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases  confirms its eligibility for the ""PEA – PME"" stock savings tax regime  which decree has been published in the French Journal Officiel on March 4  2014 (Decree n ° 2014-283)  and which entered into force on March 6  2014.To be eligible for the ""PEA – PME""  the shares must have been issued by a company whose market capitalization is below one billion euros  which has less than 5 000 employees  and an annual turnover not exceeding 1.5 billion euros or a total balance sheet less than 2 billion euros.Adocia meets all of these conditions.About AdociaAdocia is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and development of therapeutic solutions in the field of metabolic diseases  primarily diabetes and obesity.The company has a broad portfolio of drug candidates based on four proprietary technology platforms: 1) The BioChaperone® technology for the development of new generation insulins and products combining different hormones; 2) AdOral®  an oral peptide delivery technology; 3) AdoShell®  an immunoprotective biomaterial for cell transplantation  with an initial application in pancreatic cells transplantation; and 4) AdoGel®  a long-acting drug delivery platform.Adocia holds more than 25 patent families. Based in Lyon  the company has about 80 employees. Adocia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext™ Paris (Euronext: ADOC; ISIN: FR0011184241).DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those set forth in the ""Risk Factors"" section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on April 29  2024  available at www.adocia.com. Those risks include uncertainties inherent in Adocia's short- or medium-term working capital requirements  in research and development  future clinical data  analyses and the evolution of economic conditions  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates  which could impact the Company's short-term financing requirements and its ability to raise additional funds.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia at this time. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause the actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements.Story continuesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240606270803/en/ContactsAdociaOlivier SoulaCEOcontactinvestisseurs@adocia.com+33 (0)4 72 610 610www.adocia.comUlysse CommunicationAdocia Press & Investor RelationsBruno ArabianNicolas Entzadocia@ulysse-communication.com+ 33 (0)6 87 88 47 26",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['PEA–PME', 'ADOCIA', 'Eligibility', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'PEA – PME"" stock savings tax regime', 'Olivier Soula CEO contactinvestisseurs', 'four proprietary technology platforms', 'oral peptide delivery technology', 'medium-term working capital requirements', 'acting drug delivery platform', 'French Journal Officiel', 'The BioChaperone® technology', 'short-term financing requirements', 'total balance sheet', 'new generation insulins', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'universal registration document', 'future clinical data', 'pancreatic cells transplantation', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'other metabolic diseases', 'one billion euros', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Nicolas Entz adocia', 'drug candidates', '1.5 billion euros', '2 billion euros', 'cell transplantation', 'market capitalization', 'annual turnover', 'broad portfolio', 'different hormones', 'immunoprotective biomaterial', 'initial application', '25 patent families', 'regulated market', 'press release', 'additional funds', 'actual results', 'source version', 'Investor Relations', 'Bruno Arabian', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext™ Paris', 'economic conditions', 'financial conditions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'biotechnology company', 'financial markets', 'numerous risks', 'Adocia Press', 'Ulysse Communication', 'LYON', 'France', 'June', 'research', 'development', 'treatment', 'diabetes', 'eligibility', 'decree', 'force', 'shares', 'less', '5,000 employees', 'discovery', 'field', 'obesity', 'products', 'AdOral®', 'AdoShell®', 'AdoGel®', '80 employees', 'ISIN', 'Disclaimer', 'assumptions', 'guarantee', 'estimates', 'April', 'uncertainties', 'analyses', 'evolution', 'ability', 'time', 'occurrence', 'part', 'performances', 'achievements', 'Story', 'businesswire', 'Contacts']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,finance.yahoo.com
42296,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-06/62427606-ipsen-pharma-ipsen-appoints-josep-catlla-as-evp-chief-corporate-affairs-officer-399.htm,Ipsen Pharma: Ipsen appoints Josep Catllà as EVP  Chief Corporate Affairs Officer,Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Josep Catllà as EVP  Chief Corporate Affairs Officer,"PARIS  FRANCE  06 June 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Josep Catllà as EVP  Chief Corporate Affairs Officer  effective August 19  2024. He will serve on the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and report directly to Ipsen's Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  David Loew.""We are thrilled to welcome Josep to Ipsen as our new Chief Corporate Affairs Officer  as h. He brings years of experience inof communications and public affairs and a proven track record of developing corporate affairs leaders. His focus on patient care and sustainability and his strategic vision will be instrumental to fosterin fostering employee engagement and partnership with stakeholders while reinforcing Ipsen's culture of collaboration and excellence "" said David Loew  CEO  Ipsen.Josep joins Ipsen from Sanofi  where he has spent the last 14 years in leadership positions at country  region and corporate levels. Over the last four years he has been serving in a similar position  served as Head of Corporate Affairs  reporting to Sanofi's CEO. In addition to running Communications and Public Affairs  he built a robust sustainability strategy.Josep brings 30 years of experience in the world of communications and public affairs and government relations  starting his career at the European Commission in Brussels in the early 1990s and leading the European Public Affairs practice of Weber Shandwick in Brussels  and then running Weber Shandwick Spain & and Portugal  before joining the pharmaceutical industry.""I am incredibly excited to join Ipsen's Executive Leadership Team and to lead the corporate affairs function as Ipsen continues to deliver innovative medicines to patients around the world. I am encouraged by the transformation and evolution of the company  building on their long history and legacy. I look forward to working with patient communities and alongside policymakers  media  and other partners to deliver on Ipsen's mission on a sustainable manner  while embarking our employees into this fascinating journey of improving people's lives "" said Josep Catllà.Gwenan White  EVP  Communications  External Affairs & Sustainability for the last three years  will leave Ipsen to pursue other opportunities. The Company wishes Gwenan every success in her future endeavors and would like to thank her for her leadership.ENDSAbout IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks | craig.marks@ipsen.comNicolas Bolger | nicolas.bogler@ipsen.comMediaAmy Wolf | amy.wolf@ipsen.comIoana Piscociu | ioana.piscociu@ipsen.comDisclaimers and/or Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen's management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen's future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words 'believes'  'anticipates' and 'expects' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen's expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen's patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen's activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen's partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen's business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen's business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen's latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.Attachments",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.18,0.42,True,English,"['Chief Corporate Affairs Officer', 'Josep Catllà', 'Ipsen Pharma', 'EVP', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'new Chief Corporate Affairs Officer', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company', 'European Public Affairs practice', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'corporate affairs leaders', 'corporate affairs function', 'proven track record', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'three therapeutic areas', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'potential future acquisitions', 'early development phase', 'last four years', 'last three years', 'robust sustainability strategy', 'corporate levels', 'European Commission', 'global hubs', 'External Affairs', 'last 14 years', 'early 1990s', 'The Company', 'management strategy', 'development process', 'leadership positions', 'David Loew', 'patient care', 'strategic vision', 'employee engagement', 'similar position', 'government relations', 'Weber Shandwick', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'long history', 'patient communities', 'other partners', 'sustainable manner', 'fascinating journey', 'other opportunities', 'future endeavors', 'Rare Disease', 'external innovation', 'U.S.', 'U.K.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'future ability', 'similar expressions', 'promising medicine', 'clinical trial', 'generic medicine', 'several stages', 'substantial risk', 'innovative medicines', 'transformative medicines', 'development experience', 'Gwenan White', 'Nicolas Bolger', 'future events', 'regulatory filings', 'historical data', 'competition reasons', 'market share', 'Josep Catllà', 'unknown risks', 'financial targets', 'external-growth assumptions', 'commercial targets', 'Ipsen contacts', 'Craig Marks', 'Amy Wolf', 'Ioana Piscociu', '30 years', '100 years', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '06 June', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'appointment', 'EVP', 'ELT', 'CEO', 'communications', 'focus', 'partnership', 'stakeholders', 'culture', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'Sanofi', 'country', 'region', 'Head', 'addition', 'world', 'career', 'Brussels', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'patients', 'transformation', 'evolution', 'legacy', 'policymakers', 'media', 'employees', 'people', 'lives', 'success', 'ENDS', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'pipeline', 'teams', '40 countries', '80 countries', 'information', 'Investors', 'bogler', 'Disclaimers', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'believes', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'facts', 'occurrence', 'loss', 'research', 'efforts', 'rega']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,finanznachrichten.de
42297,EuroNext,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/market-focus-27-transformation-project-155400269.html,Market update : FOCUS-27 transformation project financing,EUROAPI informs that it has decided to be assisted by a mandataire ad hoc in its discussions initiated in February 2024 regarding the mid-term and long-term financing of its FOCUS-27 strategic transformation project.,EuroapiPress releaseParis – June 6  2024 – EUROAPI informs that it has decided to be assisted by a mandataire ad hoc in its discussions initiated in February 2024 regarding the mid-term and long-term financing of its FOCUS-27 strategic transformation project.The mandat ad hoc is an amicable procedure launched at the company's initiative and conducted within a confidential and legally secured framework.EUROAPI has appointed such an independent third party proactively to accelerate the outcome of the negotiations and converge to an appropriate solution in all parties' interests  and substantial progress has been made over the past weeks on the financing of Focus 27 planADVERTISEMENTAbout EUROAPIEUROAPI is focused on reinventing active ingredient solutions to sustainably meet customers’ and patients’ needs around the world. We are a leading player in active pharmaceutical ingredients with approximately 200 products in our portfolio  offering a large span of technologies while developing innovative molecules through our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) activities.Taking action for health by enabling access to essential therapies inspires our 3 650 people every day. With strong research and development capabilities and six manufacturing sites  all located in Europe  EUROAPI ensures API manufacturing of the highest quality to supply customers in more than 80 countries. EUROAPI is listed on Euronext Paris; ISIN: FR0014008VX5; ticker: EAPI). Find out more at www.euroapi.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Media Relations contact:Laurence BollackTel.: +33 (0)6 81 86 80 19mr@euroapi.comInvestor Relations contacts:Sophie Palliez-CapianTel.: +33 (0)6 87 89 33 51Sophie.palliez@euroapi.comCamille RicotierTel : +33 (0)6 43 29 93 79Camille.ricotier@euroapi.comForward-Looking StatementsCertain information contained in this press release is forward looking and not historical data. These forward-looking statements are based on opinions  projections and current assumptions including  but not limited to  assumptions concerning the Group’s current and future strategy  financial and non-financial future results and the environment in which the Group operates  as well as events  operations  future services or product development and potential. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Forward looking statements and information do not constitute guarantees of future performances  and are subject to known or unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  a large number of which are difficult to predict and generally outside the control of the Group  which could cause actual results  performances or achievements  or the results of the sector or other events  to differ materially from those described or suggested by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those that are indicated and detailed in Chapter 3 “Risk factors” of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  AMF) on April 5  2024. These forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this press release and the Group expressly declines any obligation or commitment to publish updates or corrections of the forward-looking statements included in this press release in order to reflect any change affecting the forecasts or events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.23,0.35,0.42,True,English,"['FOCUS-27 transformation project financing', 'Market update', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'FOCUS-27 strategic transformation project', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'independent third party', 'active ingredient solutions', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'Media Relations contact', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Universal Registration Document', 'six manufacturing sites', 'Forward looking statements', 'mandataire ad hoc', 'financial future results', 'Manufacturing Organization', 'API manufacturing', 'future strategy', 'future services', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Press release', 'amicable procedure', 'appropriate solution', ""parties' interests"", 'substantial progress', 'past weeks', 'Focus 27 plan', 'patients’ needs', 'leading player', 'large span', 'innovative molecules', 'Contract Development', 'CDMO) activities', 'essential therapies', 'strong research', 'development capabilities', 'highest quality', 'Laurence Bollack', 'Camille Ricotier', 'Camille.ricotier', 'historical data', 'product development', 'similar expressions', 'other factors', 'large number', 'actual results', 'Risk factors', 'future performances', 'long-term financing', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'unknown risks', 'other events', 'current assumptions', 'Euroapi', 'June', 'discussions', 'February', 'mid-term', 'company', 'initiative', 'confidential', 'framework', 'outcome', 'negotiations', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'world', '200 products', 'portfolio', 'technologies', 'action', 'health', 'access', '3,650 people', 'Europe', 'customers', '80 countries', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'EAPI', 'LinkedIn', 'Tel.', 'mr', 'information', 'opinions', 'projections', 'Group', 'environment', 'operations', 'potential', 'words', 'expects', 'estimates', 'plans', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'achievements', 'sector', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'April', 'date', 'obligation', 'commitment', 'corrections', 'order', 'change', 'forecasts', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,sg.finance.yahoo.com
42298,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-06/62429297-renewi-plc-director-pdmr-shareholding-2-015.htm,Renewi plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding -2-,Share Purchase Over the two trading days 5 to 6 June 2024  Annemieke den Otter purchased a total of 19 500 Shares on Euronext Amsterdam at an aggregated price of EUR 150 835.60. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging ...,"DJ Renewi plc: Director/PDMR ShareholdingRenewi plc (RWI) Renewi plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding 06-Jun-2024 / 15:00 GMT/BST =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM Renewi plc (the ""Company"") announces the following transactions of Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility (""PDMR"") in ordinary shares of GBP1 each in the share capital of the Company (""Shares""). Grant of Awards under the Long-Term Incentive Plan (""LTIP"") and Deferred Annual Bonus Scheme (""DAB"") 2024 LTIP On 5 June 2024  conditional awards were granted to the two Executive Directors of the Company under the Renewi plc 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan  which will vest on the third anniversary of grant in accordance with their performance conditions: Plan Participant Award Vesting date 2024 LTIP Otto de Bont (CEO) 109 831 5 June 2027 2024 LTIP Annemieke den Otter (CFO) 74 630 5 June 2027The three-year performance measures and targets relating to 2024 LTIP awards are as disclosed below. The targets will be measured over the three years ending 31 March 2027.TSR1 ROCE EPS Weight adjusted recycling rate2 Weighting 25% 25% 25% 25% Target Vesting Target Vesting Target Vesting Target Vesting Threshold Median 25% +0.5% 25% +5.0% 25% TBC 25% Max Upper quartile 100% +2.0% 100% +15% 100% TBC 100%Notes: 1. The peer group for the TSR performance target is the FTSE 250 (excluding Investment Trusts). TSR will becalculated using a three-month averaging period at the start and end of the performance period. 2. The weight adjusted recycling rate targets will be detailed in the FY25 Annual Report and Accounts. 3. Vesting for all targets is calculated on a straight line basis.A two-year post vest holding period applies to the LTIP awards granted to Executive Directors.2024 DABOn 5 June 2024  conditional awards were granted to the two Executive Directors of the Company under the Renewi plc 2024 Deferred Annual Bonus Scheme. 50% of the 2024 DAB awards vested immediately  with a further 50% to vest on the third anniversary of grant:Plan Participant Award Vesting date 50% on 5 June 2024 2024 DAB Otto de Bont (CEO) 29 288 50% on 5 June 2027 50% on 5 June 2024 2024 DAB Annemieke den Otter (CFO) 24 876 50% on 5 June 2027Both Executive Directors elected to retain all of their Shares from the immediate DAB vest on 5 June 2024  satisfying their associated withholding tax and social security liabilities through direct payments to the Company.Share PurchaseOver the two trading days 5 to 6 June 2024  Annemieke den Otter purchased a total of 19 500 Shares on Euronext Amsterdam at an aggregated price of EUR 150 835.60.Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Otto de Bont 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CEO b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Renewi plc b) LEI 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument a) Ordinary shares of GBP1 each Identification code GB00BNR4T868 Nature of the transaction b) Grant of 2024 award under the Renewi plc Long Term Incentive Plan Shares Shares Price(s) and volume(s) c) Price(s) Volume(s) GBPNIL 109 831Aggregated informationd) 109 831- Aggregated volumeGBPNIL- Pricee) Date of the transaction5 June 2024f) Place of the transactionOutside a trading venue1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Annemieke den Otter 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CFO b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Renewi plc b) LEI 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument a) Ordinary shares of GBP1 each Identification code GB00BNR4T868 Nature of the transaction b) Grant of 2024 award under the Renewi plc Long Term Incentive Plan Shares Shares Price(s) and volume(s) c) Price(s) Volume(s) GBPNIL 74 630Aggregated informationd) 74 630- Aggregated volumeGBPNIL- Pricee) Date of the transaction5 June 2024f) Place of the transactionOutside a trading venue1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Otto de Bont 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CEO b) Initial notification / Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Renewi plc b) LEI 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument a) Ordinary shares of GBP1 each Identification code GB00BNR4T868 Nature of the transaction b) Grant of 2024 award of 29 288 shares under the Deferred Annual Bonus Scheme  50% of which vested immediately  50% of which will vest on 5 June 2027 Shares Shares Price(s) and volume(s) c) Price(s) Volume(s) GBPNIL 29 288Aggregated informationd) 29 288- Aggregated volumeGBPNIL- Pricee) Date of the transaction5 June 2024f) Place of the transactionOutside a trading venue1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Annemieke den Otter 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CFO b) Initial notification / Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Renewi plc b) LEI 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument a) Ordinary shares of GBP1 each Identification code GB00BNR4T868 Nature of the transaction b) Grant of 2024 award of 24 876 shares under the Deferred Annual Bonus Scheme  50% of which vested immediately  50% of which will vest on 5 June 2027 Shares Shares Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) c) 24 876 GBPNILAggregated informationd) 24 876- Aggregated volumeGBPNIL- Pricee) Date of the transaction5 June 2024f) Place of the transactionOutside a trading venue1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Annemieke den Otter 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CFO b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Renewi plc b) LEI 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument a) Ordinary shares of GBP1 each Identification code GB00BNR4T868 Nature of the transaction b) Purchase of 16 072 shares Shares Shares Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) c) EUR7.70 16 072Aggregated informationd)- Aggregated volume 16 072- Price EUR 123 754.40e) Date of the transaction5 June 2024f) Place of the transactionEuronext Amsterdam1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Annemieke den Otter 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CFO b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Renewi plc b) LEI 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument a) Ordinary shares of GBP1 each Identification code GB00BNR4T868 Nature of the transaction b) Purchase of 3 428 shares Shares Shares Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) c) EUR7.90 3 428Aggregated informationd)- Aggregated volume 3 428- Price EUR27 081.20e) Date of the transaction6 June 2024f) Place of the transactionEuronext AmsterdamAbout RenewiRenewi is a pure-play recycling company that focuses on extracting value from waste and used materials rather than disposing of them through incineration or landfill. The company plays an important role in combating resource scarcity by creating circular materials. In giving new life to used materials  Renewi addresses both social and regulatory trends  contributing to a cleaner and greener world.Our vision is to be the leading waste-to-product company in the world's most advanced circular economies. With a recycling rate of 63.2%  one of the highest in Europe  Renewi puts 6.6 million tonnes of low-carbon circular materials back into use each year. This contributes to mitigating climate change and promotes the circular economy. Our recycling efforts help to protect natural resources and prevent more than 2.5 million tonnes of CO2 emissions annually.Renewi leverages innovation and the latest technology to turn waste into circular materials such as paper  metals  plastics  glass  wood  building materials  compost  and water. We employ over 6 000 people across 154 operational sites in five countries in Europe. Renewi is recognised as a leading waste-to-product company in the Benelux region and a European leader in advanced recycling.Visit our website for more information: www.renewi.com----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ISIN: GB00BNR4T868 Category Code: DSH TIDM: RWI LEI Code: 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22 OAM Categories: 3.1. Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State Sequence No.: 326398 EQS News ID: 1919959 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Image link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1919959&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresJune 06  2024 10:00 ET (14:00 GMT)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Renewi plc', 'Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'Target Vesting Target Vesting Target Vesting Target Vesting Threshold Median', 'Renewi plc Long Term Incentive Plan Shares Shares Price(s', 'TSR1 ROCE EPS Weight adjusted recycling rate2', 'Renewi plc 2024 Deferred Annual Bonus Scheme', 'Renewi plc 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan', 'Plan Participant Award Vesting date', 'two-year post vest holding period', 'Name Annemieke den Otter 2 Reason', 'emission allowance market participant', 'Name Otto de Bont', 'DAB Otto de Bont', 'DAB Annemieke den Otter', 'LTIP Otto de Bont', 'LTIP Annemieke den Otter', 'TSR performance target', 'Name Renewi plc', 'Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility', 'DJ Renewi plc', 'FY25 Annual Report', 'recycling rate targets', 'immediate DAB vest', 'three-month averaging period', 'straight line basis', 'associated withholding tax', 'social security liabilities', 'Identification code GB00BNR4T868', 'three-year performance measures', 'two trading days', 'PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED', 'two Executive Directors', 'ordinary shares', 'aggregated price', 'Amendment Initial Notification', 'performance period', '19,500 Shares', 'performance conditions', 'MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'trading venue', '2024 DAB awards', '2024 LTIP awards', 'Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'PUBLIC DISCLOSURE', 'share capital', 'third anniversary', 'three years', 'Upper quartile', 'peer group', 'Investment Trusts', 'direct payments', 'Share Purchase', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'LEI 213800CNEIDZBL17KU22', 'Aggregated information', 'conditional awards', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'Position/status CEO', 'financial instrument', 'Aggregated volume', 'Position/status CFO', 'following transactions', '2024 award', 'RWI', 'Jun', '15:00 GMT', 'BST', 'Company', 'GBP1', 'Grant', 'accordance', '31 March', 'TBC', 'Max', 'Notes', 'FTSE 250', 'start', 'Accounts', 'total', 'Details', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'GBPNIL', '630']",2024-06-06,2024-06-06,finanznachrichten.de
