UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
571,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Why stock markets love the blockchain and how Bundesbank and Deutsche Börse are readying to unveil a market prototype.,nan,Why stock markets love the blockchain and how Bundesbank and Deutsche Börse are readying to unveil a market prototype.,positive,0.7,0.27,0.02,positive,0.7,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'stock markets', 'market prototype', 'blockchain', 'Bundesbank', 'Deutsche Börse', 'stock markets', 'market prototype', 'blockchain', 'Bundesbank']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
1790,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The ETPs are already listed on major European digital exchanges like Deutsche Boerse’s Xetra  the Swiss SIX exchang… https://t.co/ERy2hJXH0p,nan,The ETPs are already listed on major European digital exchanges like Deutsche Boerse’s Xetra  the Swiss SIX exchang… https://t.co/ERy2hJXH0p,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['major European digital exchanges', 'Swiss SIX exchang', 'The ETPs', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Xetra', 'ERy2hJXH0p', 'major European digital exchanges', 'Swiss SIX exchang', 'The ETPs', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Xetra', 'ERy2hJXH0p']",2022-03-29,2022-04-02,Unknown
1791,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Successfully Places EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond At An Attractive Coupon Of 1.5 Per Cent https://t.co/MBT1sLu2GB,nan,Deutsche Börse Successfully Places EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond At An Attractive Coupon Of 1.5 Per Cent https://t.co/MBT1sLu2GB,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Attractive Coupon', '1.5 Per Cent', 'MBT1sLu2GB', 'EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Attractive Coupon', '1.5 Per Cent', 'MBT1sLu2GB']",2022-03-29,2022-04-02,Unknown
1792,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse successfully places EUR 600 million corporate bond at an attractive coupon of 1.5 per cent.https://t.co/IeZSnrPQcO,nan,Deutsche Börse successfully places EUR 600 million corporate bond at an attractive coupon of 1.5 per cent.https://t.co/IeZSnrPQcO,positive,0.51,0.44,0.05,positive,0.51,0.44,0.05,True,English,"['EUR 600 million corporate bond', 'Deutsche Börse', 'attractive coupon', '1.5 per cent', 'IeZSnrPQcO', 'EUR 600 million corporate bond', 'Deutsche Börse', 'attractive coupon', '1.5 per cent', 'IeZSnrPQcO']",2022-03-29,2022-04-02,Unknown
1875,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Reference Data is used in our core business to service €37.6 trillion of assets for over 2000 financial i… https://t.co/0BbRX56BYz,nan,Euroclear Reference Data is used in our core business to service €37.6 trillion of assets for over 2000 financial i… https://t.co/0BbRX56BYz,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Reference Data', 'core business', '2000 financial i', '6 trillion', 'assets', '0BbRX56BYz', 'Euroclear Reference Data', 'core business', '2000 financial i', '6 trillion', 'assets', '0BbRX56BYz']",2022-03-30,2022-04-02,Unknown
1895,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Successfully Places EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond At An Attractive Coupon Of 1.5 Per Cent https://t.co/LCfLtVyX4A,nan,Deutsche Börse Successfully Places EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond At An Attractive Coupon Of 1.5 Per Cent https://t.co/LCfLtVyX4A,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Attractive Coupon', '1.5 Per Cent', 'LCfLtVyX4A', 'EUR 600 Million Corporate Bond', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Attractive Coupon', '1.5 Per Cent', 'LCfLtVyX4A']",2022-03-29,2022-04-02,Unknown
1986,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear to be funded by Fnality to enhance strategy for Digital Technologyhttps://t.co/1kP8eOQCT8,nan,Euroclear to be funded by Fnality to enhance strategy for Digital Technologyhttps://t.co/1kP8eOQCT8,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Digital Technology', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'strategy', 'kP8eOQCT8', 'Digital Technology', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'strategy', 'kP8eOQCT8']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
1987,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Managing Director Manoj Mistry examines Euroclear joining a bank-backed blockchain payment system and what this mea… https://t.co/YJz1LrnTOy,nan,Managing Director Manoj Mistry examines Euroclear joining a bank-backed blockchain payment system and what this mea… https://t.co/YJz1LrnTOy,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Managing Director Manoj Mistry', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'YJz1LrnTOy', 'Managing Director Manoj Mistry', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'YJz1LrnTOy']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
1988,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear claims it has over 37.6 trillion euros in assets under custody  announced an investment into Fnality  a c… https://t.co/BObrQOIWrL,nan,Euroclear claims it has over 37.6 trillion euros in assets under custody  announced an investment into Fnality  a c… https://t.co/BObrQOIWrL,neutral,0.03,0.85,0.12,neutral,0.03,0.85,0.12,True,English,"['37.6 trillion euros', 'Euroclear', 'assets', 'custody', 'investment', 'Fnality', 'BObrQOIWrL', '37.6 trillion euros', 'Euroclear', 'assets', 'custody', 'investment', 'Fnality', 'BObrQOIWrL']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
1989,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Bank/BNPL lender divide dominates comments to CFPB #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/2PXNl2IB2n #regtech,nan,Bank/BNPL lender divide dominates comments to CFPB #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/2PXNl2IB2n #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.84,0.13,neutral,0.03,0.84,0.13,True,English,"['CFPB #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Bank/BNPL lender', 'comments', 'Fintech', 'PXNl2IB2n', 'regtech', 'CFPB #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Bank/BNPL lender', 'comments', 'Fintech', 'PXNl2IB2n', 'regtech']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2004,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@cmoikica Clearstream 2.0,nan,@cmoikica Clearstream 2.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['cmoikica Clearstream', 'cmoikica Clearstream']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2005,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,In other words I accidentally heard a guy who went to biz school shilling NFTs with no blockchain &amp; a Clearstream e… https://t.co/qWwTRQZAwu,nan,In other words I accidentally heard a guy who went to biz school shilling NFTs with no blockchain &amp; a Clearstream e… https://t.co/qWwTRQZAwu,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['other words', 'biz school', 'guy', 'NFTs', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'qWwTRQZAwu', 'other words', 'biz school', 'guy', 'NFTs', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'qWwTRQZAwu']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2006,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,⁦@jpmorgan⁩ Processes Bond PaymentCoupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debtClearstream blocked depository acco… https://t.co/4nrenjaIJw,nan,⁦@jpmorgan⁩ Processes Bond PaymentCoupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debtClearstream blocked depository acco… https://t.co/4nrenjaIJw,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Bond Payment', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'depository acco', 'jpmorgan', 'Processes', 'Russia', 'Clearstream', 'nrenjaIJw', 'Bond Payment', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'depository acco', 'jpmorgan', 'Processes', 'Russia', 'Clearstream', 'nrenjaIJw']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2007,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Coupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debt due on ThursdayClearstream blocked Russian depository account last we… https://t.co/K8FVyEcsPg,nan,Coupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debt due on ThursdayClearstream blocked Russian depository account last we… https://t.co/K8FVyEcsPg,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['Russian depository account', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'Thursday', 'Clearstream', 'K8FVyEcsPg', 'Russian depository account', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'Thursday', 'Clearstream', 'K8FVyEcsPg']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2008,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream released first report to its customers on settlement fails fines today. Collections scheduled for 13 Ap… https://t.co/qdzVp8fFWA,nan,Clearstream released first report to its customers on settlement fails fines today. Collections scheduled for 13 Ap… https://t.co/qdzVp8fFWA,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['first report', 'Clearstream', 'customers', 'settlement', 'fines', 'Collections', '13 Ap', 'qdzVp8fFWA', 'first report', 'Clearstream', 'customers', 'settlement', 'fines', 'Collections', '13 Ap', 'qdzVp8fFWA']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2017,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Fidelity International launches Bitcoin ETP on Deutsche BoerseToplist Crypto Casino &amp; SportsBook 👉… https://t.co/tljYVkCwID,nan,Fidelity International launches Bitcoin ETP on Deutsche BoerseToplist Crypto Casino &amp; SportsBook 👉… https://t.co/tljYVkCwID,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Toplist Crypto Casino', 'Fidelity International', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'SportsBook', 'tljYVkCwID', 'Toplist Crypto Casino', 'Fidelity International', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'SportsBook', 'tljYVkCwID']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2018,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,⚠💵 13D Ownership Filing!! Symbol: $MOTVWho: Deutsche Boerse AGAmount: 24 262 496Link: https://t.co/tqNjgymWYf,nan,⚠💵 13D Ownership Filing!! Symbol: $MOTVWho: Deutsche Boerse AGAmount: 24 262 496Link: https://t.co/tqNjgymWYf,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG Amount', '13D Ownership Filing', 'Symbol', 'Link', 'tqNjgymWYf', 'Deutsche Boerse AG Amount', '13D Ownership Filing', 'Symbol', 'Link', 'tqNjgymWYf']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2019,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,I found you an Oversold RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily chart of Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany 10+… https://t.co/P5WOPFU4YT,nan,I found you an Oversold RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily chart of Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany 10+… https://t.co/P5WOPFU4YT,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,True,English,"['Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Oversold RSI', 'daily chart', 'P5WOPFU4YT', 'Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Oversold RSI', 'daily chart', 'P5WOPFU4YT']",2022-03-30,2022-04-02,Unknown
2020,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse shutters buy-in agent service after EU elimination of mandatory buy-ins for settlement failures. Bro… https://t.co/kwQYu5l7Fp,nan,Deutsche Börse shutters buy-in agent service after EU elimination of mandatory buy-ins for settlement failures. Bro… https://t.co/kwQYu5l7Fp,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'agent service', 'EU elimination', 'mandatory buy-ins', 'settlement failures', 'Bro', 'kwQYu5l7Fp', 'Deutsche Börse', 'agent service', 'EU elimination', 'mandatory buy-ins', 'settlement failures', 'Bro', 'kwQYu5l7Fp']",2022-03-30,2022-04-02,Unknown
2021,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@AlderLaneEggs Someone should tell Deutsche Börse Group@DeutscheBoerse about @tZERO @BSTXLLC  Newly minted 14% ow… https://t.co/SCTzqsHPbx,nan,@AlderLaneEggs Someone should tell Deutsche Börse Group@DeutscheBoerse about @tZERO @BSTXLLC  Newly minted 14% ow… https://t.co/SCTzqsHPbx,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'AlderLaneEggs Someone', 'BSTXLLC', 'SCTzqsHPbx', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'AlderLaneEggs Someone', 'BSTXLLC', 'SCTzqsHPbx']",2022-03-30,2022-04-02,Unknown
2022,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$FRGE @Forge_Global $FRGEWS (warrants)  13-D Deutsche Boerse AG 14.3% ownership Source of Funds (See Instructions… https://t.co/4Y14dlvv7h,nan,$FRGE @Forge_Global $FRGEWS (warrants)  13-D Deutsche Boerse AG 14.3% ownership Source of Funds (See Instructions… https://t.co/4Y14dlvv7h,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', '14.3% ownership Source', 'FRGE', 'Forge_Global', 'warrants', 'Funds', 'Instructions', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', '14.3% ownership Source', 'FRGE', 'Forge_Global', 'warrants', 'Funds', 'Instructions']",2022-03-30,2022-04-02,Unknown
2023,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,⚠💵 13D Ownership Filing!! Symbol: $MOTVWho: Deutsche Boerse AGAmount: 24 262 496Link: https://t.co/tqNjgy4NK7,nan,⚠💵 13D Ownership Filing!! Symbol: $MOTVWho: Deutsche Boerse AGAmount: 24 262 496Link: https://t.co/tqNjgy4NK7,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG Amount', '13D Ownership Filing', 'Symbol', 'Link', 'tqNjgy4NK7', 'Deutsche Boerse AG Amount', '13D Ownership Filing', 'Symbol', 'Link', 'tqNjgy4NK7']",2022-03-30,2022-04-02,Unknown
2079,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-savosolar-113000961.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Savosolar Plc Company Release 1 April 2022 at 1.30 p.m. (CEST) Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc Notice is given to the shareholders of...,Savosolar OyjSavosolar PlcCompany Release 1 April 2022 at 1.30 p.m. (CEST)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  26 April 2022 at 16.00 (EET) at Technopolis Ruoholahti seminar room “Mill” at the address Hiilikatu 3  00180 Helsinki  Finland (Building: Ruoholahti 1). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 15.30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditor's report for the year 2021- Review by the CEO7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Loss shown on the balance sheet and resolution on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that the net loss of EUR -5 772 019.07 be transferred to retained earnings / loss account and that no dividend be paid.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected be paid the following remuneration for the term that begins at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chairman of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board.According to the proposal approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company's new shares based on the Board of Directors’ share issue authorization and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration is proposed to be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration.Story continuesThe number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company's share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2022 will be used as the value of share.Alternatively  if so resolved by the Board of Directors  the remuneration shares can be purchased in the name of and on behalf of the Board members. In such case the company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares.If the shares cannot be given due to insider regulations during the before mentioned time periods  the shares shall be given outright once it is possible in accordance with the insider regulations in force at that time. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has endedIt is also proposed the members of the Board of Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and lodging costs. Travel and lodging costs are not compensated to those members of the Board of Directors who reside in the greater Helsinki area when the meetings are held in the greater Helsinki area.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that four (4) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board of Directors Mr. Feodor Aminoff  Mr. Eero Auranne  Mr. Mikael Lemström and Mr. Ari Virtanen be re-elected according to their consents. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.13. Resolution on remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor’s fees be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the company.14. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that auditing firm Tilintarkastus Inkeroinen & Himanen Oy be elected as the company's auditor. Tilintarkastus Inkeroinen & Himanen Oy has informed that the principal auditor will be Mr. Juho Himanen  Authorised Public Accountant. The term of office of the auditor ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.15. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe annual accounts of Savosolar Plc and the auditor's report as well as this notice including the proposals made to the General Meeting are available on Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 10 May 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on Tuesday  12 April 2022 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 21 April 2022 at 4.00 p.m.  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com; by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Mon-Fri at 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.) or by mail to Savosolar Plc  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli.In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 12 April 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 21 April 2022 by 10.00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 12 April 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 12 April 2022 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc shall be made in written at the latest on 13 April 2022 at 10.00 a.m. Swedish time. The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to in originals to Savosolar Plc  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli  Finland before the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish. Part of the material to be presented in the meeting may be in English.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  1 April 2022  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc is 165 187 636. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  1 April 2022SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comAbout SavosolarSavosolar with its highly efficient collectors and large-scale solar thermal systems has taken solar thermal technology to the next level. The company’s collectors are equipped with the patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers  and with this leading technology  Savosolar helps its customers to produce competitive clean energy. Savosolar’s vision is to be the first-choice supplier to high performance solar installations on a global scale. Focus is on large-scale applications like district heating  industrial process heating and real estate systems – market segments with a big potential for rapid growth. The company primarily delivers complete systems from design to installation  using the best local partners. Savosolar is known as the most innovative company in the business and aims to stay as such. The company has sold and delivered its products to almost 20 countries on four continents. Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden with the ticker SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland with the ticker SAVOH. www.savosolar.com .The company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se   phone: +46 8-604 22 55.,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.15,0.26,0.58,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'First North Growth Market Finland', 'volume weighted average price', 'Mr. Mikael Lemström', 'Technopolis Ruoholahti seminar room', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ share issue authorization', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Mr. Feodor Aminoff', 'Mr. Eero Auranne', 'Mr. Ari Virtanen', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'Mr. Juho Himanen', 'greater Helsinki area', 'meeting B. Documents', 'annual accounts', 'Board members company', 'Himanen Oy', 'Savosolar Oyj', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', '12 monthly instalments', 'two (2) weeks', 'insider regulations', 'reasonable invoice', 'auditing firm', 'Tilintarkastus Inkeroinen', 'net loss', 'loss account', 'lodging costs', 'new shares', 'Cash portion', 'transfer tax', 'time periods', 'reasonable travel', 'company shares', 'other members', 'four (4) members', 'current members', 'following remuneration', 'half-year report', 'The Board', 'principal auditor', 'remuneration shares', '00180 Helsinki', 'April', 'CEST', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'Mill', 'address', 'Hiilikatu', 'Building', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'year 2021', 'Review', 'CEO', 'resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'discharge', 'liability', 'term', 'Chairman', 'proposal', 'extent', 'amount', 'Story', 'number', 'basis', 'value', 'publication', '1 January', '30 June', 'name', 'behalf', 'case', 'purchase', 'accordance', 'force', 'membership', 'meetings', 'consents', 'office', 'closing', 'fees', 'website', '10 May', 'late', '1.30', '16.00']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2080,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-digitalist-group-plc-annual-150000199.html,NOTICE OF DIGITALIST GROUP PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,Digitalist Group Plc Stock Exchange Release 1 April 2022 at 18:00 Notice is given to the shareholders of Digitalist Group Plc to the Annual General Meeting...,Digitalist Group OyjDigitalist Group Plc Stock Exchange Release 1 April 2022 at 18:00Notice is given to the shareholders of Digitalist Group Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 26 April 2022 at 3 p.m. at the company’s head office in Helsinki. Shareholders and their proxy representatives may participate in the meeting only by voting in advance and by making counterproposals and presenting questions in advance in accordance with the notice of the General Meeting and other instructions by the company. It is not possible to attend the meeting in person.The Board of Directors of the company has resolved on an exceptional meeting procedure under the act on temporary derogation from the Limited Liability Companies Act  the Limited Liability Housing Companies Act  the Co-operatives Act  the Associations Act and certain other corporation legislation to limit the spread of the COVID-19 epidemic (375/2021) which entered into force on 8 May 2021. In order to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be held without the presence of the shareholders or their proxy representatives. This is necessary in order to ensure the health and safety of the company’s shareholders  personnel and other stakeholders as well as to organize the meeting in a predictable way allowing equal means for shareholders to participate. For these reasons  shareholders and their proxy representatives can participate in the meeting and exercise shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. Further instructions are provided below in this notice in section C Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting. The Board of Directors and CEO of the company will not be participating in the meeting. There will be no addresses by the Board or management  and no webcast will be provided.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:Story continues1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney-at-Law Harri Tolppanen will act as the Chairman of the meeting.Should Harri Tolppanen be prevented from acting as Chairman for a weighty reason  the Board will appoint another person it deems most suitable to act as Chairman.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesAttorney-at-Law Jarkko Hankaa will scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes at the meeting.Should Jarkko Hankaa be prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes for a weighty reason  the Board will appoint another person it deems most suitable to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesAll shareholders attending who have voted in advance and who in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act are entitled to attend the meeting will be recorded to have attended the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted on the basis of information provided by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the financial statement  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report for the year 2021Since the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting  the report of the Board of Directors  the financial statements and the auditor’s report  published by the company on 31 March 2022  are considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The publications are available on the company’s website at https://investor/digitalistgroup.com/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that distributable assets be left in the equity and that no dividend for the financial period 2021 be paid to shareholders.Digitalist Group Plc's result for the 2021 financial period shows a loss of EUR 5 799 011.20  due to which shareholders do not have the right to demand for minority dividend as referred to in Chapter 13 Section 7 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Directors from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesSince the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting  the remuneration report published by the company on 31 March 2022 is considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The remuneration report is available on Digitalist Group Plc's website https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting. The resolution on the remuneration report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and on the grounds for compensation of travel expensesThe company’s largest shareholder  Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 46.89 per cent  proposes that fees paid to the elected members of the Board of Directors remain unchanged  so that they are as follows:Chairman of the Board: EUR 40 000/year and EUR 500/meetingDeputy Chairman of the Board: EUR 30 000/year and EUR 250/meetingOther members of the Board of Directors: EUR 20 000/year and EUR 250/meetingFor the meetings of a potential Board committee  EUR 500/meeting to the Chairman and EUR 250/meeting to a memberIt is proposed that travel expenses be reimbursed in accordance with the company’s regulations concerning travel reimbursements.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsUnder the Articles of Association  the company’s Board of Directors must have at least 5 and at most 9 members.The company does not have a Nomination Committee. The company’s largest shareholder Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 46.89 per cent  proposes that six ordinary members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe company does not have a Nomination Committee. The company’s largest shareholder Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 46.89 per cent  proposes that the current members of the Board Paul Ehrnrooth  Andreas Rosenlew  Esa Matikainen  Peter Eriksson  Maria Olofsson and Johan Almquist be re-elected as members of the Board.More detailed personal information and evaluation of the independence of the proposed members of the Board is available on the company’s website https://digitalist.global in the “Investors” section (Governance/Annual General Meeting).14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that remuneration for the auditor be paid against the auditor’s invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that KPMG Oy Ab  who have named Authorized Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti as the principal auditor  be re-elected as the auditor.16. Authorisation of the Board of Directors to decide on share issues and on granting special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board to decide on a paid share issue and on granting option rights and other special rights entitling to shares that are set out in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or on the combination of some of the aforementioned instruments in one or more tranches on the following terms and conditions:The number of shares to be issued under the authorisation may not exceed 325 511 370  which corresponds to approximately 50 per cent of all company shares at the time of convening the Annual General Meeting.Within the limits of the aforementioned authorisation  the Board of Directors may decide on all terms and conditions applied to the share issue and to the special rights entitling to shares  such as that the payment of the subscription price may take place not only by cash but also by setting off receivables that the subscriber has from the company.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on crediting the subscription price either to the company’s share capital or  entirely or in part  to the invested unrestricted equity fund.Shares as well as special rights entitling to shares may also be issued in a way that deviates from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders if a weighty financial reason for the company to do this exists as laid out in the Limited Liability Companies Act. In such a case  the authorisation may be used to finance corporate acquisitions or other investments related to the operations of the company as well as to maintain and improve the solvency of the group of companies and to carry out an incentive scheme.The authorisation is proposed to be effective until the Annual General Meeting held in 2023  yet no further than until 30 June 2023.The decision concerning the authorisation requires a qualified majority of at least two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the meeting.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to decide on acquiring or accepting as pledge  using the company’s non-restricted equity  a maximum of 65 102 000 own shares  which corresponds to around 10 per cent of the company’s total shares at the time of convening the Annual General Meeting. The repurchase may take place in one or more tranches. The acquisition price shall not exceed the highest market price of the share in public trading at the time of the acquisition.In executing the acquisition of its own shares  the company may enter into derivative  share lending and other contracts customary in the capital market  within the limits set out in laws and regulations. The authorisation also entitles the Board to decide on a directed acquisition  i.e. on acquiring shares in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders.The company may acquire the shares to execute corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements related to the company’s operations  to improve its capital structure  or to otherwise further transfer the shares or cancel them.The authorisation is proposed to include the right for the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares. The authorisation is proposed to be effective until the Annual General Meeting held in 2023  yet no further than until 30 June 2023.The decision concerning the authorisation requires a qualified majority of at least two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the meeting.18. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe following documents will be made available to the shareholders on Digitalist Group Plc’s website at https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting no later than 21 days prior to the General Meeting: the aforementioned proposals on the agenda for the meeting  the company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration policy  and this notice. The said documents will also be available at the General Meeting. In addition  copies of the said documents and of this notice will be mailed to the shareholders who request them. Otherwise  no separate notice of the meeting will be sent to the shareholders. The minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on 28 April 2022.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETINGIn order to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be held so that the shareholder or their proxy representative cannot be present at the venue. This is necessary especially in order to ensure the health and safety of the shareholders  employees and other stakeholders of the company. Shareholders and their proxy representatives can participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by making counterproposals and presenting questions in advance.1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are on the record date of the General Meeting  Tuesday 12 April 2022  registered in the company’s shareholders’ register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  are entitled to attend the meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry accounts are registered in the shareholders’ register of the company. A shareholder may not participate in the General Meeting in any other manner than by voting in advance in the manner described below as well as by making counterproposals and presenting questions in advance. If you do not have a Finnish book-entry account  please see section 4. Holders of nominee-registered shares.2. Registration and advance votingThe registration period and advance voting period commence on Tuesday 5 April 2022  when the term for submitting counterproposals to be put to a vote has expired. Shareholders entered in the shareholders’ register of the company who wish to attend the General Meeting by voting in advance must give notice of their attendance and vote in advance by  and the company must have received such notice and votes by  12 noon on Tuesday 19 April 2022 at the latest.In connection with the registration  requested information such as the name  personal identification number  address and telephone number of the shareholder as well as requested information on a possible proxy representative  such as the name and personal identification number of the proxy representative  must be provided. Personal data provided by the shareholders is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with processing the necessary registrations related to the meeting.Shareholders with a Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting during the period 5 April 2022 at 10 a.m. - 19 April 2022 at 12 noon by the following means:a) through the company’s website athttps://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meetingPlease note that the number of the shareholder’s book-entry account is required for voting in advance. The terms and other instructions concerning electronic voting and other related instructions are available on the company’s website athttps://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.b) via mail or emailShareholders may submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://investor. digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting to Euroclear Finland Ltd by mail to the address Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Digitalist Group Plc  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. The voting form will be available on the company’s website as of Tuesday 5 April 2022.When submitting a voting form  a representative or proxy of a shareholder must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by delivering votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Ltd  the delivery of the votes shall constitute due registration for the General Meeting.The terms and other instructions concerning voting by mail or e-mail are available on the company’s website at https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.3. Proxy representative and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in a General Meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative of a shareholder must also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. The representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Digitalist Group Plc  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the end of the registration period  by which time the documents must be received by Euroclear Finland Oy.Delivery of a proxy document and votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy before the expiration of the period for the notice of participation constitutes due registration for the General Meeting if the information required for registering for the meeting set out in C.2. above is included in the documents.4. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on Tuesday 12 April 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Participation in the General Meeting additionally requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered in the temporary shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on Thursday 21 April 2022 at 10 a.m. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian banks well before the meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account management organisation of the custodian bank must arrange voting in advance on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.Further information on these matters is also available on the company’s website athttps://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders holding at least one hundredth of all the shares in the company have the right to make a counterproposal to the resolution proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  which will be put to a vote. Such counterproposals must be delivered to the company by email to yhtiokokous@digitalistgroup.com no later than on Monday 4 April 2022 at 10 a.m. Shareholders making a counterproposal must in connection with delivering the counterproposal present evidence of their shareholdings. The counterproposal will be considered at the General Meeting provided that the shareholder has the right to participate in the General Meeting and that the shareholder holds shares corresponding to at least one hundredth of all shares in the company on the record date of the General Meeting. If the counterproposal will not be taken up for consideration at the General Meeting  the votes given in favour of the counterproposal will not be taken into account. The company will publish possible counterproposals to be put to a vote on the company’s website at https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting no later than on Tuesday 5 April 2022.A shareholder may present questions on the matters on the agenda of the meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act until Friday 8 April 2022 at 4 p.m. by email to yhtiokokous@digitalistgroup.com. Such questions by shareholders  responses thereto from the company’s management as well as any counterproposals other than those put up to a vote are available on the company’s website athttps://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting by Wednesday 13 April 2022 at the latest. As a prerequisite for presenting questions or counterproposals  a shareholder must present the company with sufficient evidence of their shareholding.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Limited Liability Companies Act and the Securities Market Act is available at the addresshttps://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.On the date of this notice of the General Meeting  1 April 2022  the total number of shares in Digitalist Group Plc  and votes represented by such shares  is 651 022 746.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting  12 April 2022  will not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held by a shareholder in the meeting.Additional information on the arrangements concerning the Annual General Meeting is available at https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/fi/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.Helsinki  1 April 2022DIGITALIST GROUP PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Magnus Leijonborg  CEO  tel. +46 76 315 8422  magnus.leijonborg@digitalistgroup.comMervi Södö  CFO  tel. +358 40 136 5959  mervi.sodo@digitalistgroup.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain mediahttps://digitalist.globalAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.87,0.08,mixed,0.13,0.24,0.64,True,English,"['DIGITALIST GROUP PLC', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'Digitalist Group Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Limited Liability Housing Companies Act', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Digitalist Group Oyj', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd.', 'other corporation legislation', 'Law Harri Tolppanen', 'Law Jarkko Hankaa', 'exceptional meeting procedure', 'Annual General Meeting', 'section C Instructions', 'Co-operatives Act', 'Associations Act', 'other instructions', 'other stakeholders', 'Further instructions', 'head office', 'proxy representatives', 'temporary derogation', 'COVID-19 epidemic', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'predictable way', 'equal means', 'shareholder rights', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'financial statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable assets', 'financial period', 'governing bodies', 'Tuesday 26 April', 'minority dividend', 'Remuneration Report', 'advance voting', 'Managing Directors', 'investor.digitalistgroup', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'company', 'Helsinki', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'accordance', 'person', 'Board', 'spread', 'force', '8 May', 'order', 'presence', 'health', 'safety', 'reasons', 'participants', 'CEO', 'addresses', 'management', 'webcast', 'AGENDA', 'Story', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'Chairman', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'Chapter', 'Sections', 'basis', 'information', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'year', '31 March', 'publications', 'website', 'investor/governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'equity', 'result', 'loss', 'discharge', 'members', 'Handling', 'grounds', '18:00']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2085,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear to be funded by Fnality to enhance strategy for Digital Technology https://t.co/4cwBMj9km5,nan,Euroclear to be funded by Fnality to enhance strategy for Digital Technology https://t.co/4cwBMj9km5,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Digital Technology', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'strategy', 'Digital Technology', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'strategy']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2086,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear  one of the 2 international securities depositories  makes an investment in Fnality  a blockchain-based… https://t.co/xIFrrWD6wf,nan,Euroclear  one of the 2 international securities depositories  makes an investment in Fnality  a blockchain-based… https://t.co/xIFrrWD6wf,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2 international securities depositories', 'Euroclear', 'investment', 'Fnality', 'blockchain-based', 'xIFrrWD6wf', '2 international securities depositories', 'Euroclear', 'investment', 'Fnality', 'blockchain-based', 'xIFrrWD6wf']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2087,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,CFPB’s questions to banks suggest new frontiers in fair-lending scrutiny #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RwZF5iZvIO #regtech,nan,CFPB’s questions to banks suggest new frontiers in fair-lending scrutiny #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RwZF5iZvIO #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['new frontiers', 'fair-lending scrutiny', 'CFPB', 'questions', 'banks', 'Fintech', 'RwZF5iZvIO', 'regtech', 'new frontiers', 'fair-lending scrutiny', 'CFPB', 'questions', 'banks', 'Fintech', 'RwZF5iZvIO', 'regtech']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2092,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/a-controversial-russian-bond-arbitrage-is-minting-near-guaranteed-profits-1.1746481,A Controversial Russian Bond Arbitrage Is Minting Near-Guaranteed Profits,1 day ago,(Bloomberg) -- The pitch from Wall Street sales desks to clients goes something like this: Block out the horrors of the war in Ukraine  and focus on the trading opportunity it has created. Years  even decades could go by  one hedge-fund firm recalls being told  before another relative-value trade this attractive comes along.For those comfortable with step one  the bet has indeed racked up quick gains. Known as a negative-basis trade  at its core it takes advantage of the near-unprecedented selloff in Russian debt since Vladimir Putin’s widely-condemned invasion. It involves buying beaten down government or corporate bonds along with corresponding credit-default swaps  which insure the debtholder in the event of non-payment.In normal times  the economics of such a transaction don’t make much sense. The cost of the debt and the hedges move inversely  typically offsetting each other. But for much of the past month  as institutional investors were rushing to offload their stakes in Russian assets amid mounting public outrage  bond prices were falling faster than the cost to hedge was rising.“It seems like a quasi-guaranteed trade ” said Jochen Felsenheimer  a managing director at XAIA Investment in Munich  where he trades both CDS and bonds. Felsenheimer said he’s observed “very active” buying and selling of negative basis  with packages seemingly assured to pay out at par quoted recently at 80 cents on the dollar.Rob Citrone’s $2.6 billion Discovery Capital Management is one of the firms taking advantage of the kink in the market. Discovery bought long-dated Russian government bonds at about 20 cents on the dollar  while also hedging with one-year CDS at a price of around 60 cents  according to a person with knowledge of the trade.In essence  if the country defaults  the firm can convert the near-worthless bonds into cash and pocket a substantial profit. And if it doesn’t  the notes could quadruple in value  or more. The arbitrage position accounts for a couple percentage points of Discovery’s portfolio  the person said.Other firms including Aurelius Capital Management  GoldenTree Asset Management and Silver Point Capital have been piling into Russian markets  primarily by snapping up corporate bonds  the Financial Times reported last week. And H2O Asset Management has told investors that it’s been adding to its Russian debt holdings  according to a client letter seen by Bloomberg.But ask around hedge fund circles and  beyond H2O  few will admit publicly or even privately that they’re getting into Russia. Discovery  Aurelius  GoldenTree and Silver Point all declined to comment for this story.Rarely has a trade elicited such fierce industry debate  according to distressed-debt veterans  a group known for its combative personalities and aggressive tactics. Not only about the moral and ethical repercussions but even more so over the inherent financial  legal and reputational risks that come with investing in the country.As much as firms are trying to cover their tracks  signs of their involvement are all over global debt markets.Volumes in Russian corporate bonds soared to their highest levels in two years last month  according to data from MarketAxess. Moreover trading of Russian credit-default swaps has surged  dwarfing other single-name contracts  Bloomberg data show.At the same time  the nation’s government bonds have almost tripled in value over the past three weeks  with dip buyers bidding up prices as the Kremlin manages to navigate a complex web of international roadblocks to ensure foreign creditors still get paid.“The appealing part for investors is the asymmetric payoff -- how much money you could make ” said Jean-Dominique Butikofer  head of emerging-markets fixed income at Voya Investment Management  which isn’t involved in the trade. He noted that some hedge funds did very well wagering on Russia in the aftermath of the country’s 1998 ruble devaluation and default. “That may be on their minds.”The steady climb in Russian bond prices in recent weeks has eroded some of the arbitrage opportunity in the negative-basis trade already. Bond and CDS packages more recently were being offered by sales desks for as much as 95 cents on the dollar  traders said. Others say they can still be had in the 70 cent range.‘Uninvestible’Yet for many  there’s seemingly no price that could compel them to get involved.The country “has become uninvestible for most in the West ” Marathon Asset Management’s Bruce Richards said in an interview. He noted that the firm doesn’t have any exposure to Russia outside of index products that will soon remove the country. “Russia may have the willingness and ability to pay its debts ” he said  but “this unimaginable aggression Putin and Russia have embarked upon will ultimately lead to a collapse of the Russian economy.”While an economic collapse may sound hyperbolic  mounting sanctions on Moscow are already beginning to take their toll. With half the nation’s foreign-exchange reserves frozen  the ruble plunged in early March. Inflation will surge to 18% over the course of the year  according to Bloomberg Economics  while the country’s GDP is expected to contract almost 10% in 2022.Even if Russia wants to pay its creditors  there remains the question of mechanics. While the Kremlin has managed to make interest payments on a handful of bonds over the past month  last week the country said operations via Clearstream  one of the biggest clearinghouses in the world  haven’t been going through after its account was blocked  raising questions over how easy it will be to send cash to creditors in the future.Settlement RiskThe negative-basis trade seemingly insulates investors from such risks. Still  some say the unorthodox language in certain Russia bond documents  along with uncertainty over sanctions  could raise issues about when default swap contracts are triggered and how they are settled.Future U.S. Treasury restrictions on Russian bonds  for example  could make the debt non-deliverable at CDS auctions  complicating the ability of holders to get paid.Jay Newman  the hedge fund veteran behind Elliott Management’s 15-year battle with Argentina following that nation’s default  said in an interview with Bloomberg that even experts in sovereign debt can’t make reasonable bets on Russia given the extreme variables at play.“It’s something no one in the distressed sovereign or corporate market has ever seen before ” he said of Russia’s default prospects  noting in particular the atypical immunity clauses the government has maintained in its debt documents  protecting it from foreign lawsuits. “Specialist investors have never faced something like this  and crossover investors have certainly never faced it.”There’s another  less tangible risk that fund managers must consider  warned Newman. Firms face long-term reputational damage by linking their names to Russia. That’s why many public institutions and pensions were quick dump Russian assets at the outset of the war. “There’s a lot of pressure being brought to bear on managers to not have Russia on their books ” Newman said.To avoid backlash  some fund managers have created private side accounts for clients seeking Russian investments  according to people with familiar with the matter. The vehicles are meant to keep securities out of primary funds where they could attract criticism from other clients.Julian Brigden  a managing partner at hedge-fund consultant Macro Intelligence 2 Partners  said some U.S. money managers have been weighing the merits of setting up offshore structures in order to buy Russian assets.Others  he said  “would never in a million years” expose themselves to such a high level of scrutiny.©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,mixed,0.06,0.14,0.8,True,English,"['Controversial Russian Bond Arbitrage', 'Guaranteed Profits', 'Wall Street sales desks', 'one hedge-fund firm recalls', '$2.6 billion Discovery Capital Management', 'dated Russian government bonds', 'Marathon Asset Management', 'corresponding credit-default swaps', 'couple percentage points', 'fierce industry debate', 'emerging-markets fixed income', 'Russian credit-default swaps', 'Voya Investment Management', 'mounting public outrage', 'Aurelius Capital Management', 'inherent financial, legal', 'other single-name contracts', 'Silver Point Capital', 'GoldenTree Asset Management', 'H2O Asset Management', 'hedge fund circles', 'past three weeks', 'Russian debt holdings', 'global debt markets', 'Russian corporate bonds', 'Russian bond prices', 'Russian markets', 'Russian assets', 'Russian economy', 'past month', 'XAIA Investment', 'Financial Times', 'recent weeks', 'mounting sanctions', 'worthless bonds', 'quick gains', 'unprecedented selloff', 'normal times', 'managing director', 'negative basis', 'Rob Citrone', 'substantial profit', 'arbitrage position', 'client letter', 'distressed-debt veterans', 'combative personalities', 'aggressive tactics', 'ethical repercussions', 'reputational risks', 'highest levels', 'same time', 'dip buyers', 'complex web', 'international roadblocks', 'foreign creditors', 'appealing part', 'asymmetric payoff', 'Jean-Dominique Butikofer', 'hedge funds', 'steady climb', 'arbitrage opportunity', '70 cent range', 'Bruce Richards', 'index products', 'unimaginable aggression', 'foreign-exchange reserves', 'early March', 'Other firms', 'one-year CDS', 'trading opportunity', 'Vladimir Putin', 'Jochen Felsenheimer', 'two years', '1998 ruble devaluation', 'economic collapse', 'relative-value trade', 'negative-basis trade', 'institutional investors', 'CDS packages', 'Bloomberg data', 'pitch', 'clients', 'something', 'horrors', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'decades', 'attractive', 'step', 'bet', 'core', 'advantage', 'invasion', 'debtholder', 'event', 'non', 'payment', 'economics', 'transaction', 'sense', 'cost', 'hedges', 'stakes', 'guaranteed', 'Munich', '80 cents', 'dollar', 'kink', '20 cents', '60 cents', 'knowledge', 'essence', 'country', 'cash', 'notes', 'portfolio', 'story', 'group', 'moral', 'investing', 'tracks', 'signs', 'involvement', 'Volumes', 'MarketAxess', 'Kremlin', 'money', 'head', 'aftermath', 'minds', '95 cents', 'traders', 'Others', 'West', 'interview', 'exposure', 'willingness', 'ability', 'debts', 'Moscow', 'toll', 'half', 'Inflation', 'course']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,bnnbloomberg.ca
2096,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,As Russian sovereign debt payments manage to be processed through JPMorgan  despite Clearstream blocking the Nation… https://t.co/HtDeZtnfho,nan,As Russian sovereign debt payments manage to be processed through JPMorgan  despite Clearstream blocking the Nation… https://t.co/HtDeZtnfho,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Russian sovereign debt payments', 'JPMorgan', 'Clearstream', 'Nation', 'HtDeZtnfho', 'Russian sovereign debt payments', 'JPMorgan', 'Clearstream', 'Nation', 'HtDeZtnfho']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2097,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna 50+ miles! #eBay🇺🇸 #Electronics https://t.co/nCn4ykqLU7,nan,NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna 50+ miles! #eBay🇺🇸 #Electronics https://t.co/nCn4ykqLU7,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna', '+ miles', 'eBay', 'Electronics', 'nCn4ykqLU7', 'NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna', '+ miles', 'eBay', 'Electronics', 'nCn4ykqLU7']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2098,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Site Administratorat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.Job Description Are you a driven and motivated team player D… https://t.co/HCf8lFUALk,nan,Site Administratorat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.Job Description Are you a driven and motivated team player D… https://t.co/HCf8lFUALk,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'motivated team player D', 'Site Administrator', 'Job Description', 'driven', 'HCf8lFUALk', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'motivated team player D', 'Site Administrator', 'Job Description', 'driven', 'HCf8lFUALk']",2022-03-31,2022-04-02,Unknown
2101,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/gl6BuTsZeM,nan,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/gl6BuTsZeM,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'gl6BuTsZeM', 'Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'gl6BuTsZeM']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2102,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-international-n-v-announces-100000432.html,ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 2022 AGM MATERIALS,Almere  the NetherlandsApril 1  2022 ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General...,ASM International NVAlmere  the NetherlandsApril 1  2022ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for May 16  2022 (AGM)  is now available on the Company's website. This information includes the convocation  the agenda and annexes thereto. The U.S. market proxy materials for holders of New York Registry Shares are also posted on our website. ASM also announces that Mr. Martin van Pernis will be succeeded by Mrs. Pauline van der Meer Mohr as chairperson of the Supervisory Board following the AGM.The AGM will commence at 2:00 p.m. CET.The AGM will be a hybrid meeting that can be attended in person or virtually by shareholders. As in previous years  our shareholders are also offered the possibility to exercise their voting rights by proxy and to follow the meeting through our live webcast.In the event COVID-19 would require for health reasons that the meeting is to be held solely virtually and this would be accommodated by the Dutch legislation  then instructions will be made available on the website: www.asm.com.The agenda for the AGM includes  amongst others  the proposals to appoint Mr. Hichem M’Saad as additional member of the Management Board  change the remuneration policy for the Management Board and Supervisory Board  re-appoint Mr. Marc de Jong as member of the Supervisory Board for another term of four years  approve the proposal to declare a regular dividend of €2.50 per common share  and approval of the annual accounts of 2021.In accordance with applicable legal requirements in the Netherlands the record date for the AGM is April 18  2022. The total number of issued shares in ASM International N.V. as per today amounts to 49 297 394 common shares. Considering the number of shares held in treasury as per today  amounting to 717 340 shares  the number of voting shares amounts to 48 580 054.At the end of the AGM  Mr. van Pernis will retire from the Supervisory Board after 12 years  and the last year as chairperson. The Supervisory Board has appointed Mrs. Pauline van der Meer Mohr to become the chairperson of the Supervisory Board following the AGM.Story continuesMr. van Pernis commented: “It was a real pleasure being part of the Supervisory Board over the last 12 years of which the last year as chairperson. The growth of the company during this time has been tremendous. I enjoyed being part of this and experiencing the progress on the technological front  and the enthusiasm and entrepreneurship of the Management Board and all employees. I wish the Management Board  Supervisory Board and all other colleagues all the best in the future. Last but not least I wish Pauline all the best as my successor as chairperson.”Mrs. Pauline van der Meer Mohr commented: “First of all I would like to thank Martin for all of his contributions over the past 12 years. He has made many contributions with his extensive knowledge and experience. Furthermore  I am really looking forward to succeeding him as chairperson of the Supervisory Board and to continue with the entire Supervisory Board to contribute to the execution of the Growth through Innovation strategy. I wish Martin a well-deserved retirement.”About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.63,0.16,0.21,True,English,"['ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES', '2022 AGM MATERIALS', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'Mrs. Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'The U.S. market proxy materials', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Mr. Hichem M’Saad', 'Mr. Marc de Jong', 'Mr. Martin van Pernis', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'New York Registry Shares', 'Mr. van Pernis', 'applicable legal requirements', 'common stock trades', 'ASM International NV', 'The Supervisory Board', 'entire Supervisory Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'annual accounts', 'common share', 'The AGM', 'The Company', 'Management Board', 'voting rights', 'live webcast', 'health reasons', 'Dutch legislation', 'remuneration policy', 'regular dividend', 'record date', 'real pleasure', 'technological front', 'other colleagues', 'extensive knowledge', 'Innovation strategy', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'voting shares', 'previous years', 'four years', 'past 12 years', 'hybrid meeting', 'additional member', 'many contributions', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'future developments', 'media contact', 'total number', 'last 12 years', '717,340 shares', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'information', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'website', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'annexes', 'chairperson', 'CET', 'possibility', 'event', 'COVID', 'instructions', 'others', 'proposals', 'term', 'approval', 'accordance', 'today', 'treasury', 'Story', 'part', 'growth', 'time', 'progress', 'enthusiasm', 'entrepreneurship', 'employees', 'successor', 'experience', 'execution', 'retirement', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Investor', '2:00']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2103,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-euroapi-listing-euronext-053000047.html,Press Release: EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris expected on May 6  2022,EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris expected on May 6  2022 French AMF approved EUROAPI’s listing prospectus EUROAPI first day of trading expected to occur on ...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeEUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris expected on May 6  2022French AMF approved EUROAPI’s listing prospectusEUROAPI first day of trading expected to occur on May 6  2022 subject to the approval of the Distribution by the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 3  2022Sanofi will host today a dedicated Capital Markets Day at 1:30 pm CET to present EUROAPI’s business in greater detailThe Distribution ratio will be one (1) EUROAPI share per twenty three (23) Sanofi sharesAfter the Distribution  Sanofi has confirmed its intention to hold circa 30% of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI  and EPIC Bpifrance  acting on behalf of the French State under the French Tech Sovereignty Convention of December 11  2020  would hold 12% of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI and circa 58% of EUROAPI’s shares will be distributed via a dividend in kind. L’Oréal  Sanofi’s largest shareholder  has committed to a lock-up period of 1 year following the settlement of the Distribution  i.e.  May 10  2022Paris  April 1  2022. Sanofi announced today that the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) has approved the listing prospectus prepared by EUROAPI in connection with the intended listing of its shares on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.On March 17th  2022  Sanofi’s Board of Directors unanimously decided to submit for approval to its shareholders the proposed distribution in kind (the “Distribution”) of EUROAPI shares  via an additional extraordinary dividend  exclusively in kind  in addition to the previously proposed €3.33 cash dividend per Sanofi share. The Distribution relates to circa 58% of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI. In connection with the proposed Distribution  EPIC Bpifrance has agreed to purchase 12% of EUROAPI shares1 from Sanofi  which confirmed its intention to hold circa 30% of the share capital and voting rights of the company after the Distribution.Story continuesThe Distribution by Sanofi to its shareholders of EUROAPI shares in the form of an additional extraordinary dividend  exclusively in kind  is subject to the shareholders’ approval at Sanofi’s May 3  2022 Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting.Subject to certain customary exceptions  the following lock-up periods have been agreed:2 years for Sanofi and EPIC Bpifrance following the settlement and delivery of the EUROAPI shares to be sold to EPIC Bpifrance; and1 year for L’Oréal  Sanofi’s largest shareholder and for Karl Rotthier  CEO of the Company  following the settlement of the Distribution.Main features of the Distribution are as follows:The Distribution ratio will be one (1) EUROAPI share per twenty three (23) Sanofi shares.No fractional EUROAPI shares will be issued. Any right to receive a fractional share will not be tradable or transferable. Consequently  when the amount of the Distribution to which a Sanofi shareholder is entitled does not correspond to a whole number of EUROAPI shares (i.e.  less than twenty three (23) or a multiple of twenty three (23) Sanofi shares)  the shareholder will receive the immediately lower number of EUROAPI shares  plus a cash payment for the whole of the balance arising from the price at which EUROAPI shares corresponding to fractional shares were sold. Each financial intermediary will sell the shares corresponding to the fractional shares of its entitled clients. As a result  the amount of the cash balance may vary depending on the shareholder’s financial intermediary;The technical reference price of EUROAPI shares is expected to be announced on May 5  2022 by Euronext Paris after market close;The admission to trading of the EUROAPI shares and the ex-date (détachement) of the Distribution will occur at 9.00 am (CET) on May 6  2022;The record date (the date on which positions are closed) for Sanofi shares to be eligible to the Distribution is scheduled on May 9  2022;Payment of the Distribution (delivery and book-entry of the allocated EUROAPI shares) will take place on May 10  2022.Following the Distribution and the purchase of 12% of EUROAPI shares by EPIC Bpifrance  the Sanofi group will no longer control EUROAPI  resulting in a slightly accretive impact on Sanofi 2022 business operating income (BOI) margin2.Documents related to Sanofi shareholders’ meeting will be made available on April 11  2022 on the Sanofi dedicated web page.Investors are invited to read EUROAPI’s press release  issued concurrently and available on EUROAPI’s website announcing the AMF’s approval of its prospectus  and the listing prospectus in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with any decision to invest in EUROAPI shares. EUROAPI draws attention to the risk factors contained in Chapter 3 and Section 22.2 of the listing prospectus. The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a significant adverse effect on the business  reputation  financial condition  results of operations or prospects of EUROAPI  as well as on the market price of EUROAPI’s shares.For information on the tax treatment of the Distribution  shareholders are invited to read Paragraph 22.1.6 of the listing prospectus.Copies of the French-language listing prospectus  approved by the AMF on March 31  2022 under number 22-076  are available free of charge and on request from EUROAPI at EUROAPI’s registered office  15 rue Traversière  75012 Paris  France  as well as on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  Sanofi (https://www.sanofi.com) and EUROAPI (listing.euroapi.com). An English-language information document for non-French resident shareholders of Sanofi is also available on Sanofi’s and EUROAPI’s website.BNP Paribas  BofA Securities Europe SA  and J.P. Morgan SE are acting as Lead ECM Advisors to EUROAPI and Sanofi and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  Deutsche Bank  Natixis SA and Société Générale are acting as Other ECM Advisors in the contemplated listing. Rothschild & Co. is acting as independent financial adviser to Sanofi and EUROAPI. Jones Day is acting as a legal advisor to EUROAPI and Sanofi in connection with the Distribution  and White & Case as legal advisor to the Lead ECM Advisors.Capital Markets Day detailsToday  Sanofi will host a EUROAPI-dedicated Capital Markets Day at 1:30 pm CET and will cover the following topics:Execution of the Play to Win strategy with the spin-off of EUROAPIMain features of the DistributionSanofi’s long-term commitment to EUROAPI: strong business relationship and future ownership structure alongside with EPIC BpifranceEUROAPI’s deconsolidation impact for SanofiPresentation of EUROAPI  including its business model  strategy and guidance.For background slides and webcast information  please refer to the following link on Sanofi website:https://www.sanofi.com/en/investors/financial-results-and-events/investor-presentations/Capital-Markets-Day-on-Euroapi-Webinar-2022.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor Relationsinvestor.relations@sanofi.comFrance: + 33 1 53 77 45 45 | U.S.: + 1 908 981 5560Shareholders hotlineFrance : + 33 8 05 29 21 06International : + 33 9 86 87 80 65NoticeThis press release is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and shares of EUROAPI will be distributed in circumstances that do not constitute “an offer to the public” within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. This press release constitutes an advertisement for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation relating to the intention of EUROAPI to proceed with its proposed listing on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (the “Admission”). This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in France  the United Kingdom  the United States of America  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdiction. No communication and no information in respect of the dividend distribution of the shares of EUROAPI (the “Shares”) may be sent to the public in any jurisdiction where a registration or approval is required. Any distribution of the Shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Neither Sanofi nor EUROAPI assumes any responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. Further details about the Admission are included in the listing prospectus issued by EUROAPI (the “Prospectus”). Investors should read the Prospectus in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with any decision to invest in the Shares  including the risk factors included in the Prospectus. The approval of the Prospectus by the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) should not be understood as an endorsement of the quality of the Shares and/or EUROAPI  including its financial position.The ECM Advisors are acting exclusively for EUROAPI and Sanofi and no one else in connection with the contemplated distribution and listing and will not regard any other person as their respective clients and will not be responsible to anyone other than EUROAPI and Sanofi for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients in connection with any distribution of shares of EUROAPI or otherwise  nor for providing any advice in relation to the distribution of shares  the content of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein. None of the ECM Advisors or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from this press release) or any other information relating to EUROAPI  Sanofi  their respective subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Notice to holders of American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”)As the record holder for all Sanofi shares represented by ADRs  JP Morgan  as Depositary  will receive shares of EUROAPI in the Distribution on behalf of Sanofi’s ADR holders. The Depositary has deemed that the distribution of EUROAPI shares to ADR holders is not feasible. Accordingly  pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement between the Depositary  Sanofi and the owners and beneficial owners of American Depositary Receipts  the Depositary will sell the EUROAPI shares and distribute the net cash proceeds of the sale to ADR holders on the relevant record date.Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things Sanofi’s and EUROAPI’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions (notably the planned distribution of 58% of EUROAPI share capital and its listing on the regulated market of Euronext Paris) and/or obtain regulatory clearances  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 and recent armed conflicts will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 or recent armed conflicts on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statementsRoundingCertain calculated figures (including data expressed in thousands or millions) and percentages presented in this press release have been rounded. Where applicable  the totals presented in this this press release may slightly differ from the totals that would have been obtained by adding the exact amounts (not rounded) for these calculated figures. They may also differ from the figures that are not rounded presented in the Prospectus.1 EPIC Bpifrance has agreed to purchase 12% in EUROAPI shares from Sanofi for up to €150 million  with the acquisition price to be determined based upon the thirty day volume weighted average trading price (“VWAP”) of EUROAPI’s shares on Euronext Paris  starting on the first day of trading.2 Business Operating Income margin is a non GAAP indicator  for a definition see Form 20-F 2021 Item 5 A.1.5. 2/ p55.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,mixed,0.16,0.32,0.53,True,English,"['Press Release', 'EUROAPI listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'May', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Tech Sovereignty Convention', 'Sanofi dedicated web page', 'dedicated Capital Markets Day', 'twenty three (23) Sanofi shares', 'Sanofi 2022 business operating income', 'L’Oréal', 'significant adverse effect', 'following lock-up periods', 'additional extraordinary dividend', 'EUROAPI first day', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'technical reference price', 'Sanofi shareholders’ meeting', 'one (1) EUROAPI share', 'fractional EUROAPI shares', 'March 17th', 'French State', 'French AMF', 'share capital', 'fractional share', '€3.33 cash dividend', 'Aventis Groupe', 'greater detail', 'voting rights', 'EPIC Bpifrance', 'intended listing', 'regulated market', 'customary exceptions', 'Karl Rotthier', 'Main features', 'financial intermediary', 'entitled clients', 'market close', 'détachement', 'Sanofi group', 'accretive impact', 'BOI) margin', 'press release', 'risk factors', 'financial condition', 'market price', 'listing prospectus', 'Euronext Paris', 'EUROAPI listing', 'EUROAPI shares1', 'largest shareholder', 'lower number', 'cash payment', 'cash balance', 'potential risks', 'shareholders’ approval', 'record date', 'Distribution ratio', 'May', 'trading', 'intention', 'behalf', 'December', 'kind', '1 year', 'settlement', 'April', 'connection', 'Board', 'Directors', 'company', 'Story', 'The', 'form', '2022 Ordinary', '2 years', 'delivery', 'CEO', 'amount', 'result', 'admission', 'CET', 'positions', 'book-entry', 'place', 'purchase', 'Documents', 'Investors', 'website', 'order', 'rewards', 'decision', 'attention', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'occurrence', 'reputation', 'operations', 'prospects', '1:30', '9.00']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2104,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-announces-positive-data-phase-154500560.html,Pharming Announces Positive Data from Phase II/III Leniolisib Trial Presented at Clinical Immunology Society 2022 Annual Meeting,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces new data from the pivotal Phase II/III trial of...","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 1  2022 /CNW/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces new data from the pivotal Phase II/III trial of leniolisib for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a primary immunodeficiency. Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao  M.D.  a staff physician in the Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda  Maryland  shared the findings in a presentation at the Clinical Immunology Society (CIS) 2022 Annual Meeting.Pharming Group N.V. logoAs announced on February 2  2022  the multinational  triple-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized  Phase III portion of the clinical trial  conducted by Novartis  met its co-primary endpoints  which evaluated reduction in lymph node size and correction of immunodeficiency. The shrinking of lymphadenopathy lesions and increased proportion of naïve B cells are important in this population  as they indicate a reduction in APDS disease markers. Presented for the first time at CIS  the co-primary endpoints at day 85 after baseline demonstrated:In the index lymphadenopathy lesions  a statistically significant adjusted mean change in the log10 transformed sum of product of diameters (SPD) of -0.30 among patients who received leniolisib compared with -0.06 among patients who received placebo (95% CI: -0.37  -0.11; p=0.0012).From a baseline level of ˂48%  an increase of 34.76% in the proportion of naïve B cells in patients who received leniolisib versus a -5.37% decrease in patients who received placebo (95% CI: 28.51  51.75; p˂0.0001).The study drug was well-tolerated. There were no adverse events that led to discontinuation of study treatment  there were no deaths  and the incidence of serious adverse events (SAEs) was lower in the leniolisib group than in the placebo group. None of the SAEs were suspected to be related to study treatment.Story continuesCharlotte Cunningham-Rundles  M.D.  Ph.D.  David S. Gottesman Professor of Immunology at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York  said:""It is great news that leniolisib has achieved such positive results in this Phase III study in APDS. It is extremely encouraging to see that this medication is capable of targeting the cause of this difficult disease  both improving care and reducing patients' symptoms. Progress toward a treatment that is tailor-made for our patients with APDS is a milestone we have long awaited.""Pharming plans to begin submitting global regulatory filings for leniolisib in the second quarter of 2022 and  subject to approval  launching the treatment in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2023 and starting a series of European launches in the second half of 2023.Anurag Relan  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""Pharming is delighted that leniolisib achieved significance in both co-primary endpoints and was well tolerated in these APDS patients  as the product's approval would address an unmet need for those with this rare disease  who currently rely on supportive therapies such as antibiotics and immunoglobulin replacement therapy. In addition to working closely with regulatory authorities across the globe to make leniolisib available to immunologists  hematologists  and their patients  we will continue to develop this treatment through our open-label extension study and two additional studies that will enroll children under the age of 12  as well as potentially extending the geographic reach of the product.""About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately one to two people per million. Also known as PASLI  it is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.1 2 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 3 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K with immunomodulating and potentially anti-neoplastic activities. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger specifically activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for several immune diseases.To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. is a global  commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative protein replacement therapies and precision medicines for the treatment of rare diseases and unmet medical needs.The flagship of our portfolio is our recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH) franchise. C1INH is a naturally occurring protein that down regulates the complement and contact cascades in order to control inflammation in affected tissues.Our lead product  RUCONEST®  is the first and only plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy. It is approved for the treatment of acute hereditary angioedema (HAE) attacks. We are commercializing RUCONEST® in the United States  the European Union and the United Kingdom through our own sales and marketing organization  and the rest of the world through our distribution network.In addition  we are investigating the clinical efficacy of rhC1INH in the treatment of further indications  including pre-eclampsia  acute kidney injury and severe pneumonia as a result of COVID-19 infections.We are also studying our oral precision medicine  leniolisib (a phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta  or PI3K delta  inhibitor)  for the treatment of activated PI3K delta syndrome  or APDS. World-wide rights for leniolisib were licensed from Novartis AG in 2019. Leniolisib met both of its primary end points in a registration enabling Phase 2/3 study in the United States and Europe. We are targeting global regulatory filings for leniolisib from Q2 2022 onwards.Additionally  we entered into a strategic collaboration with Orchard Therapeutics to research  develop  manufacture and commercialize OTL-105  a newly disclosed investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) gene therapy for the treatment of HAE.Furthermore  we are leveraging our transgenic manufacturing technology to develop next-generation protein replacement therapies  most notably for Pompe disease  which is currently in preclinical development.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources. These statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including but not limited to: the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2020 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.References:Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsSijmen de Vries  CEO: T: +31 71 524 7400Susanne Embleton  Investor Relations Manager: T: +31 71 524 7400 E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PR:Emily VanLareE: Emily.VanLare@precisionvh.comT: +1 (203) 985 5596EU PR:Dan CaleyE: Dan.caley@aprilsix.comT: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1454235/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-positive-data-from-phase-iiiii-leniolisib-trial-presented-at-clinical-immunology-society-2022-annual-meeting-301515436.htmlSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.CisionView original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/01/c3127.html",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.57,0.13,0.29,True,English,"['Phase II/III Leniolisib Trial', 'Clinical Immunology Society', 'Positive Data', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'Pharming', 'multinational, triple-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, Phase III portion', 'Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao', 'Pharming Group N.V. logo', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'pivotal Phase II/III trial', 'naïve B cells', 'David S. Gottesman Professor', 'activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic', 'one to two people', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Phase III study', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'white blood cells', 'lymph node size', 'Mount Sinai School', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'immunoglobulin replacement therapy', 'two additional studies', 'physiological immune function', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'global regulatory filings', 'open-label extension study', 'CIS) 2022 Annual Meeting', 'index lymphadenopathy lesions', 'serious adverse events', 'permanent lung damage', 'class IA PI3K', 'Clinical Immunology Society', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'APDS disease markers', 'immune cells', 'clinical trial', 'delta isoform', 'U.S.', 'rare disease', 'placebo group', 'primary endpoints', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'study drug', 'regulatory authorities', 'two genes', 'leniolisib group', 'Pharming plans', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'difficult disease', 'progressive disease', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'new data', 'M.D.', 'staff physician', 'National Institutes', 'mean change', 'log10 transformed', 'Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles', 'Ph.D.', 'New York', 'great news', 'positive results', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'European launches', 'second half', 'Anurag Relan', 'unmet need', 'supportive therapies', 'geographic reach', 'Balanced signaling', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'anti-neoplastic activities', 'study treatment', 'first time', 'baseline level', ""patients' symptoms"", 'APDS patients', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Health', 'Bethesda', 'Maryland', 'findings', 'presentation', 'February', 'Novartis', 'reduction', 'correction', 'shrinking', 'increased', 'proportion', 'population', 'day', 'significant', 'sum', 'product', 'diameters', 'SPD', 'discontinuation', 'deaths', 'incidence', 'SAEs', 'None', 'Story', 'Medicine', 'medication', 'cause', 'care', 'milestone', 'approval', 'series', 'significance', 'antibiotics', 'globe', 'immunologists', 'hematologists', 'children', 'million', 'PASLI', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'variety', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'lymphoma', 'immunomodulating', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2105,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-share-buyback-program-liquidity-060000439.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 24 March 2022 to 30 March 2022 Share Buyback Program In the context of the share ...,BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 24 March 2022 to 30 March 2022Share Buyback ProgramIn the context of the share buyback program of Bekaert  announced on 25 February 2022   the first tranche of €30 million started on 18 March 2022 .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 24 March 2022 to 30 March 2022  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 119 438 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the first tranche of the share buyback program during the period from 24 March 2022 and 30 March 2022:Repurchase of sharesDate Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Price paid (€) Lowest Price paid (€) Total Amount (€) 24 March 2022 Euronext Brussels 16 590 35.77 36.32 35.42 593 408 MTF CBOE 9 052 35.72 36.30 35.48 323 381 MTF Aquis 417 35.69 35.84 35.50 14 882 MTF Turquoise 2 303 35.71 36.24 35.44 82 234 25 March 2022 Euronext Brussels 9 586 35.63 35.84 35.42 341 503 MTF CBOE 6 633 35.61 35.84 35.40 236 205 MTF Aquis 567 35.58 35.70 35.50 20 176 MTF Turquoise 1 937 35.64 35.76 35.50 69 030 28 March 2022 Euronext Brussels 14 043 35.83 36.16 35.62 503 163 MTF CBOE 7 230 35.78 36.18 35.62 258 719 MTF Aquis 629 35.88 36.18 35.68 22 567 MTF Turquoise 1 243 35.79 36.06 35.68 44 489 29 March 2022 Euronext Brussels 15 000 36.34 36.58 35.84 545 160 MTF CBOE 4 343 36.35 36.60 36.06 157 866 MTF Aquis 380 36.37 36.50 36.20 13 819 MTF Turquoise 1 285 36.34 36.54 36.10 46 698 30 March 2022 Euronext Brussels 14 800 35.52 36.14 35.32 525 660 MTF CBOE 9 000 35.48 35.84 35.34 319 304 MTF Aquis 2 100 35.44 35.72 35.34 74 415 MTF Turquoise 2 300 35.45 35.70 35.32 81 535 Total 119 438 35.79 36.60 35.32 4 274 213As announced on 25 February 2022 and 18 March 2022  the purpose of the program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. All shares repurchased as part of the program will be cancelled.Liquidity agreementStory continuesIn the context of the liquidity agreement entered into by Bekaert with Kepler Cheuvreux on 2 September 2021 (see press release of 3 September 2021)   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 18 036 shares during the period from 24 March 2022 to 30 March 2022 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 601 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 24 March 2022 to 30 March 2022:Purchase of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 24 March 2022 8 936 35.67 36.38 35.50 318 747 25 March 2022 2 000 35.45 35.50 35.40 70 900 28 March 2022 2 100 35.60 35.70 35.50 74 760 29 March 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 30 March 2022 5 000 35.60 36.20 35.40 178 000 Total 18 036 - - - 642 407Sale of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 24 March 2022 1 36.38 36.38 36.38 36 25 March 2022 300 35.80 35.80 35.80 10 740 28 March 2022 800 36.10 36.20 36.00 28 880 29 March 2022 4 500 36.36 36.60 36.00 163 620 30 March 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 5 601 - - - 203 276The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 74 932 shares.On 30 March 2022 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 097 963 own shares  or 5.12 % of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'shares Date Market Number', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'first tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Aquis', '882 MTF Turquoise', '819 MTF Turquoise', 'press release', 'total number', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '535 Total', '119 438 shares', '18 036 shares', '5 601 shares', '74 932 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '24 March', '30 March', 'context', '25 February', '18 March', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'March 2022', 'purpose', 'company', 'part', 'Story', '2 September', '3 September', '25 March', '29 March', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '205', '097 963']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2106,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coface-sa-disclosure-total-number-154500415.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 March 2022,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 March 2022 Paris  1st April 2022 – 17.45 Total Number of ...,About CofaceCOFACE SA is a société anonyme (joint-stock corporation)  with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) incorporated under the laws of France  and is governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. The Company is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) under the number 432 413 599. The Company’s registered office is at 1 Place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois Colombes  France.At the date of 31 March 2022  the Company’s share capital amounts to €300 359 584  divided into 150 179 792 shares  all of the same class  and all of which are fully paid up and subscribed.All regulated information is available on the company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors).Coface SA. is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment AISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', '31\xa0March', 'société anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Sociétés', 'joint-stock corporation', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'Registre du', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', '92270 Bois Colombes', 'share capital', 'same class', 'regulated information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'COFACE SA', 'The Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'laws', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Bellonte', 'date', '31 March', '150,179,792 shares', 'website', 'Investors', 'ISIN', 'Ticker']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2107,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-availability-preparatory-information-combined-080000008.html,Nexans: Availability of the preparatory information for the combined shareholders’ meeting of May 11th 2022,Nexans: Availability of the preparatory information for the combined shareholders’ meeting of may 11th 2022 _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris La Défense  on April 1st...,NexansNexans: Availability of the preparatory information for the combined shareholders’ meeting of may 11th 2022_PRESS RELEASE_Paris La Défense  on April 1st  2022 – The shareholders of Nexans are informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held May 11th 2022 at 2.30 p.m at Auditorium 3 Mazarium  3 rue Mazarine  75006 Paris  France. The meeting will be broadcast live and be made available on the Company’s website.The prior notice of this meeting was published on March 30th  2022  on the official journal (Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires). It includes the draft agenda and draft resolutions as well as the conditions for participating and voting at the Meeting.Documents and information related to this Shareholders’ Meeting are available to shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. They are available online on the Company’s website www.nexans.com  Investors / Shareholders / 2022 Annual General Meeting section.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrify the future. With around 25 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2021  Nexans generated 6.1 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Building & Territories  High Voltage & Projects  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans is the first company of its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationElyette Rouxelyette.roux@nexans.comMinaa El BazTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 65minaa.el_baz@nexans.com Investor relationsAurélia Baudey-VignaudTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 94aurelia.baudey-vignaud@nexans.comElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachmentStory continues,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['preparatory information', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'May 11th 2022', 'Nexans', 'Availability', 'combined', 'four main business areas', 'Paris La Défense', '2022 Annual General Meeting section', 'Annonces Légales', 'Aurélia Baudey-Vignaud', 'Elyette Roux elyette', 'Minaa El Baz', 'combined shareholders’ meeting', 'Euronext Paris', 'may 11th 2022', 'April 1st', '3 rue Mazarine', 'prior notice', 'March 30th', 'official journal', 'Bulletin des', 'draft agenda', 'draft resolutions', 'applicable laws', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', '6.1 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'cable systems', 'High Voltage', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'The Group', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'preparatory information', 'first company', '75006 Paris', 'Nexans', 'Availability', 'Auditorium', '3 Mazarium', 'France', 'website', 'Obligatoires', 'conditions', 'Documents', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Investors', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '25,000 people', '42 countries', 'charge', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'Building', 'Territories', 'Projects', 'Industry', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'aurelia', 'Attachment', 'Story', '2.30']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2108,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-announces-closing-major-strategic-060000112.html,Worldline announces the closing of its major strategic commercial acquiring alliance with ANZ Bank in Australia,Worldline announces the closing of its major strategic commercial acquiring alliance with ANZ Bank in Australia Paris La Défense  April 1st  2022 – Worldline...,WORLDLINE SAWorldline announces the closing of its major strategic commercial acquiring alliance with ANZ Bank in AustraliaParis La Défense  April 1st  2022 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in the payments industry  today announces the completion of the acquisition of a controlling stake in the commercial acquiring business of ANZ and the creation of a 51%-49% joint-venture controlled by Worldline to operate and develop commercial acquiring services in Australia with ANZ Bank  one of the largest banks in Asia-Pacific and Australia’s 3rd largest acquirer with a c. 20% share of transaction volumes processed in Australia1.Australia is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline with favorable dynamics  a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. Furthermore  with a cash penetration still high  the Australian market offers an attractive growth opportunity driven by the shift from cash to card.Similar to Europe in terms of market structure  payment standards and technology  the Australian payment market is large and dynamic. It has a high level adoption of electronic payments and is ranked #4 globally for payment terminals per capita  with consumer use of contactless cards and digital wallets amongst the highest in the world.The new joint-venture is a unique opportunity for Worldline to significantly expand its merchant acquiring business outside of Europe  with direct access to an existing and high quality merchants’ portfolio  and at the same time to generate significant synergies due to enhanced scale by leveraging the Group’s payment technologies.The combination of ANZ’s strong market position and Worldline’s global scale  best-in-class technologies and payment expertise will allow the alliance to grow revenue at a double-digit rate in the coming years. This accelerated growth rate will be delivered through cross and up-sell opportunities based on innovative solutions such as digital onboarding  Alternative Payment Methods (APM)  fraud detection  online and omnichannel capabilities  while leveraging the existing merchant portfolio.Story continuesWith annual revenue of c. € 180 million with expected double-digit organic growth CAGR over the next 5 years and an OMDA margin of c. 20% expected at closing  a robust integration and platform development program will be implemented at closing with the objective to reach € 25 million additional OMDA by 2025. The synergy plan is mainly based on the re-use approach of Worldline’s proven payment modules with the implementation of a targeted platform bringing innovative European market standard payment applications in Australia.Forthcoming eventsApril 27  2022 Q1 2022 revenueJune 9  2022 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 27  2022 H1 2022 resultsOctober 25  2022 Q3 2022 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2021 Worldline generated a proforma revenue close to 4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviours. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2020 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 13  2021 under the filling number: D.21-0303 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2021 under the filling number: D. 21-0303-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Credit  Debit and Chargecard turnover  ANZ internal and RBA dataAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.24,0.31,0.45,True,English,"['major strategic commercial acquiring alliance', 'ANZ Bank', 'Worldline', 'closing', 'Australia', 'innovative European market standard payment applications', 'major strategic commercial acquiring alliance', 'Paris La Défense', '2022 Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'secure payment transaction processing', 'double-digit organic growth CAGR', 'high quality merchants’ portfolio', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'commercial acquiring business', 'merchant acquiring business', 'commercial acquiring services', 'cashless payment methods', 'Alternative Payment Methods', 'online commercial acquiring', 'growing addressable market', 'strong market position', '3rd largest acquirer', 'high level adoption', 'existing merchant portfolio', 'platform development program', '€ 25 million additional OMDA', 'leading digital payment', 'Australian payment market', 'accelerated growth rate', 'sustainable economic growth', 'numerous digital services', 'attractive growth opportunity', 'strategic market', 'double-digit rate', 'Australian market', 'innovative solutions', 'transaction volumes', 'payment standards', 'payment terminals', 'payment technologies', 'payment expertise', 'payment modules', 'market structure', 'market conditions', 'annual revenue', 'expected growth', 'digital wallets', 'unique opportunity', 'digital onboarding', 'OMDA margin', 'targeted platform', 'sustainable, trusted', 'global leader', 'payments industry', 'controlling stake', 'largest banks', 'c. 20% share', 'favorable dynamics', 'electronic payments', 'consumer use', 'contactless cards', 'direct access', 'same time', 'class technologies', 'coming years', 'sell opportunities', 'fraud detection', 'omnichannel capabilities', 'next 5 years', 'robust integration', 'synergy plan', 're-use approach', 'Forthcoming events', '4 billion euros', 'corporate purpose', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'other information', 'historical information', 'Actual events', '2020 Universal Registr', 'Q1 2022 revenue', 'Q3 2022 revenue', 'proforma revenue', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'ANZ Bank', 'April 1st', 'cash penetration', 'new joint-venture', 'significant synergies', 'global scale', 'H1 2022 results', 'technology partner', 'expected performance', 'WORLDLINE SA', '51%-49% joint-venture', 'closing', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'creation', 'Asia-Pacific', 'sizable', 'readiness', 'receptiveness', 'shift', 'terms', 'capita', 'Group', 'combination', 'cross', 'APM', 'Story', 'objective', 'implementation', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'Contacts', 'Benoit', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'helene', 'choice', 'acquirers', '20,000 employees', '50 countries', 'clients', 'instore', 'raison', 'security', 'societies', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'profitability', 'factors', 'Company', 'competitors', 'behaviours', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'strategies', 'goals', 'number', '2021']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2109,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-technologies-announces-fiscal-2021-160000417.html,DeFi Technologies Announces Fiscal 2021 Financial Results with Total Revenue Up 411% Year-over-Year to $15.1M,"DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional ...","TORONTO  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  announces its strong financial performance for the three and twelve-month period ending December 31  2021 (all amounts in Canadian dollars  unless otherwise indicated).DeFi Technologies (CNW Group/DeFi Technologies  Inc.)Key Highlights of Q4 2021As at December 31  2021 achieved US$363 million assets under management ("" AUM "") in fully owned subsidiary Valour Inc. ("" Valour "")  which is responsible for the company's portfolio of exchange-traded products ("" ETPs "");Valour Inc.  listed its Bitcoin Zero and Ethereum Zero ETPs on the Boerse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG ("" Frankfurt Exchange "")Launched world's first Uniswap ETP on the Nordic Growth Market ("" NGM "") and the Frankfurt ExchangeLaunched Solana Nodes to participate in network governance and stakingSelected Bison Trails to expand secure node infrastructure to power staking and DeFi applicationsAnnounced Listing of Valour Bitcoin Zero and Ethereum Zero ETPs on Euronext Paris & AmsterdamAnnounced preferred partnership agreement with SEBA Bank  a leading  global private swiss crypto bankCo-Lead Series C Investment into SEBA Bank CHF25 Million in early 2022""We continue to see strong demand and inflows into our Valour business as the Web 3.0 ecosystem continues to grow at a frenetic pace "" stated Russell Starr  Chief Executive Officer of DeFi Technologies. ""With 8 ETPs launched thus far as well as numerous others planned for 2022  the growth in AUM at Valour has been exceptional. As we look to launch additional innovative ETP's related to crypto  DeFi  gaming  and the metaverse  we expect rapid continued growth. I would also like to thank the DeFi and Valour team for their hard work and execution. Generating over $15 million in our first year of business when we effectively only started generating staking revenues in Q3 is the result of hard work and execution on everyone's part.""Story continuesETPs/ValourThe Company's ETP business Valour has grown with AUM of US$363 million as of Dec 31  2021. Since acquiring 100% Valour on April 1  2021  total revenue was $10.6 million and net income of $4.7 million.LiquidityThe Company maintains a very strong liquidity position  with cash of $9.2 million  total assets of $459.7 million and working capital of $11.5 million as of December 31  2021.Financial PerformanceFor the three months ended December 31  2021Total revenues of $5.1 million;Net loss of $50.0 million;Adjusted net loss of $2.2 million excluding share-based compensation expense of $29 million  impairment loss of $11.4 million  loss on deemed disposal of an associate of $6 million and amortization of intangibles of $1.4-million;Node validator revenue of $544 407  management fees on ETP of $783 527 and staking and lending income of $2.4 million.For the twelve months ended December 31  2021Total revenues of $15.1 million;Net loss of $71.5 million;Adjusted net loss of $2.4-million excluding share-based compensation expense of $42 million  impairment loss of $17.5 million  loss on deemed disposal of an associate of $6M and amortization of intangibles of $3.6 millionNet digital asset / ETP revenue of $4.5 million  node validator revenue of $1.1 million  management fees on ETPs of $1.1 million and increasing of staking and lending income of $3.4 million.Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF) is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit defi.tech .About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. For more information on Valour  visit valour.com .Cautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to  statements with respect to the 2021 annual financial statements and 2021 annual management discussion and analysis of the Company; partnership with Bison Trails; partnership and investment in SEBA Bank; the growth of AUM and net sales; the development and launch of new ETPs; expansion of DeFi Technologies and Valour into other geographic areas; the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited to acceptance of Valour ETPs by Frankfurt Exchange  NGM  Euronext and other exchanges; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; the growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASECisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-announces-fiscal-2021-financial-results-with-total-revenue-up-411-year-over-year-to-15-1m-301515901.htmlSOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.45,0.2,0.35,True,English,"['Fiscal 2021 Financial Results', 'DeFi Technologies', 'Total Revenue', 'Year', 'leading, global private swiss crypto bank', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'Boerse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG', 'Co-Lead Series C Investment', 'DeFi applications Announced Listing', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'share-based compensation expense', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'traditional capital markets', 'additional innovative ETP', 'US$363 million assets', 'Nordic Growth Market', 'rapid continued growth', 'Node validator revenue', 'exchange-listed financial products', '2021 annual management discussion', 'first Uniswap ETP', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'strong financial performance', 'preferred partnership agreement', 'strong liquidity position', 'Net digital asset', '2021 annual financial statements', 'Ethereum Zero ETPs', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'DeFi Technologies Inc', 'Valour Bitcoin Zero', 'ETP business Valour', 'SEBA Bank', 'Canadian dollars', 'ETP revenue', 'digital assets', 'Frankfurt Exchange', 'node infrastructure', 'strong demand', 'working capital', 'exchange-traded products', 'Web 3.0 ecosystem', 'first year', 'total revenue', 'new technologies', 'total assets', 'financial information', 'net income', 'Valour Inc', 'twelve-month period', 'CNW Group', 'Key Highlights', 'Solana Nodes', 'network governance', 'Bison Trails', 'Euronext Paris', 'frenetic pace', 'Russell Starr', 'numerous others', 'hard work', 'management fees', 'lending income', 'twelve months', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'Net loss', 'impairment loss', 'looking information', 'technology company', 'The Company', 'company updates', 'Valour business', 'Valour team', 'three months', 'defi.tech', 'institutional investors', 'power staking', '8 ETPs', 'revenues', '100% Valour', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'December', 'amounts', 'Q4', 'AUM', 'subsidiary', 'portfolio', 'world', 'NGM', 'Amsterdam', 'early 2022', 'inflows', 'gaming', 'metaverse', 'execution', 'Q3', 'result', 'everyone', 'Story', 'ETPs/Valour', 'cash', 'disposal', 'associate', 'amortization', 'intangibles', 'mission', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'opportunities', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'forward', 'meaning', 'respect', 'analysis']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2110,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-estimated-nav-160500568.html,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4551 £ 24.6916 Estimated MTD return 0.02 % 0.00 % Estimated YTD return -2.55 % -2.42 % Estimated ITD return 184.55 % 146.92 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.Story continuesYou should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'Estimated NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'Story', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2111,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-estimated-nav-160500310.html,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4551 £ 24.6916 Estimated MTD return 0.02 % 0.00 % Estimated YTD return -2.55 % -2.42 % Estimated ITD return 184.55 % 146.92 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.Story continuesYou should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'Estimated NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'Story', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2112,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/intertrust-grants-awards-directors-employees-051500503.html,Intertrust grants awards to directors and employees under the 2022 award plans,"This is a press release by Intertrust N.V. (""Intertrust"" or the ""Company"") pursuant to the provisions of Section 6  paragraph 2 and Section 13  paragraph 1...","Intertrust GroupThis is a press release by Intertrust N.V. (""Intertrust"" or the ""Company"") pursuant to the provisions of Section 6  paragraph 2 and Section 13  paragraph 1 of the Netherlands Decree in Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the recommended public offer (the ""Offer"") by CSC (Netherlands) Holdings B.V. for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of Intertrust. This announcement does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities in Intertrust. Any offer will be made only by means of an offer memorandum approved by the Dutch Authority for Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten). This announcement is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful.Intertrust grants awards to directors and employees under the 2022 award plansAmsterdam  the Netherlands – 1 April 2022 – Intertrust N.V. (“Intertrust” or “Company”) [Euronext: INTER]  a global leader in providing tech-enabled corporate and fund solutions to clients operating and investing in international business  today  pursuant to the Dutch public offer rules  announces it grants long-term incentive awards to its directors and employees under the 2022 award plans.As part of its Share Deferral Plan (SDP) and Performance Share Plan (PSP) 2022 (together the “2022 award plans”)  Intertrust grants  for no consideration  342 744 conditional rights to Intertrust shares (“awards”) to a total of 315 of its directors and employees that will vest in 2023  2024 and 2025  subject to employment at vesting date. The nominal value of each Intertrust share amounts to EUR 0.60.The awards granted under the PSP 2022 vest after three years  subject to the achievement of set performance criteria as further detailed in the remuneration policy for the Management Board. One exception thereto is the two-year holding period after vesting for Members of the Management Board which does not apply for members of the Executive Committee. As part of the PSP 2022  Intertrust grants the following awards to members of its Management Board and Executive Committee:Story continuesName Awards granted Shankar Iyer 30 550 Rogier van Wijk 17 184 Chitra Baskar 15 275 Roberto Canenti 7 637 Aileen Gillan 7 637 Daniel Jaffe 12 729 Ian Lynch 15 275 Corneel Ryde1 10 183Furthermore  as a result of the vesting of awards granted in previous years  today Intertrust will transfer a total of 324 590 treasury shares  for no consideration  to a total of 399 Intertrust’s (former) directors and employees  including members of the Management Board and Executive Committee. The holdings of members of Intertrust’s Management Board after granting the new awards and vesting of existing awards can be found in the table below:Name Ordinary shares2 Conditional shares Shankar Iyer 167 262 94 288 Rogier van Wijk 12 539 65 279On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding shares is 90 556 352  of which 204 223 shares are held as treasury shares.The awards granted to directors and employees as part of the 2022 award plans do not influence CSC’s recommended all-cash public offer to acquire all issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Intertrust N.V for EUR 20.00 (cum dividend) per share.1 Includes awards granted under SDP and PSP 20222 Includes shares purchased individually  shares granted undervarious performance plans and consideration shares followingacquisition of ViteosAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.25,0.46,True,English,"['Intertrust grants', '2022 award plans', 'awards', 'directors', 'employees', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'Conditional shares Shankar Iyer', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'two-year holding period', 'Rogier van Wijk', 'Share Deferral Plan', 'Holdings B.V.', 'Performance Share Plan', 'cash public offer', 'various performance plans', 'Intertrust N.V.', 'long-term incentive awards', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Dutch Authority', '342,744 conditional rights', 'outstanding shares', 'performance criteria', 'Ordinary shares2', '2022 award plans', '324,590 treasury shares', 'Financial Markets', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'global leader', 'tech-enabled corporate', 'fund solutions', 'international business', 'nominal value', 'three years', 'remuneration policy', 'Management Board', 'One exception', 'Executive Committee', 'Chitra Baskar', 'Roberto Canenti', 'Aileen Gillan', 'Daniel Jaffe', 'Ian Lynch', 'Corneel Ryde1', 'previous years', 'Viteos Attachment', 'offer memorandum', 'Intertrust share', 'Intertrust Group', 'following awards', 'new awards', 'existing awards', 'consideration shares', 'press release', 'PSP 2022 vest', 'total number', 'former) directors', 'Name Awards', 'Netherlands Decree', 'vesting date', '204,223 shares', '399 Intertrust', 'Company', 'provisions', 'Section', 'paragraph', 'connection', 'CSC', 'capital', 'announcement', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'employees', 'Amsterdam', '1 April', 'clients', 'SDP', 'employment', 'achievement', 'Members', 'Story', 'result', 'table', 'dividend', 'acquisition']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2114,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-signs-binding-agreements-european-063000617.html,Stellantis Signs Binding Agreements with European Financing Partners,Stellantis Signs Binding Agreements with European Financing Partners AMSTERDAM  April 1  2022 – After having entered into exclusive negotiations on December ...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Signs Binding Agreements withEuropean Financing PartnersAMSTERDAM  April 1  2022 – After having entered into exclusive negotiations on December 17  2021  Stellantis N.V. today announced the signing of binding agreements with BNP Paribas Personal Finance (“BNPP PF”)  Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance (“CACF”) and Santander Consumer Finance (“SCF”) aimed at better organizing its current financial services platform in Europe.“I am very pleased to confirm the signing of these agreements with our historical European banking partners ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “Our strategy is to better leverage our financial services arms  both in Europe and North America  with the aim to double our net banking income by 2030. The new platform is setting the scene to achieve this target and boost value creation across our financial services business.”These agreements support the financial services commitment which is part of Stellantis Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  and aim at:creating a multi-brand operational leasing company in which Stellantis and CACF each hold a 50% interest  resulting from the combination of the Leasys and Free2move Lease businesses  in order to become a European leader  with a fleet target of around 1 million vehicles in 2026  andreorganizing the financing activities through joint ventures set up with BNPP PF or SCF in each country to manage financing activities for all Stellantis brands.The transactions should be completed during the first half of 2023 once the required authorization has been obtained from the relevant anti-trust authorities and market regulators.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.Story continues@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Valérie GILLOT: + 33 6 83 92 92 96 - valerie.gillot@stellantis.comValérie BENSOUSSAN: + 33 6 76 86 95 44 - valerie.bensoussan@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.19,0.33,0.48,True,English,"['European Financing Partners', 'Binding Agreements', 'Stellantis', 'Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Stellantis Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'multi-brand operational leasing company', 'BNP Paribas Personal Finance', 'historical European banking partners', 'current financial services platform', 'Santander Consumer Finance', 'net banking income', 'relevant anti-trust authorities', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'European Financing Partners', 'financial services arms', 'financial services commitment', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'financial services business', 'Free2move Lease businesses', 'Valérie GILLOT', 'Valérie BENSOUSSAN', 'global financial markets', 'innovative, attractive products', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'other anticipated aspects', 'mobility provider', 'new platform', 'European leader', 'current state', 'future financial', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'business strategies', 'local economic', 'financing activities', 'operating results', 'other contingencies', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'exclusive negotiations', 'BNPP PF', 'Carlos Tavares', 'North America', 'value creation', 'joint ventures', 'first half', 'required authorization', 'market regulators', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'anticipated results', 'closing date', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'Stellantis CEO', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'iconic brands', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Binding Agreements', '1 million vehicles', 'future events', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'governmental investigations', 'safety regulations', 'Stellantis brands', 'fleet target', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'December', 'signing', 'CACF', 'SCF', 'strategy', 'scene', '50% interest', 'combination', 'Leasys', 'order', 'country', 'transactions', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Story', 'valerie', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'imposition', 'enactment', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', '2023']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2115,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000065.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4614 £ 24.6972 Estimated MTD return 0.04 % 0.03 % Estimated YTD return -2.53 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 184.61 % 146.97 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.50 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.43 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.02 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.9198 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4977The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '833 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2116,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220331006063/en/argenx-to-Present-New-Data-from-Generalized-Myasthenia-Gravis-Program-at-2022-American-Academy-of-Neurology-Annual-Meeting,argenx to Present New Data from Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Program at 2022 American Academy of Neurology Annual Meeting,BREDA  the Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--argenx to Present New Data from Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Program at 2022 American Academy of Neurology Annual Meeting,BREDA  the Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that interim data will be presented from ADAPT+ at the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Annual Meeting in Seattle  WA  April 2-7. ADAPT+ is the global Phase 3 open-label extension study evaluating long-term efficacy  safety and tolerability of VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) in adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).Additional presentations at AAN will include a review of baseline characteristics from the Company’s pre-approval access program for VYVGART  as well as data on the treatment burden of gMG from a cross-sectional study of 152 U.S. adults with a self-reported gMG diagnosis.“ We are thrilled that our ADAPT+ study has been selected for an oral presentation at this important neurology forum  and hope these exciting data will advance healthcare providers’ understanding of long-term therapeutic outcomes with VYVGART as they continue to manage their gMG patients ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. “ We remain as committed as ever to the gMG community  and look toward to offering deeper insight into the patient experience so we may best address their unmet needs and seek to alleviate the burden of this complex  debilitating disease.”AAN 2022 Presentations:Long-term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Efgartigimod in Patients with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Interim Results of the ADAPT+ StudyTuesday  April 5  2022  at 4:06 PM PTSession: S25: Autoimmune Neurology 2: Clinical Trials and Treatment; Presentation 004Presenter: James F. Howard Jr.  M.D.  Professor of Neurology (Neuromuscular Disease)  Medicine and Allied Health  Department of Neurology  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of MedicineBaseline Characteristics and Demographics of Patients Enrolled in an Expanded Access Program for Efgartigimod in Adult Patients with Generalized Myasthenia GravisSaturday  April 2  2022 from 5:30 PM – 6:30 PM PTSession: P3: Autoimmune Neurology: Peripheral Nervous System and Muscle 1; Presentation 001  Neighborhood 1Presenter: Deborah Gelinas  M.D.  Executive Director  Neuromuscular Medical Affairs  argenxTreatment Burden According to Patients with Generalized Myasthenia GravisSunday  April 3  2022 from 5:30 PM – 6:30 PM PTSession: P6: Neuromuscular Disease: Myasthenia Gravis 1; Presentation 008  Neighborhood 13Presenter: Tuan Vu  M.D.  Professor of Neurology  University of South FloridaThe meeting abstracts are available online and can be accessed through the AAN meeting website at AAN.com. To learn more about VYVGART  please visit AAN Booth #317 or VYVGART.com.See the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART in the U.S.  which includes the below Important Safety Information. For more information related to VYVGART in Japan  visit argenx.jp.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation (U.S. PRESCRIBING INFORMATION)What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab)?VYVGART is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).What is the most important information I should know about VYVGART?VYVGART may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART discontinuation. Your health care provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART if needed. Tell your health care provider immediately about any undesirable reactions.Before taking VYVGART  tell your health care provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infectionHave received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your health care provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The use of vaccines during VYVGART treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your health care provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART?The most common side effects of VYVGART are respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and talk to your doctor.About EfgartigimodEfgartigimod is an antibody fragment designed to reduce pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies by binding to the neonatal Fc receptor and blocking the IgG recycling process. Efgartigimod is being investigated in several autoimmune diseases known to be mediated by disease-causing IgG antibodies  including neuromuscular disorders  blood disorders  and skin blistering diseases. Efgartigimod is currently approved in the United States as VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months1  where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population1.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S. and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.ReferencesBehin et al. New Pathways and Therapeutics Targets in Autoimmune Myasthenia Gravis. J Neuromusc Dis 5. 2018. 265-277Forward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the expected long-term safety  tolerability and efficacy of VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) in adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.11,0.19,0.7,True,English,"['Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Program', 'Neurology Annual Meeting', 'New Data', '2022 American Academy', 'argenx', 'global Phase 3 open-label extension study', 'James F. Howard Jr.', 'white blood cell counts', 'U.S. PRESCRIBING INFORMATION', 'blood side effects', 'full Prescribing Information', 'global immunology company', 'pre-approval access program', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chapel Hill School', 'Expanded Access Program', 'intravenous (IV) formulation', 'serious side effects', '1 hour to 3 weeks', 'health care provider', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'long-term therapeutic outcomes', 'complex, debilitating disease', 'Neuromuscular Medical Affairs', '152 U.S. adults', 'AAN meeting website', 'AAN) Annual Meeting', 'Important Safety Information', 'important neurology forum', 'respiratory tract infections', 'Undesirable immune reactions', '4:06 PM PT Session', 'important information', 'argenx Treatment Burden', 'immune system', 'Allied Health', 'Neuromuscular Disease', 'meeting abstracts', 'lymphocyte counts', 'neutrophil counts', 'cross-sectional study', 'clinical study', 'Long-term Safety', 'Executive Director', 'urinary tract', 'undesirable reactions', 'AAN 2022 Presentations', 'AAN.com', 'AAN Booth', 'ADAPT+ study', 'argenx SE', 'American Academy', 'Additional presentations', 'baseline characteristics', 'deeper insight', 'patient experience', 'unmet needs', 'Interim Results', 'Clinical Trials', 'M.D.', 'North Carolina', 'Deborah Gelinas', 'Tuan Vu', 'South Florida', 'argenx.jp', 'normal levels', 'painful urination', 'nasal passages', 'sore throat', 'excess phlegm', 'nasal discharge', 'clinical studies', 'Autoimmune Neurology', 'long-term efficacy', 'hypersensitivity reactions', 'interim data', 'exciting data', 'back pain', 'chest pain', 'gMG diagnosis', 'gMG community', 'common infections', 'The University', 'More patients', 'prescription medicine', 'oral presentation', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'VYVGART discontinuation', 'gMG patients', 'adult patients', '5:30 PM', '6:30 PM', 'VYVGART®', 'VYVGART.', 'BREDA', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Seattle', 'April', 'tolerability', 'review', 'reported', 'understanding', 'Tuesday', 'Presenter', 'Professor', 'Department', 'Demographics', 'Saturday', 'P3', 'Muscle', 'Neighborhood', 'Sunday', 'P6', 'Japan', 'condition', 'body', 'antibodies', 'protein', 'AChR', 'risk', 'placebo', 'majority', 'severity', 'history', 'signs', 'symptoms', 'fever', 'chills', 'frequent', 'cough', 'blockage', 'sinus', 'wheezing', 'shortness', 'breath', 'fatigue', 'rashes', 'skin', 'administration']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,businesswire.com
2117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109724.html,Australia Fund Manager Salter Brothers signs major deal with Accor,In one of Australia’s largest hotel management portfolio agreement deals for over a decade  Salter Brothers has announced that its portfolio of hotels  acquired as part of the recent Travelodge acquisition  will be joining the global hotel giant Accor at the …,"In one of Australia’s largest hotel management portfolio agreement deals for over a decade  Salter Brothers has announced that its portfolio of hotels  acquired as part of the recent Travelodge acquisition  will be joining the global hotel giant Accor at the start of the 2023 financial year.The management agreement  which includes an industry-leading link to ESG outcomes  will see its hotels (2000+ rooms) rebranded to ibis Styles  Mercure and Novotel hotels when they join the 340+ Accor network of hotels  apartments and resorts across Australia.Paul Salter  Managing Director of Salter Brothers confirmed that the signing was an exciting milestone for the Group. “We are delighted to be partnering with Accor for the operation of this acquired portfolio  which will include rebranding the hotels to leading ibis Styles  Mercure and Novotel brands  and welcome Accor’s commitment to an Australian first innovative ESG linked management agreement.”“Both Salter Brothers and Accor are committed to leading the way with ESG hotel benchmarks and our agreement will see us working together to structure performance against targets  which are linked to commercial outcomes. This may include targets such as green energy procurement  waste and energy  water reduction and diversity.”“This agreement will not only lead to a high quality experience for our customers  who will benefit from Accor’s commitment to operating excellence and focus on the guest  but also our partners  investors and the industry as a whole as it drives value and fuels sustainable outcomes. The domestic travel market is showing very promising signs of recovery  and we believe that with our major refurbishment program in the properties and Accor as our partner under this innovative approach to management  we can take full advantage of this opportunity ” Paul Salter commented.Accor Pacific Chief Executive Officer  Sarah Derry  said that by partnering with Accor  Salter Brothers would have access to Accor’s powerful distribution engine and realise the benefits of strong customer demand through Accor’s award-winning lifestyle loyalty program  ALL – Accor Live Limitless  along with significant extended benefits created by Accor’s major strategic partnerships with Accor Stadium and Qantas.“We are delighted to be adding these great hotels to our growing portfolio; it brings new opportunities for our people  partners and guests. Expanding our footprint with these incredible properties will bring more choice for our customers and realise significant commercial benefits for Salter Brothers. Tourism is critical to the economic growth of our region and future job creation ” Ms. Derry said.The deal is Accor’s largest integration since its $1.2 billion acquisition of Mantra Group in 2018  which brought the Art Series  Peppers  Mantra and BreakFree brands under Accor. Nine of the properties will become Mercure hotels  growing Mercure from 44 properties in Australia to 53  making Mercure the largest and fastest growing global mid-scale brand in Australia with more than 50 hotels.Ms Derry commented  “The Salter Brothers integration is the latest chapter in Accor’s strong growth story in the Pacific region. These hotels are located in amazing central city locations and the best metropolitan areas and we are working with Salter Brothers to reinvigorate the portfolio  setting them up for success with the next generation of travellers and signalling our confidence in the return of corporate travel.”From luxury to economy  Accor has more than 340 hotels  resorts and apartments to choose from in Australia  including international brands such as Sofitel  MGallery  Art Series  Pullman  Swissôtel  Mövenpick  Grand Mercure  Peppers  The Sebel  Mantra  Novotel  Mercure  Tribe  BreakFree  ibis  ibis Styles and ibis Budget.ABOUT SALTER BROTHERSSalter Brothers is an Australian-owned global funds management business with a focus on hotels  property  private equity and credit  with group assets under management of almost $2 billion. The company’s hotel platform was formed in December 2015 and has established a track record of acquiring  developing and managing high quality hotel assets across Australia and the USA  with its associated portfolio entities currently comprising over 2 400 hotel rooms across 8 hotels  with asset value exceeding $1 billion. www.salterbrothers.comAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry""s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company""s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['Australia Fund Manager', 'Salter Brothers', 'major deal', 'Accor', 'first innovative ESG linked management agreement', 'Australian-owned global funds management business', 'Accor Pacific Chief Executive Officer', 'amazing central city locations', 'largest hotel management portfolio agreement', 'award-winning lifestyle loyalty program', 'high quality hotel assets', 'global hotel giant Accor', 'world leading hospitality group', 'The Salter Brothers integration', 'high quality experience', 'global mid-scale brand', 'ESG hotel benchmarks', 'major refurbishment program', 'powerful distribution engine', 'strong customer demand', 'major strategic partnerships', 'future job creation', 'best metropolitan areas', 'recent Travelodge acquisition', 'domestic travel market', 'strong growth story', 'significant extended benefits', 'associated portfolio entities', 'green energy procurement', 'significant commercial benefits', 'Both Salter Brothers', 'economy hotel brands', '340+ Accor network', 'largest integration', 'innovative approach', 'ESG outcomes', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'hotel platform', '2,400 hotel rooms', 'group assets', 'Pacific region', 'The Group', 'The Sebel', 'creative hospitality', 'commercial outcomes', 'economic growth', '$1.2 billion acquisition', 'corporate travel', 'Paul Salter', 'international brands', 'growing portfolio', '2023 financial year', 'industry-leading link', '2000+ rooms', 'Managing Director', 'exciting milestone', 'water reduction', 'sustainable outcomes', 'promising signs', 'full advantage', 'Sarah Derry', 'new opportunities', 'Ms. Derry', 'Art Series', 'Ms Derry', 'latest chapter', 'next generation', 'Swissôtel', 'Mövenpick', 'private equity', 'track record', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'concierge services', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'Novotel brands', 'ibis Styles', 'ibis Budget', 'BreakFree brands', 'Mantra Group', 'asset value', 'Accor Stadium', 'incredible properties', 'accommodation properties', 'Grand Mercure', 'great hotels', 'Novotel hotels', 'Mercure hotels', '44 properties', '5,300 properties', '50 hotels', '340 hotels', '8 hotels', 'deals', 'decade', 'start', 'apartments', 'resorts', 'signing', 'operation', 'commitment', 'way', 'performance', 'targets', 'waste', 'diversity', 'customers', 'excellence', 'guest', 'investors', 'recovery', 'opportunity', 'access', 'Qantas', 'people', 'footprint', 'choice', 'Tourism', 'Peppers', 'success', 'travellers', 'confidence', 'return', 'luxury', 'Sofitel', 'MGallery', 'Pullman', 'Tribe', 'focus', 'property', 'credit', 'company', 'December', 'USA', 'salterbrothers', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,hospitalitynet.org
2118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109736.html,Salter Brothers signs major deal with Accor  with industry leading ESG linked agreement,In one of Australia’s largest hotel management portfolio agreement deals for over a decade  Salter Brothers has announced that its portfolio of hotels  acquired as part of the recent Travelodge acquisition  will be joining the global hotel giant Accor at the …,"In one of Australia’s largest hotel management portfolio agreement deals for over a decade  Salter Brothers has announced that its portfolio of hotels  acquired as part of the recent Travelodge acquisition  will be joining the global hotel giant Accor at the start of the 2023 financial year.The management agreement  which includes an industry-leading link to ESG outcomes  will see its hotels (2000+ rooms) rebranded to ibis Styles  Mercure and Novotel hotels when they join the 340+ Accor network of hotels  apartments and resorts across Australia.Paul Salter  Managing Director of Salter Brothers confirmed that the signing was an exciting milestone for the Group. “We are delighted to be partnering with Accor for the operation of this acquired portfolio  which will include rebranding the hotels to leading ibis Styles  Mercure and Novotel brands  and welcome Accor’s commitment to an Australian first innovative ESG linked management agreement.”“Both Salter Brothers and Accor are committed to leading the way with ESG hotel benchmarks and our agreement will see us working together to structure performance against targets  which are linked to commercial outcomes. This may include targets such as green energy procurement  waste and energy  water reduction and diversity.”“This agreement will not only lead to a high quality experience for our customers  who will benefit from Accor’s commitment to operating excellence and focus on the guest  but also our partners  investors and the industry as a whole as it drives value and fuels sustainable outcomes. The domestic travel market is showing very promising signs of recovery  and we believe that with our major refurbishment program in the properties and Accor as our partner under this innovative approach to management  we can take full advantage of this opportunity ” Paul Salter commented.Accor Pacific Chief Executive Officer  Sarah Derry  said that by partnering with Accor  Salter Brothers would have access to Accor’s powerful distribution engine and realise the benefits of strong customer demand through Accor’s award-winning lifestyle loyalty program  ALL – Accor Live Limitless  along with significant extended benefits created by Accor’s major strategic partnerships with Accor Stadium and Qantas.“We are delighted to be adding these great hotels to our growing portfolio; it brings new opportunities for our people  partners and guests. Expanding our footprint with these incredible properties will bring more choice for our customers and realise significant commercial benefits for Salter Brothers. Tourism is critical to the economic growth of our region and future job creation ” Ms. Derry said.The deal is Accor’s largest integration since its $1.2 billion acquisition of Mantra Group in 2018  which brought the Art Series  Peppers  Mantra and BreakFree brands under Accor. Nine of the properties will become Mercure hotels  growing Mercure from 44 properties in Australia to 53  making Mercure the largest and fastest growing global mid-scale brand in Australia with more than 50 hotels.Ms Derry commented  “The Salter Brothers integration is the latest chapter in Accor’s strong growth story in the Pacific region. These hotels are located in amazing central city locations and the best metropolitan areas and we are working with Salter Brothers to reinvigorate the portfolio  setting them up for success with the next generation of travellers and signalling our confidence in the return of corporate travel.”From luxury to economy  Accor has more than 340 hotels  resorts and apartments to choose from in Australia  including international brands such as Sofitel  MGallery  Art Series  Pullman  Swissôtel  Mövenpick  Grand Mercure  Peppers  The Sebel  Mantra  Novotel  Mercure  Tribe  BreakFree  ibis  ibis Styles and ibis Budget.ABOUT SALTER BROTHERSSalter Brothers is an Australian-owned global funds management business with a focus on hotels  property  private equity and credit  with group assets under management of almost $2 billion. The company’s hotel platform was formed in December 2015 and has established a track record of acquiring  developing and managing high quality hotel assets across Australia and the USA  with its associated portfolio entities currently comprising over 2 400 hotel rooms across 8 hotels  with asset value exceeding $1 billion.www.salterbrothers.comAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry""s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company""s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Naomi HammondCommunications Manager - Pacific+61(0) 434 738 380Accor",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['industry leading ESG linked agreement', 'Salter Brothers', 'major deal', 'Accor', 'first innovative ESG linked management agreement', 'Australian-owned global funds management business', 'Accor Pacific Chief Executive Officer', 'amazing central city locations', 'largest hotel management portfolio agreement', 'award-winning lifestyle loyalty program', 'high quality hotel assets', 'global hotel giant Accor', 'world leading hospitality group', 'The Salter Brothers integration', 'high quality experience', 'global mid-scale brand', 'ESG hotel benchmarks', 'major refurbishment program', 'powerful distribution engine', 'strong customer demand', 'major strategic partnerships', 'future job creation', 'best metropolitan areas', 'creative hospitality c', 'recent Travelodge acquisition', 'domestic travel market', 'strong growth story', 'significant extended benefits', 'associated portfolio entities', 'green energy procurement', 'significant commercial benefits', 'Both Salter Brothers', 'economy hotel brands', '340+ Accor network', 'largest integration', 'innovative approach', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'ESG outcomes', 'hotel platform', '2,400 hotel rooms', 'group assets', 'Pacific region', 'The Group', 'The Sebel', 'commercial outcomes', 'economic growth', '$1.2 billion acquisition', 'corporate travel', 'Paul Salter', 'international brands', 'growing portfolio', '2023 financial year', 'industry-leading link', '2000+ rooms', 'Managing Director', 'exciting milestone', 'water reduction', 'sustainable outcomes', 'promising signs', 'full advantage', 'Sarah Derry', 'new opportunities', 'Ms. Derry', 'Art Series', 'Ms Derry', 'latest chapter', 'next generation', 'Swissôtel', 'Mövenpick', 'private equity', 'track record', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'concierge services', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'Novotel brands', 'ibis Styles', 'ibis Budget', 'BreakFree brands', 'Mantra Group', 'asset value', 'Accor Stadium', 'incredible properties', 'accommodation properties', 'Grand Mercure', 'great hotels', 'Novotel hotels', 'Mercure hotels', '44 properties', '5,300 properties', '50 hotels', '340 hotels', '8 hotels', 'deals', 'decade', 'start', 'apartments', 'resorts', 'signing', 'operation', 'commitment', 'way', 'performance', 'targets', 'waste', 'diversity', 'customers', 'excellence', 'guest', 'investors', 'recovery', 'opportunity', 'access', 'Qantas', 'people', 'footprint', 'choice', 'Tourism', 'Peppers', 'success', 'travellers', 'confidence', 'return', 'luxury', 'Sofitel', 'MGallery', 'Pullman', 'Tribe', 'focus', 'property', 'credit', 'company', 'December', 'USA', 'salterbrothers', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,hospitalitynet.org
2119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://u.today/solana-jumps-xrp-in-market-cap-and-leads-in-weekly-gains-details,Solana Jumps XRP in Market Cap and Leads in Weekly Gains: Details,Solana is also outperforming the top 10 major cryptocurrencies in weekly gains,"Disclaimer: The opinion expressed here is not investment advice – it is provided for informational purposes only. It does not necessarily reflect the opinion of U.Today. Every investment and all trading involves risk  so you should always perform your own research prior to making decisions. We do not recommend investing money you cannot afford to lose.According to CoinMarketCap data  Solana presently ranks sixth in terms of market capitalization  surpassing XRP. With a present market valuation of $40.51 billion  Solana now ranks ahead of XRP's market cap of $39.24 billion.Solana is also outperforming the top 10 major cryptocurrencies in weekly gains  up 21.65% in the past seven days. Terra (LUNA) falls behind with a 9.83% gain over the past seven days. The majority of cryptocurrencies tanked in the last 24 hours  erasing both daily and weekly gains.The cryptocurrency market is struggling to recover after the European Parliament voted in favor of prohibiting anonymous crypto transactions. Nearly all of the cryptocurrencies in the top 100 were losing value at press time  mostly recording losses between 4% and 11%.""Ethereum killer"" Solana (SOL) is marginally down in the past 24 hours  according to data provided by CoinMarketCap. XRP has also shed over 6.31% within the same time frame.Despite the market dip  positivity remains amid earlier developments. New York-based exchange-traded product sponsor WisdomTree recently announced that its Solana  Cardano and Polkadot exchange-traded products have been listed in France and the Netherlands. The two ETPs have started trading on Euronext exchanges located in Amsterdam and Paris. The products boast a total expense ratio (TER) of just 0.95%. It measures the total costs associated with operating a certain investment fund.Earlier this week  the Solana  Cardano and Polkadot ETPs were also launched on Zurich-based SIX Swiss Exchange and Frankfurt-based Xetra.1 billion XRP unlocked from escrowAs covered by U.Today  blockchain data tracker WhaleAlert reports that Ripple has unlocked a staggering billion XRP from escrow on the first day of a new month to add some of it to the circulating supply.In the meantime  more than 410 million XRP coins have been shoveled by high-end digital exchanges and addresses that Whale Alert marked as ""unknown.""Ripple has been releasing one billion XRP from escrow since the start of 2017  with the goal of unlocking 55 billion Ripple-affiliated coins. In the past couple of years  Ripple has been adding 200 million from a released amount to circulation and locking back in escrow 800 million  sometimes 900 million.",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.05,0.18,0.76,True,English,"['Market Cap', 'Weekly Gains', 'Solana', 'XRP', 'Leads', 'Details', 'New York-based exchange-traded product sponsor', 'Zurich-based SIX Swiss Exchange', 'anonymous crypto transactions', '55 billion Ripple-affiliated coins', 'past seven days', 'same time frame', 'total expense ratio', 'high-end digital exchanges', 'present market valuation', 'blockchain data tracker', '410 million XRP coins', 'staggering billion XRP', 'one billion XRP', 'top 10 major cryptocurrencies', 'new month', 'exchange-traded products', '1 billion XRP', 'press time', 'past 24 hours', 'Euronext exchanges', 'total costs', 'past couple', 'market capitalization', 'cryptocurrency market', 'market dip', 'informational purposes', 'U.Today', 'weekly gains', 'last 24 hours', 'European Parliament', 'Ethereum killer', 'earlier developments', 'two ETPs', 'Frankfurt-based Xetra', 'first day', 'circulating supply', 'Whale Alert', 'investment advice', 'investment fund', 'CoinMarketCap data', 'Polkadot ETPs', 'CoinMarketCap.', 'Disclaimer', 'opinion', 'trading', 'risk', 'research', 'decisions', 'money', 'Solana', 'terms', 'Terra', 'LUNA', '9.83% gain', 'majority', 'daily', 'favor', 'value', 'losses', 'positivity', 'WisdomTree', 'Cardano', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', 'escrow', 'WhaleAlert', 'meantime', 'addresses', 'start', 'goal', 'years', 'amount', 'circulation']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,u.today
2120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ambcrypto.com/with-3-new-etps-to-be-launched-in-europe-can-u-s-afford-to-stay-behind/,With 3 new crypto ETPs to be launched in Europe  can U.S. afford to stay behind,In the past week  digital asset investment products witnessed the most significant inflows so far this year at $193 million. Interestingly  Europe saw a majority of the flow  in this case  some 76% of total inflows at $147 million.  Diversifying my roots  Wis…,In the past week  digital asset investment products witnessed the most significant inflows so far this year at $193 million. Interestingly  Europe saw a majority of the flow  in this case  some 76% of total inflows at $147 million.Diversifying my rootsWisdomTree  a New York-based exchange-traded fund (ETF) asset management firm  announced the launch of three new cryptos ETPs this week. It would track the performance of Solana (SOL)  Cardano (ADA)  and Polkadot (DOT).The new ETPs dubbed WisdomTree Solana (SOLW)  WisdomTree Cardano (ADAW)  and WisdomTree Polkadot (DOTW) would give investors exposure to the prices of the underlying crypto assets. In that context  SOLW  ADAW  and DOTW had a total expense ratio of 0.95% or carried an expense ratio of 95 basis points.In addition  the pan-European exchange Euronext expected to record the crypto ETPs in Amsterdam and Paris on 7 April  the announcement noted.The firm also added that investors can access the three digital assets through its diversified crypto basket ETPs – WisdomTree Crypto Market (BLOC) and WisdomTree Crypto Altcoins (WALT) and are available for sale in Austria  Belgium  Denmark  Finland  France  Germany  Italy  Ireland  Luxembourg  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Spain  Sweden  and Switzerland.Here comes the fee war?According to Eric Balchunas  Bloomberg’s senior ETF analyst  the offering is poised to severely undercut Switzerland-based crypto ETP issuer 21Shares  which charged its investors a 2.5% management fee.WisdomTree launching Solana  Cardano and Polkadot ETPs in Europe fee of 0.95%  severely undercutting similar products from 21Shares' which charge 2.5%. So let me get this straight: they're already in a fee war over Polkadot ETPs in Europe AND STILL NO (you know the rest) pic.twitter.com/pIvMPJDjXZ — Eric Balchunas (@EricBalchunas) March 31  2022Indeed  other altcoins did get attention across the globe. Earlier this month  Bloomberg reported that CoinShares had joined forces with crypto exchange FTX in order to launch a Solana-based ETP.But where’s the result?While there is already stiff competition among ETP issuers  the U.S. doesn’t have a physically-backed Bitcoin exchange-traded fund. If this continues  the US could miss out on the ETF opportunity while others would capitalize on it.,neutral,0.05,0.82,0.13,mixed,0.1,0.18,0.72,True,English,"['3 new crypto ETPs', 'U.S.', 'Europe', 'digital asset investment products', 'New York-based exchange-traded fund', 'Switzerland-based crypto ETP issuer', 'diversified crypto basket ETPs', 'three new cryptos ETPs', 'ETF) asset management firm', 'three digital assets', 'Bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'underlying crypto assets', 'pan-European exchange Euronext', 'senior ETF analyst', 'crypto exchange FTX', 'WisdomTree Crypto Market', 'total expense ratio', 'WisdomTree Crypto Altcoins', 'new ETPs', '2.5% management fee', 'similar products', 'ETF opportunity', 'Solana-based ETP', 'ETP issuers', 'total inflows', 'other altcoins', 'Polkadot ETPs', 'past week', 'significant inflows', '95 basis points', 'fee war', 'Eric Balchunas', 'stiff competition', 'U.S.', 'WisdomTree Polkadot', 'WisdomTree Solana', 'WisdomTree Cardano', 'Europe fee', 'majority', 'case', 'roots', 'launch', 'performance', 'ADA', 'SOLW', 'DOTW', 'investors', 'exposure', 'prices', 'context', 'addition', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', '7 April', 'announcement', 'BLOC', 'WALT', 'sale', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Ireland', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Bloomberg', 'offering', '21Shares', 'rest', 'pIvMPJDjXZ', 'EricBalchunas', 'attention', 'globe', 'CoinShares', 'forces', 'order', 'result', 'others', '0.']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,ambcrypto.com
2122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-positive-data-from-phase-iiiii-leniolisib-trial-presented-at-clinical-immunology-society-2022-annual-meeting-301515436.html,Pharming Announces Positive Data from Phase II/III Leniolisib Trial Presented at Clinical Immunology Society 2022 Annual Meeting,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces new data from the pivotal Phase II/III trial of leniolisib for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide …","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces new data from the pivotal Phase II/III trial of leniolisib for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a primary immunodeficiency. Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao  M.D.  a staff physician in the Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda  Maryland  shared the findings in a presentation at the Clinical Immunology Society (CIS) 2022 Annual Meeting.As announced on February 2  2022  the multinational  triple-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized  Phase III portion of the clinical trial  conducted by Novartis  met its co-primary endpoints  which evaluated reduction in lymph node size and correction of immunodeficiency. The shrinking of lymphadenopathy lesions and increased proportion of naïve B cells are important in this population  as they indicate a reduction in APDS disease markers. Presented for the first time at CIS  the co-primary endpoints at day 85 after baseline demonstrated:In the index lymphadenopathy lesions  a statistically significant adjusted mean change in the log10 transformed sum of product of diameters (SPD) of -0.30 among patients who received leniolisib compared with -0.06 among patients who received placebo (95% CI: -0.37  -0.11; p=0.0012).From a baseline level of ˂48%  an increase of 34.76% in the proportion of naïve B cells in patients who received leniolisib versus a -5.37% decrease in patients who received placebo (95% CI: 28.51  51.75; p˂0.0001).The study drug was well-tolerated. There were no adverse events that led to discontinuation of study treatment  there were no deaths  and the incidence of serious adverse events (SAEs) was lower in the leniolisib group than in the placebo group. None of the SAEs were suspected to be related to study treatment.Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles  M.D.  Ph.D.  David S. Gottesman Professor of Immunology at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York  said:""It is great news that leniolisib has achieved such positive results in this Phase III study in APDS. It is extremely encouraging to see that this medication is capable of targeting the cause of this difficult disease  both improving care and reducing patients' symptoms. Progress toward a treatment that is tailor-made for our patients with APDS is a milestone we have long awaited.""Pharming plans to begin submitting global regulatory filings for leniolisib in the second quarter of 2022 and  subject to approval  launching the treatment in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2023 and starting a series of European launches in the second half of 2023.Anurag Relan  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""Pharming is delighted that leniolisib achieved significance in both co-primary endpoints and was well tolerated in these APDS patients  as the product's approval would address an unmet need for those with this rare disease  who currently rely on supportive therapies such as antibiotics and immunoglobulin replacement therapy. In addition to working closely with regulatory authorities across the globe to make leniolisib available to immunologists  hematologists  and their patients  we will continue to develop this treatment through our open-label extension study and two additional studies that will enroll children under the age of 12  as well as potentially extending the geographic reach of the product.""About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately one to two people per million. Also known as PASLI  it is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.1 2 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 3 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K with immunomodulating and potentially anti-neoplastic activities. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger specifically activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for several immune diseases.To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. is a global  commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative protein replacement therapies and precision medicines for the treatment of rare diseases and unmet medical needs.The flagship of our portfolio is our recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH) franchise. C1INH is a naturally occurring protein that down regulates the complement and contact cascades in order to control inflammation in affected tissues.Our lead product  RUCONEST®  is the first and only plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy. It is approved for the treatment of acute hereditary angioedema (HAE) attacks. We are commercializing RUCONEST® in the United States  the European Union and the United Kingdom through our own sales and marketing organization  and the rest of the world through our distribution network.In addition  we are investigating the clinical efficacy of rhC1INH in the treatment of further indications  including pre-eclampsia  acute kidney injury and severe pneumonia as a result of COVID-19 infections.We are also studying our oral precision medicine  leniolisib (a phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta  or PI3K delta  inhibitor)  for the treatment of activated PI3K delta syndrome  or APDS. World-wide rights for leniolisib were licensed from Novartis AG in 2019. Leniolisib met both of its primary end points in a registration enabling Phase 2/3 study in the United States and Europe. We are targeting global regulatory filings for leniolisib from Q2 2022 onwards.Additionally  we entered into a strategic collaboration with Orchard Therapeutics to research  develop  manufacture and commercialize OTL-105  a newly disclosed investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) gene therapy for the treatment of HAE.Furthermore  we are leveraging our transgenic manufacturing technology to develop next-generation protein replacement therapies  most notably for Pompe disease  which is currently in preclinical development.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources. These statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including but not limited to: the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2020 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.References:Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21 . Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsSijmen de Vries  CEO: T: +31 71 524 7400Susanne Embleton  Investor Relations Manager: T: +31 71 524 7400 E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]US PR:Emily VanLareE: [email protected]T: +1 (203) 985 5596EU PR:Dan CaleyE: [email protected]T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1454235/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.57,0.11,0.32,True,English,"['Phase II/III Leniolisib Trial', 'Clinical Immunology Society', 'Positive Data', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'Pharming', 'multinational, triple-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, Phase III portion', 'Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'pivotal Phase II/III trial', 'naïve B cells', 'David S. Gottesman Professor', 'activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic', 'one to two people', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Phase III study', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'white blood cells', 'lymph node size', 'Mount Sinai School', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'immunoglobulin replacement therapy', 'two additional studies', 'physiological immune function', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'global regulatory filings', 'open-label extension study', 'index lymphadenopathy lesions', 'serious adverse events', 'permanent lung damage', 'class IA PI3K', 'Clinical Immunology Society', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'APDS disease markers', 'immune cells', 'clinical trial', 'delta isoform', 'U.S.', 'rare disease', 'primary endpoints', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'study drug', 'regulatory authorities', 'two genes', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'difficult disease', 'progressive disease', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'new data', 'M.D.', 'staff physician', 'National Institutes', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'mean change', 'log10 transformed', 'placebo group', 'Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles', 'Ph.D.', 'New York', 'great news', 'positive results', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'European launches', 'second half', 'Anurag Relan', 'unmet need', 'supportive therapies', 'geographic reach', 'Balanced signaling', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'anti-neoplastic activities', 'cell functions', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib group', 'study treatment', 'first time', 'baseline level', ""patients' symptoms"", 'APDS patients', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Health', 'Bethesda', 'Maryland', 'findings', 'presentation', 'CIS', 'February', 'Novartis', 'reduction', 'correction', 'shrinking', 'increased', 'proportion', 'population', 'day', 'significant', 'sum', 'product', 'diameters', 'SPD', 'discontinuation', 'deaths', 'incidence', 'SAEs', 'None', 'Medicine', 'medication', 'cause', 'care', 'milestone', 'approval', 'series', 'significance', 'antibiotics', 'globe', 'immunologists', 'hematologists', 'children', 'million', 'PASLI', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'variety', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'lymphoma', 'immunomodulating', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,prnewswire.com
2123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/aegon-n-v-announces-final-060000715.html,Aegon N.V. announces Final Results of Tender Offers for six series of subordinated notes,NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (THE UNITED STATES) OR IN OR I…,Aegon N.V.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (THE UNITED STATES) OR IN OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON WHERE OR TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS ANNOUNCEMENTThe Hague  April 1  2022 – Aegon N.V. (the Offeror) announces today the final results of its invitation to holders of its outstanding EUR 950 000 000 Perpetual Capital Securities (ISIN: NL0000116150) (the 2004 EUR Notes)  USD 500 000 000 Perpetual Capital Securities (ISIN: NL0000116168) (the 2004 USD Notes)  NLG 250 000 000 Perpetual Cumulative Subordinated Bonds 1995 (ISIN: NL0000120004) (the 1995 NLG Notes)  NLG 300 000 000 Perpetual Cumulative Subordinated Bonds 1996 (ISIN: NL0000121416) (the October 1996 NLG Notes)  NLG 450 000 000 Perpetual Cumulative Subordinated Bonds 1996 (ISIN: NL0000120889) (the February 1996 NLG Notes) and EUR 700 000 000 Fixed-to-Floating 4.000 per cent Subordinated Notes (ISIN: XS1061711575) (the NC2024 EUR Notes and  together with the 2004 EUR Notes  the 2004 USD Notes  the 1995 NLG Notes  the October 1996 NLG Notes and the February 1996 NLG Notes  the Notes and each a Series) to tender their Notes for purchase by the Offeror for cash (each such invitation an Offer and  together  the Offers).The Offers were announced on March 23  2022  and were made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the tender offer memorandum dated March 23  2022 (the Tender Offer Memorandum) prepared by the Offeror. Capitalized terms used in this announcement but not defined have the meanings given to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.The Expiration Deadline for the Offers was 5:00 p.m. (CET) on March 31  2022. As at the Expiration Deadline  the Offeror had received valid tenders for purchase pursuant to the Offer in respect of the 2004 EUR Notes of EUR 429 194 300 in aggregate nominal amount.Story continuesThe Offeror announces that it has decided that it will neither be accepting any of the 2004 USD Notes nor any Notes with a Priority Level of 2 (being the 1995 NLG Notes  the October 1996 NLG Notes  the February 1996 NLG Notes and the NC2024 EUR Notes) tendered for purchase in the Offer and no Series Acceptance Amount in respect of such Notes or pricing in respect of the NC2024 EUR Notes is being announced.The Offeror announces that it has decided to set the Final Acceptance Amount at EUR 429 194 300  which is higher than the Target Acceptance Amount. The Offeror announces that it has decided to accept all of the 2004 EUR Notes validly tendered for purchase and to set the Series Acceptance Amount in respect of the 2004 EUR Notes at EUR 429 194 300 in aggregate nominal amount.A summary of the final results of the Offer in relation to the 2004 EUR Notes appears below:Priority Description of the Notes ISIN/ Common Code Series Acceptance Amount Purchase Price Scaling Factor Outstanding principal amount post settlement 1 EUR 950 000 000 Perpetual Capital Securities NL0000116150 / 019600882EUR 429 194 300 90.00per cent N/A EUR 520 805 700The Offeror will not be making any further announcements in respect of the Offers.The Settlement Date in respect of the Notes accepted for purchase is expected to be April 5  2022.BofA Securities Europe SA is acting as Dealer Manager for the Offers and Lucid Issuer Services Limited is acting as Tender Agent.The Dealer ManagerBofA Securities Europe SA51 rue la Boétie75008 ParisFranceTelephone: +33 1 877 01057Attention: Liability Management GroupEmail: DG.LM-EMEA@bofa.comThe Tender AgentLucid Issuer Services LimitedThe Shard32 London Bridge StreetLondon SE1 9SGUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 (0) 20 7704 0880Attention: Arlind BytyqiEmail: aegon@lucid-is.comWebsite: https://deals.lucid-is.com/aegonDisclaimerThis announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. No offer or invitation to acquire any securities is being made pursuant to this announcement. The distribution of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum comes are required by each of the Offeror  the Dealer Manager and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Offer and distribution restrictionsThe distribution of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum comes are required by each of the Offeror  the Dealer Manager and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions. Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell the Notes (and tenders of Notes in the Offers will not be accepted from Noteholders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Veronique van Ede Jan Willem Weidema +31(0) 6 15 67 64 24 +31(0) 70 344 8028 veronique.vanede@aegon.com janwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.14,0.36,0.5,True,English,"['Aegon N.V.', 'Final Results', 'Tender Offers', 'six series', 'subordinated notes', 'ISIN/ Common Code Series Acceptance Amount', 'outstanding EUR 950,000,000 Perpetual Capital Securities', 'Lucid Issuer Services Limited', '0,000,000 Perpetual Cumulative Subordinated Bonds', 'BofA Securities Europe SA', 'Purchase Price Scaling Factor', '4.000 per cent Subordinated Notes', 'Outstanding principal amount', 'Target Acceptance Amount', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'Final Acceptance Amount', 'la Boétie', 'Liability Management Group', '32 London Bridge Street', 'London SE1 9SG', 'Aegon N.V.', 'The Settlement Date', 'tender offer memorandum', 'The Tender Agent', 'The Expiration Deadline', 'February 1996 NLG Notes', 'THE UNITED STATES', 'The Dealer Manager', 'NC2024 EUR Notes', 'October 1996 NLG Notes', 'The Hague', 'post settlement', 'The Shard', '2004 EUR Notes', 'final results', 'United Kingdom', '1995 NLG Notes', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Priority Level', 'Priority Description', 'Arlind Bytyqi', '2004 USD Notes', 'The Offeror', 'OTHER PERSON', 'Capitalized terms', 'valid tenders', 'distribution restrictions', 'FOR', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'INTO', 'AMERICA', 'TERRITORIES', 'POSSESSIONS', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'PUBLISH', 'DISTRIBUTE', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'April', 'invitation', 'holders', 'cash', 'Offers', 'March', 'conditions', 'meanings', 'CET', 'respect', 'Story', 'pricing', 'summary', 'relation', '51 rue', 'Paris', 'France', 'Telephone', 'Attention', 'Email', 'DG.', 'LM-EMEA', 'Website', 'deals', 'Disclaimer', 'conjunction', 'jurisdictions', 'law', 'Persons', 'solicitation', '5:00']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,ca.sports.yahoo.com
2124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sodexo-first-half-fiscal-2022-050000563.html,Sodexo: First half Fiscal 2022 Results up strongly,Revenue growth +19.4%  despite Omicron  organic growth +16.7%Underlying operating profit doubled  H1 margin at 5.2%  up +210 bpsFiscal 2022 guidance Organic ...,"Sodexo SARevenue growth +19.4%  despite Omicron  organic growth +16.7%Underlying operating profit doubled  H1 margin at 5.2%  up +210 bpsFiscal 2022 guidance Organic revenue growth around the bottom of the range of +15% to +18% Underlying operating profit margin close to 5% 1   at constant ratesIssy-les-Moulineaux  April 1  2022 - Sodexo (NYSE Euronext Paris FR 0000121220-OTC: SDXAY). At the Board of Directors meeting held on March 31  2022  and chaired by Sophie Bellon  the Board closed the Consolidated accounts for the First half Fiscal 2022 ended February 28  2022.Financial performance for First half Fiscal 2022(in millions of euro) H1 FISCAL 2022 H1 FISCAL 2021 DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE CONSTANT RATES Revenue 10 262 8 595 +19.4% +15.9% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 538 265 +103.0% +96.2% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN 5.2% 3.1% +210 bps +210 bps Other operating expenses (1) (128) -99.2% -100.9% OPERATING PROFIT 537 136 +294.9% +279.5% Net financial expense (53) (50) Tax charge (136) (53) Effective tax rate 28.3% 63.0% GROUP NET PROFIT 337 33 x10 x10 EPS (in euro) 2.30 0.23 x10 UNDERLYING NET PROFIT 339 128 +164.8% +156.0% UNDERLYING EPS (in euro) ² 2.32 0.87 +165.3%Sodexo Chairwoman and CEO Sophie Bellon said:“Revenue growth and margins improvement have been strong in this First half  reflecting the solid recovery in Education  Corporate Services and Sports & Leisure segments. Omicron did have an impact on the recovery in the second quarter  but we are seeing a pick-up since the end of February.We have closed the GET efficiency program  with better results than anticipated. The teams mobilized actively to implement measures to mitigate rising cost inflation: indexation  client negotiations  productivity  product substitution. These actions resulted in a +210 bps improvement of our Underlying operating profit margin to 5.2%.Since October 2021  we have made significant progress on our strategic priorities. Operational execution and sales development are improving in the United States. More new food model offers are being deployed in our major geographies. Our disposals and acquisitions are fully aligned with our portfolio strategy. The transfer of the management of Schools and Government & Agencies to the regions is a first step in the simplification of our organization.Story continuesIn the second half of the year  we are confident that the return to the workplace and Sports & Leisure events will continue to recover. However  the environment remains uncertain with intermittent local outbreaks of Covid-19  and the war in Ukraine. We are confident that we can manage the year end inflationary pressure on margins. Currencies should give us a nice tailwind  but we expect organic revenue growth to be around the bottom of the range we had given in October 2021.Our teams are mobilized to meet the challenges and I warmly thank them for their impressive engagement in the field with our clients and our suppliers. We remain confident in our capacity to continue to grow our business.”Highlights of the periodFirst half Fiscal 2022 Group revenue was 10 262 million euro  up +19.4%  with strong recovery coming through in all segments that were severely impacted by Covid. The currency effect was strong at +3.5%  resulting from the strength of all our major currencies against the euro. The net M&A contribution was -0.8% due to the exit of businesses  sold as part of the portfolio management program. As a result  Group organic revenue growth was +16.7%  back up to 95% of pre-Covid levels.On-site Services organic revenue growth was +17.0%   with a particularly strong first quarter up +17.9% and a second quarter at +16.1%  impacted by Omicron. The recovery was solid with the first quarter ending at 95 % of pre-Covid levels but falling back slightly to 94% in the second quarter due to Omicron. The key elements of the half-year were: In Business & Administrations   organic growth was +19.5% . It reflects a strong recovery in Corporate Services  back up to 89% of pre-Covid levels in Q2  due to a gradual but regular return to the workplace. Sports & Leisure is back up to 61%  as the number of events has picked up significantly. Energy & Resources and Government & Agencies remained solid. In Healthcare & Seniors   organic growth was +5.0%   with the first quarter up +7.4% and the second quarter up +2.5% reflecting a much tougher comparative base in Europe  including a high level of activities at the Testing Centers contract in the United Kingdom last year. In Education   organic growth was +29.5% . While the recovery in activity in Universities in North America was very strong during the period  Omicron did have an impact on the growth in the second quarter in Schools in North America and Europe. Relative to pre-Covid levels  Education was at 88% in the second quarter  back down from 92% in the first quarter  impacted also by the full effect of the Chicago Public Schools contract termination.Key Performance Indicators for the First half Fiscal 2022: Client retention was up +60 bps to 98.1%  improving in all regions and segments. New sales development was up +90 bps at 3.7%  with improvements in many regions  including North America. The higher levels of signings were combined with continued signing discipline  particularly regarding the average projected gross margin which is up +80 bps. Same site sales growth recovered strongly at +19.8%  as volume recovery came through  helped by some solid cross-selling in many segments and regions.Benefits & Rewards Services organic growth was +9.3%   with Employee benefits up a strong +14.5%. There was an acceleration in the second quarter in both the Europe  USA and Asia region and Latin America  where Brazil is also back to double digit growth.Underlying operating margin was 5.2%  up +210 bps versus First half Fiscal 2021. This significant improvement in performance is the result of the strong recovery in volumes  the successful completion of the GET efficiency program  and strong actions to mitigate inflation through indexation  contract renegotiations and productivity.Other operating expenses (net) amounted to only 1 million euros in First half Fiscal 2022  with restructuring costs falling to 3 million euros and gains on the sale of assets more or less off-setting losses. This compares to 128 million euros in the previous year.The Effective tax rate at 28.3% fell below 30%  back to a more regular rate.Group net profit recovered significantly at 337 million euros against 33 million euros in the previous year. Basic EPS was thus multiplied by 10 at €2.30 against €0.23 in the previous year. Underlying Net profit increased +164.8% to 339 million euros against 128 million euros in the previous year.First half Fiscal 2022 Free cash outflow was 75 million euros against the cash inflow of 237 million euros in the previous period. The previous year was boosted by delayed restructuring costs and government payment delays. This year performance was marred by the unwinding of these same government payment delays and restructuring costs combined with the reimbursement of Tokyo Olympics ticketing and an exceptional contribution to the United Kingdom pension funds. Recurring free cash flow was 182 million euros  after a significant increase in capex to 159 million euros  or 1.5% of revenues  relative to the exceptionally low level of 86 million euros  or 0.9% of revenues in the previous year.Net debt has risen year on year to 2.0 billion euros from 1.7 billion euros. However  gearing 2 is stable at 56% and as a result of the significant improvement in EBITDA  the net debt ratio 2 has fallen back down to 1.8x compared to 3.8x at the end of First half Fiscal 2021.Once again  our Corporate Responsibility achievements have been externally recognized: Sodexo earns its 15 th consecutive 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s annual assessment of LGBTQ+ workplace equality. Sodexo is ranked #1 of the food service sector in World Benchmarking Alliance’s (WBA) first Food and Agriculture Benchmark  which measures how the world's 350 most influential companies in the industry are transforming the food system for a more sustainable future. In February 2022  Sodexo was awarded Supplier Engagement Leader by CDP  placing us in the 8% top companies taking action to measure and reduce environmental risks within its supply chain.Strategic priorities Boost US growth:Sales momentum is developing with robust new development  an increase in the active pipeline  which should support stronger sales in the second half and solid retention. First time outsourcing contract signings are increasing and currently represent circa 40% of signatures in the First half. Investment in the Marketing & Sales resources is continuing with additions of new sales executives and managers and the recent launching of a new digital training program. A specific long-term incentive scheme for the North America leadership team has been launched to strengthen collective and individual accountability. Accelerate the food model transformation:The deployment of On-site brands & offers is accelerating with the scale-up of The Good Eating Company in the United States and new contracts signatures in the tech and finance sectors for Nourish  Fooditude and The Good Eating Company. We are developing partnerships with high-end brands such as an exclusive 10-year partnership with ForFive Coffee  a premium coffee and food company based in New York. The digitalization of the consumer experience is also progressing. In China  we are leveraging the Meican digital online ordering  mobile apps  smart waiter… to enhance the food offer and develop new smaller clients. We have signed an agreement to expand the Kiwibot fleet in 50 US universities by the end of the year. We are progressively transforming production & logistics: with our new branded offsite kitchens such as Fooditude  Nourish  Frontline Food Services but also with our new central production units in Boston or in Beijing. Manage more actively our portfolio:A number of strategic acquisitions & investments have been completed during the period: To expand the New Food Model offerings  we have acquired Frontline Food Services in North America and increased our participation in Meican in China. To strengthen our European GPO (Group purchasing organization)  two investments have been made in Europe. To enhance our value-added offers in Healthcare  a Technical Equipment management service company has been acquired in China. Divestment of non-core activities and geographies have also accelerated in the First half. In On-site Services  subsidiaries in Morocco  non-strategic account portfolios in Australia and Czech Republic and The Lido in France have all been sold. Benefits & Rewards Services disposed of its Russian activity and also the sports-cards in Romania and Spain. The Global Childcare activities and On-site Services in the Congo were closed in March. As a result  the Group has now reduced its presence down to 55 countries at the end of February 2022. Enhance the effectiveness of our organization:The GET efficiency program closed ahead of plan with 382 million euros of savings against the target of 350 million euros and a savings/cost ratio of 117% versus 100%. The reorganization of Government & Agencies and Education to be managed regionally has simplified the organization  and as a result two Global CEO positions have been removed from the Executive Committee. In the Executive Committee  Annick de Vanssay  interim Chief People Officer since September 2021  is now appointed as Group Chief Human Resources Officer and Alexandra Serizay  previously Chief of Staff of Sophie Bellon  is appointed Group Chief Strategy Officer.Ukraine war Sodexo does not have activities in Ukraine. Sodexo has a small On-site presence in Russia: less than 1% of Group revenues. The situation is being monitored closely and we are reviewing different options at the moment. From the beginning of the war  Sodexo has been strongly mobilized to ensure business continuity for its clients  guarantee the safety of its employees  and provide support to the refugees in countries bordering Ukraine. Sodexo Group and Stop Hunger have set up a Sodexo Employee Donations Global Initiative with the support of their long-term partner  the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP). Employee donations are matched by Sodexo and the money raised will be used to support refugees in the region and people affected by the war in Ukraine.OutlookThe First half Fiscal 2022 benefited from a strong recovery  post-Covid  in the Corporate Services  Sports & Leisure and Education segments but it was also impacted by Delta and Omicron in the second quarter. Since the end of February  momentum is picking back up. However  the current environment remains full of uncertainties. There is a resurgence of localized Covid outbreaks  several mobilizations in Russia will not happen  and the Testing Centers in the United Kingdom are closing earlier than expected.As a result  we expectFiscal 2022 organic growth to be around the bottom of the range of +15% to +18% given in October 2021.The currencies provided a strong tailwind in the First half and  at today’s rates  should continue to do so.Our teams have successfully managed the margins in the First half and are highly mobilized to mitigate all these uncertainties and in particular the additional inflation resulting from the disruption to the supply chain due to the Ukraine war.As a result  we maintain our expectations forFiscal 2022 Underlying Operating Profit margin close to 5%3  at constant rates.Conference callSodexo will hold a conference call in (English) today at 9:00 a.m. (Paris time)  8:00 a.m. (London time) to comment on its H1 Fiscal 2022 results.Those who wish to connect:From the United Kingdom: +44 2071 928 338  orFrom France: +33 1 70 70 07 81  orFrom the US: +1 646-741-3167 Following by the access code 92 69 446A live audio webcast is also available on www.sodexo.com.The press release  presentation and webcast will be available on the Group website www.sodexo.com in both the « Latest News » section and the « Finance – Financial Results » section.Fiscal 2022 financial calendarFiscal 2022 Third quarter Revenues July 1  2022 Fiscal 2022 Annual Results October 26  2022 Fiscal 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting December 19  2022Please note that the date of the Annual Shareholders Meeting has changed.These dates are indicative and may be subject to change without notice.Regular updates are available in the calendar on our website www.sodexo.comAbout SodexoFounded in Marseille in 1966 by Pierre Bellon  Sodexo is the global leader in Quality of Life Services  an essential factor in individual and organizational performance. Operating in 55 countries  our 412 000 employees serve 100 million consumers each day. Sodexo Group stands out for its independence and its founding family shareholding  its sustainable business model and its portfolio of activities including Food Services  Facilities Management Services and Employee Benefit Solutions. We provide quality  multichannel and flexible food experiences  but also design attractive and inclusive workplaces and shared spaces  manage and maintain infrastructure in a safe and environmentally friendly way  offer personalized support for patients or students  or even create programs fostering employee engagement. From Day 1  Sodexo has been focusing on tangible everyday gestures and actions through its services in order to have a positive economic  social and environmental impact over time. For us  growth and social commitment go hand in hand. Creating a better everyday for everyone to build a better life for all is our purpose.Sodexo is included in the CAC Next 20  CAC 40 ESG  FTSE 4 Good and DJSI indices.Key Figures17.4 billion euro in Fiscal 2021 consolidated revenues412 000 employees as at August 31  2021#1 France-based private employer worldwide 55 countries (as at Feb. 28  2022)100 million consumers served daily10.9 billion euro in market capitalization (as at March 31  2022)ContactsAnalysts and Investors Media Virginia Jeanson+33 1 57 75 80 56virginia.jeanson@sodexo.com Mathieu Scaravetti+33 6 28 62 21 91mathieu.scaravetti@sodexo.comSODEXOH1 2022 Financial ReportH1 Fiscal 2022 Activity Report1 First half Fiscal 2022 results up strongly1.1 H1 Fiscal 2022 operating performanceGroup revenues reached 10.3 billion euros  up +19.4%.The recovery in revenues continued to be solid in the first quarter of the year as activity in Sports & Leisure  Corporate Services and Education picked up strongly. In the second quarter  recovery stalled due to Omicron in these segments. However  profitability continued to improve in all segments and regions.As a result  First half Fiscal 2022 organic revenue growth reached +16.7%  with an Underlying Operating Profit margin at 5.2%  up +210 bps. Net profit was 337 million euros  up 10 times compared to 33 million euros in First half Fiscal 2021 and 378 million euros in First half Fiscal 2020  pre-Covid.1.2 New leadership for SodexoOn February 16  2022  the Group announced that the Board had decided to appoint Sophie Bellon as Chief Executive Officer of Sodexo  a position she has held on to an interim basis since October 1  2021. After a successful transition phase  the Board considered she was the best placed to lead the Group through this new phase in its history and to maintain the very strong momentum around the four key priorities:Boost US growth Accelerate the food model transformation Manage more actively our portfolio Enhance the effectiveness of our organizationOrganizational changesSince October 2021  a series of organizational changes have been undertaken. The Schools and Government & Agencies segments are now managed regionally by the Region/Country chair. As a result  the departing CEOs of these segments have not been replaced in the Executive Committee.In addition  changes within the Global Leadership team have been implemented: As of March 1  2022  Alexandra Serizay  previously Chief of Staff of Sophie Bellon  is appointed Group Chief Strategy Officer  member of the Executive Committee  to replace Sylvia Metayer who is retiring. Alexandra joined Sodexo in 2017 as Global Head of Strategy for the Corporate Services segment. In that role  she worked with the teams across the world to define the Segment’s strategic roadmap. She has previously developed solid expertise in M&A at Deutsche Bank  in strategy at Bain & Company  and in operations at HSBC  as COO and then as Deputy Head of retail banking for France  where  among others  she led the transformation to a multichannel model. Annick de Vanssay  interim Chief People Officer since September 2021  has now been appointed as Group Chief Human Resources Officer. Annick has developed a solid and proven expertise in Human Resources throughout her career. Among others  she held several senior positions in Human Resources in Groups such as Orange. During her career  she has contributed to major transformation projects.1.3 Working towards a Better TomorrowOnce again  our Corporate Responsibility achievements have been externally recognized:Sodexo earns its 15 th consecutive 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s annual assessment of LGBTQ+ workplace equality.Sodexo is ranked #1 of the food service sector in World Benchmarking Alliance’s (WBA) first Food and Agriculture Benchmark  which measures how the world's 350 most influential companies in the industry are transforming the food system for a more sustainable future.In February 2022  Sodexo was awarded Supplier Engagement Leader by CDP  placing us in the 8% top companies taking action to measure and reduce environmental risks within its supply chain.1.4 Evolution of the Board of DirectorsTo ensure balanced governance on the Board following the combining of the Chairwoman and CEO roles  the Board of Directors appointed Luc Messier  a Sodexo director since January 2020  as Lead Independent Director. His main mission is to ensure the proper governance of the company.According to the internal rules of the Board (published on sodexo.com) the Lead Independent Director has the power to:amend the agenda of the Board meetings;bring any situations of conflict of interest to the Board;in coordination with the Chairwoman  is the Board's spokesperson for investors and shareholders on governance issues.In line with the recommendations of the AFEP-Medef code  Sophie Bellon has resigned from the Nominating committee.As of March 1  2022  the Board Committees are made up as follows:Audit CommitteeSophie Stabile  Chairwoman  Independent directorJean-Baptiste Chasseloup de Chatillon  Independent directorFrançois-Xavier Bellon  DirectorVéronique Laury  Independent directorCathy Martin  Director representing employeesNominating CommitteeCécile Tandeau de Marsac  Chairwoman  Independent directorLuc Messier  Lead Independent directorFrançois-Xavier Bellon  DirectorNathalie Bellon-Szabo  DirectorFrançoise Brougher  Independent directorCompensation CommitteeCécile Tandeau de Marsac  Chairwoman  Independent directorPhilippe Besson  Director representing employeesFrançoise Brougher  Independent directorSophie Stabile  Independent director1.5 Ukraine war impactSodexo does not have activities in Ukraine.Sodexo has a small On-site presence in Russia: less than 1% of our revenues. The situation is being monitored closely and we are reviewing different options at the moment.From the beginning of the war  Sodexo has been strongly mobilized to ensure business continuity for its clients  guarantee the safety of its employees  and provide support to the refugees in countries bordering Ukraine. Sodexo Group and Stop Hunger have set up a Sodexo Employee Donations Global Initiative with the support of their long-term partner  the United Nations World Food Program (WFP). Employee donations are matched by Sodexo and the money raised will be used to support refugees in the region and people affected by the war in Ukraine.2 H1 Fiscal 2022 performance2.1 Consolidated income statement(in millions of euros) H1 FISCAL 2022 H1 FISCAL 2021 DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE CONSTANT RATES Revenue 10 262 8 595 +19.4% +15.9% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 538 265 +103.0% +96.2% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN 5.2% 3.1% +210 bps +210 bps Other operating expenses (1) (128) OPERATING PROFIT 537 136 +294.9% +279.5% Net financial expense (53) (50) PRE-TAX PROFIT excluding share of profit from Equity method companies 484 86 Tax charge (136) (53) Effective tax rate 28.3% 63.0% GROUP NET PROFIT 337 33 x10 x10 EPS (in euros) 2.30 0.23 x10 UNDERLYING NET PROFIT 339 128 +164.8% +156.0% Underlying EPS (in euros) 2.32 0.87 +165.3%2.2 Currency effectExchange rate fluctuations do not generate operational risks  because each subsidiary bills its revenues and incurs its expenses in the same currency. However  given the weight of the Benefit & Rewards activity in Brazil  and the high level of its margins relative to the Group  when the Brazilian real declines against the euro  it has a negative effect on the Underlying Operating Profit margin due to a change in the mix of margins. Conversely  when the Brazilian real strengthens Group margins increase.1€= AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2022 AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2021 AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2022 VS. H1 FY 2021 CLOSING RATEAT 28/02/2022 CLOSING RATEAT 31/08/21 CLOSING RATE28/02/2022 VS. 31/08/2021 U.S. dollar 1.143 1.197 +4.7% 1.120 1.183 +5.7% Pound Sterling 0.846 0.897 +6.1% 0.836 0.859 +2.8% Brazilian real 6.258 6.554 +4.7% 5.783 6.139 +6.2%The positive contribution of currencies in First half Fiscal 2022 is the result of the recent weakness of the euro against all our main currencies with an increase in the U.S. dollar and the Brazilian real of +4.7% and sterling of +6.1% cumulating in a +3.5% positive impact on revenues and no impact on the Underlying Operating Profit margin.Sodexo operates in 55 countries. The percentage of total revenues and Underlying Operating Profit denominated in the main currencies are as follows:FISCAL 2022 % OF REVENUES % OF UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT U.S. dollar 39 % 51 % Euro 24 % -2 % UK pound Sterling 10 % 10 % Brazilian real 4 % 14 %The currency effect is determined by applying the previous year’s average exchange rates to the current year figures.2.3 RevenuesREVENUES BY ACTIVITY REVENUES(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH ORGANIC GROWTH EXTERNAL GROWTH CURRENCY EFFECT TOTAL GROWTH Business & Administrations 5 160 4 280 +19.5 % +19.6 % -2.0 % +3.0 % +20.6 % Healthcare & Seniors 2 675 2 338 +5.0 % +9.8 % +0.7 % +4.0 % +14.5 % Education 2 030 1 620 +29.5 % +20.7 % -0.2 % +4.8 % +25.3 % ON-SITE SERVICES 9 865 8 238 +17.0 % +17.0 % -0.9 % +3.6 % +19.8 % BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES 398 359 +9.3 % +9.3 % +0.5 % +1.0 % +10.8 % Elimination (1) (2) TOTAL GROUP 10 262 8 595 +16.7 % +16.7 % -0.8 % +3.5 % +19.4 %First half Fiscal 2022 consolidated revenues were at 10.3 billion euros  up +19.4% year-on-year including a negative net contribution from acquisitions and disposals of -0.8% and a strong currency impact of +3.5%. Excluding these elements  organic revenue growth was +16.7%.ON-SITE SERVICESOn-site Services organic revenue growth was +17.0% for the period  with a solid recovery up to the end of December  an Omicron impact in Q2 in Corporate Services  Sports & Leisure and Education  and a visible improvement by the end of February. As a result  the second quarter  at 94% of pre-Covid Fiscal 2019 revenues at constant rates  was slightly below the first quarter at 95%  but still well above the levels of Fiscal 2021.The performance of the main segments relative to Fiscal 2019 revenues is as follows:AT CONSTANT RATESin % of Fiscal 2019 revenues Q3 FY 2020 Q4 FY 2020 Q1 FY 2021 Q2 FY 2021 Q3 FY 2021 Q4 FY 2021 Q1 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2022 Business & Administrations 71 % 70 % 78 % 78 % 78 % 82 % 91 % 91 % Of which Corporate Services 73 % 74 % 79 % 78 % 75 % 79 % 87 % 89 % Of which Sports & Leisure 16 % 9 % 14 % 17 % 22 % 43 % 64 % 61 % Education 46 % 64 % 72 % 68 % 79 % 85 % 92 % 88 % Of which Schools 52 % 78 % 87 % 84 % 88 % 99 % 104 % 92 % Of which Universities 41 % 52 % 61 % 54 % 72 % 71 % 84 % 84 % Healthcare & Seniors 88 % 92 % 97 % 100 % 96 % 100 % 105 % 104 % On-site Services 70 % 75 % 81 % 81 % 83 % 87 % 95 % 94 % Benefits & Rewards Services 77 % 95 % 100 % 94 % 96 % 97 % 107 % 106 % Group 70 % 75 % 81 % 82 % 83 % 87 % 95 % 94 %During the first half of Fiscal 2022  the Food services activity recovered strongly  up +27% in line with the recovery in Education and Sports & Leisure segments. Facilities Management services continued to grow  up +5% year on year despite the impact of the termination of the Chicago Public Schools contract and lower activity in the Testing Centers in the second quarter.By the end of the second quarter  Food services were back up to 82% of pre-Covid levels. The lower level in FM services at 112% at the end of the second quarter was due to the full effect of the Chicago Public Schools contract termination  significant volatility in the Testing Centers activity between the first and second quarters and a base effect linked to acquisitions consolidated from the second quarter Fiscal 2019.Key performance indicators have improved across the board during the First half Fiscal 2022:client retention was 98.1%  up +60 bps compared to First half Fiscal 2021 with improvements in all segments and regions.new sales development was up +90 bps at 3.7%  with a solid contribution from Business & Administrations and Healthcare & Seniors. Education is also up but is less significant due to the seasonality of the new business decisions which tend to be taken at the end of the academic year. This increase in development is accompanied by an +80bps improvement in expected gross margins.same site sales were up +4 250 bps at +19.8%  thanks to the strong volume recovery in Corporate Services  Sports & Leisure and Education and solid cross-selling particularly in Healthcare & Seniors.ON-SITE SERVICES REVENUES BY REGION REVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH North America 4 232 3 174 +27.1 % Europe 3 917 3 528 +10.6 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 1 716 1 535 +11.0 % ON-SITE SERVICES TOTAL 9 865 8 238 +17.0 %The +27.1% organic growth in North America in the First half reflects the reopening of all schools and universities and Sports & Leisure sites  and a slow return to work. The region is still only at 85% of pre-Covid levels due to the significant weight of Sports & Leisure and Corporate Services in the mix of business.Europe was up +10.6% reflecting continued recovery in the region  which in the First half Fiscal 2022 was back up over 95% of pre-Covid levels.Asia-Pacific  Latin America  Middle East and Africa grew organically by +11.0% and now running at 21% above pre-Covid levels.FOR THE SECOND QUARTER ONLY REVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) Q2 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH North America 2 026 1 486 +25.8 % Europe 1 895 1 721 +10.0 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 862 767 +10.5 % ON-SITE SERVICES TOTAL 4 783 3 974 +16.1 %Growth in the second quarter Fiscal 2022 slowed slightly in all regions relative to the first quarter  due to an ever-improving comparable base. While the recovery in Europe was impacted by Omicron  from 98% of pre-Covid levels in the first quarter to 93% in the second quarter  the recovery continued in North America up +1% to 86% of pre-Covid levels in the second quarter.Business & AdministrationsREVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH North America 1 263 828 +45.2 % Europe 2 354 2 084 +15.1 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 1 542 1 369 +10.8 % BUSINESS & ADMINISTRATIONS TOTAL 5 160 4 280 +19.5 %First half Fiscal 2022 Business & Administrations revenues totaled 5.2 billion euros  up +19.5% organically.FOR THE SECOND QUARTER ONLY REVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) Q2 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2021 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH North America 620 405 +41.8 % Europe 1 146 1 004 +16.8 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 776 687 +10.3 % BUSINESS & ADMINISTRATIONS TOTAL 2 543 2 095 +19.5 %Second quarter organic growth in North America was +41.8% due to a solid recovery in activity in Corporate services and Sports & Leisure. While the first benefited from a continued although very slow return to work  the rebound in the Sports & Leisure activity stalled in the second quarter due to the impact of Omicron. On the other hand  Energy & Resources segment growth accelerated during the period due to new contract startups and return of support workers onsite.In Europe  second quarter revenues were up +16.8% organically  boosted by a solid recovery in Corporate Services and Sports & Leisure  although the recovery stalled due to the protective measures put in place for Omicron. On the other hand  the contribution from new contracts in the Government & Agencies and Energy & Resources segments was not enough to compensate the loss of the Transforming Rehabilitation contract in the UK.In Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa  organic revenue growth was +10.3%. The Corporate Services segment continued to grow double digit as activity picked up strongly in India and remained strong in all other regions. Energy & Resources continued to achieve very solid growth. New business ramp-ups and strong underlying growth in the energy sector compensated some contract losses.Healthcare & SeniorsREVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH North America 1 424 1 297 +4.7 % Europe 1 114 910 +4.8 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 137 131 +9.6 % HEALTHCARE & SENIORS TOTAL 2 675 2 338 +5.0 %Healthcare & Seniors First half revenues amounted to 2.7 billion euros  up +5.0% organically.FOR THE SECOND QUARTER ONLY REVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) Q2 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2021 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH North America 730 643 +5.2 % Europe 537 467 -1.5 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 70 66 +9.2 % HEALTHCARE & SENIORS TOTAL 1 337 1 177 +2.5 %In North America  organic growth was +5.2%  helped by some inflation and ongoing recovery in Seniors occupancy. Hospital activity has been growing in volume  but retail activity is still at only 70% of pre-Covid levels.In Europe  organic growth was -1.5%  impacted by a significant volatility in activity in the Testing centers from quarter to quarter and year to year. Seniors occupancy continues to pick up progressively.In Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa  organic revenue growth was +9.2%  due to strong volume growth related to new contracts in Asia and same-site growth in Brazil.EducationREVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH North America 1 545 1 050 +40.4 % Europe 449 535 +3.1 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 36 35 +27.7 % EDUCATION TOTAL 2 030 1 620 +29.5 %First half Fiscal 2022 revenues in Education were 2.0 billion euros  up +29.5% organically.FOR THE SECOND QUARTER ONLY REVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) Q2 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2021 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH North America 676 438 +41.2 % Europe 212 250 +6.6 % Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa 16 14 +26.5 % EDUCATION TOTAL 904 703 +30.6 %In the second quarter  North America was up +41.2% with all schools and colleges open during the quarter. The recovery did stall in the second quarter compared to the first quarter due to Omicron and the full impact of the Chicago Public Schools contract termination. In Universities  Board plans are nearly back up to Fiscal 2019 levels. However  the retail and events activities were impacted by staff shortages  lower footfall  and sanitary protocols.In Europe  revenue was up +6.6% organically. Schools were fully open  against a previous year which had been impacted by confinement in the UK. However  student attendance rates were still below normal levels due to the number of cases of Omicron during the quarter.In Asia-Pacific  Latam  Middle East and Africa  organic growth was +26.5% reflecting very rapid ramp-up in student attendance in India  particularly in universities.BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICESFirst half Fiscal 2022 Benefits & Rewards Services revenue amounted to 398 million euros  up +9.3% organically.Employee Benefits organic growth was back up to double digit at +14.5% compared to an issue volume up +13.3%. Services Diversification was down -7.6% organically.REVENUES BY ACTIVITY(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH Employee Benefits 324 275 +14.5 % Services Diversification* 73 84 -7.6 % BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES 398 359 +9.3 %* Including Incentive & Recognition  Mobility & Expenses and Public Benefits.FOR THE SECOND QUARTER ONLY REVENUES BY ACTIVITY(in millions of euros) Q2 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH Employee Benefits 177 145 +18.9 % Services Diversification* 39 45 -12.8 % BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES 215 190 +11.4 %* Including Incentive & Recognition  Mobility & Expenses and Public Benefits.In the second quarter  the organic growth in Employee Benefits revenues was very strong at +18.9%  compared to an organic growth in issue volume of +17.4% boosted by particularly strong gift activity.Services Diversification was down -12.8% organically. While fuel and mobility cards activity grew double digit  this was more than offset by a substantial reduction in Covid-related public benefits.REVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH Europe  USA and Asia 267 242 +9.9 % Latin America 131 116 +8.2 % BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES 398 359 +9.3 %FOR THE SECOND QUARTER ONLY REVENUES BY REGION(in millions of euros) Q2 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH Europe  USA and Asia 147 130 +12.5 % Latin America 68 60 +9.1 % BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES 215 190 +11.4 %In the second quarter  Europe  USA and Asia  organic revenue growth was +12.5% boosted by very strong growth in issue volume in Israel and Turkey.In Latin America  organic growth was +9.1%  boosted by a return to high single digit growth in Brazil  on double digit growth in Issue volumes. Growth remained solid in the rest of the region.REVENUES BY NATURE(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2022 H1 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH Operating Revenues 375 339 +8.9 % Financial Revenues 23 20 +16.6 % BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES 398 359 +9.3 %First half Fiscal 2022 Operating revenues were up +8.9% and Financial revenues were up +16.6%.FOR THE SECOND QUARTER ONLY REVENUES BY NATURE(in millions of euros) Q2 FY 2022 Q2 FY 2021 ORGANIC GROWTH Operating Revenues 203 180 +10.6 % Financial Revenues 12 11 +25.5 % BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES 215 190 +11.4 %In the second quarter  Operating revenues were back up to double digit growth at +10.6%  boosted in particular by much better momentum in Brazil and a very strong year end season for gift cards. Financial revenues were up very strongly at +25.5% due to the significant increase in the Selic (official Brazilian interest rate) which is now back up over 11%  having been below 3% 12 months ago.2.4 Underlying Operating ProfitFirst half Fiscal 2022 Underlying Operating Profit was 538 million euros  more than double the previous year. The Underlying operating margin was up +210 bps to 5.2%  reflecting the solid recovery in activity.The significant step-up in the Underlying operating margin semester after semester  since the low in Second half Fiscal 2020 of -1.5%  reflects the improvement in activity levels  very tight cost control  numerous contract renegotiations in the On-site activities  more active portfolio management  and the contribution from the GET efficiency program.The GET efficiency program was aimed at protecting the gross profit margin as government aid receded and structurally reducing SG&A for the long-term by simplifying the structures in the Group  to free up capacity to invest in growth and to enhance margins. The program has now been closed.GET PROGRAM FISCAL 2020 FISCAL 2021 FISCAL 2022 TARGET (in millions of euros) CUMULATED NUMBERS Total exceptional costs 158 312 327 350 Cash impact (75) (217) (305) (315) SG&A savings — 91 157 175 Gross profit cost avoidance — 127 225 175 Total savings — 218 382 350 Savings/Costs 117% 100%Cumulated up to the end of First half Fiscal 2022  the GET program has cost 327 million euros  generated 382 million euros of annual savings  with a cash impact of 305 million euros  of which of 37 million euros in First half Fiscal 2022. As a result  the program exceeded the target cost savings by 32 million euros with a ratio of savings to costs of 117%  also above the target of 100%.(in millions of euros) UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFITH1 FISCAL 2022 DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE (EXCLUDINGCURRENCY EFFECT) UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGINH1 FISCAL 2022 DIFFERENCEIN MARGIN DIFFERENCE IN MARGIN(EXCLUDING CURRENCY MIX EFFECT) Business & Administrations 138 +753.5% +705.9% 2.7% +230 bps +230 bps Healthcare & Seniors 171 +14.9% +10.6% 6.4% 0 bps 0 bps Education 172 +146.5% +135.8% 8.5% +420 bps +410 bps On-site Services 481 +104.8% +96.8% 4.9% +200 bps +190 bps Benefits & Rewards Services 106 +25.3% +25.2% 26.7% +310 bps +330 bps Corporate expenses & Intragroup eliminations (50) +8.9% +9.3% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 538 +103.0% +96.2% 5.2% +210 bps +210 bpsAt current rates  First half Fiscal 2022 On-site Services Underlying Operating Profit doubled year on year and the margin rose by +200 bps  or +190 bps at constant currency mix effect  to 4.9%. The currency impact during the First half was limited.The performance by segment at constant rates is as follows:Business & Administrations Underlying Operating profit increased seven-fold from a very low level in Fiscal 2021. As a result  the Underlying operating margin was up +230 bps to 2.7%. Progress is solid  linked to the recovery in revenues  even though the margin is still some way off the Fiscal 2020 first half margin of 4%. It also represents a significant improvement in margins since the beginning of the pandemic  from -3.3% in Second half Fiscal 2020  to 0.4% in First half 2021 and 1.9% in the Second half. While the margin has recovered significantly in Corporate Services and is back to breakeven in Sports & Leisure  the margin in Energy & Resources has been temporarily impacted by high levels of Omicron-linked absenteeism  particularly in the mining sector  and some major contract ramp-ups.in Healthcare & Seniors  the Underlying Operating Profit margin is flat year on year at 6.4% but higher than in the First half Fiscal 2020  pre-Covid  at 6.3%. Net new business is positive for margins and inflation is being passed on either through indexation clauses  contract negotiations or productivity measures.in Education  Underlying Operating Profit more than doubled and the margin was up by +410 bps at 8.5%  compared to a margin of 8.4% in First half Fiscal 2020. This performance reflects strong volume recovery in North America and Asia  productivity in Europe and strict cost management throughout. Inflation has been passed on to clients or compensated by productivity.In Benefits & Rewards Services  excluding negligible currency impacts  Underlying Operating Profit was up +25.2% and the margin was 26.7%  up +330 bps. This represents a progressive pick-up in the margin over the last few semesters  as the business has recovered from the negative effects of the Covid confinements. While cost reduction has continued  spending on enhanced digitalization and new offerings has also continued. The recovery in financial revenues is also feeding through into enhanced margins.2.5 Group net profitOther net operating expenses amounted to 1 million euros compared to 128 million euros in the previous year.With the closing of the GET program  in First half Fiscal 2022  restructuring costs fell to only 3 million euros. Gains related to the sale of assets were more or less offset by the losses.As a result  the Operating Profit was up strongly at 537 million euros compared to 136 million euros in the previous year.(in millions of euros) H1 FISCAL 2022 H1 FISCAL 2021 UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 538 265 OTHER OPERATING INCOME 67 8 Gains related to consolidation scope changes 33 3 Gain on disposals of non-current assets — — Gains on changes of post-employment benefits — 4 Other 34 — OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES (68) (136) Restructuring and rationalization costs (3) (107) Losses related to consolidation scope changes (34) (1) Amortization of purchased intangible assets (20) (21) Impairment of goodwill and non-current assets — — Acquisition-related costs (2) (2) Losses on changes of post-employment benefits (1) (1) Losses related to the disposal of non-current assets — — Other (8) (3) OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES (NET) (1) (128) OPERATING PROFIT 537 136First half Fiscal 2022 Net financial expense was up at 53 million euros against 50 million euros in the previous year. The increase is attributable to the increased gross debt resulting from the US Dollar bond issue in April 2021 somewhat offset by the 600 million euros reimbursement of a euro bond in October 2021. The blended cost of gross debt was 1.5% as at February 28  2022  which is slightly lower than the rate at the end of February and August 2021 of 1.6%.The tax charge was up strongly at 136 million euros due to the very significant increase in the pre-tax profit. However  the effective tax rate fell below 30%  back to a more regular rate at 28.3%  compared to 63% in the previous year.The share of profit of other companies accounted for using the equity method was 2 million euros in First half Fiscal 2022  compared to 2 million euros in the preceding year. Profit attributed to non-controlling interests was 11 million euros compared to the previous year amount of 2 million euros.As a result  First half Fiscal 2022 Group Net Profit was multiplied by 10 to 337 million euros  compared to 33 million euros in the previous year. Underlying Net Profit adjusted for Other Operating income and expenses net of tax amounted to 339 million euros  compared to 128 million euros in the previous year  up +164.8%.2.6 Earnings per sharePublished First half Fiscal 2022 EPS was 2.30 euros against 0.23 euro in the previous year. The weighted average number of shares for Fiscal 2022 was more or less stable at 146 292 627 compared to 146 001 603 shares for First half Fiscal 2021.Underlying EPS amounted to 2.32 euros  up +165.3% compared to the previous year.3 Consolidated financial position3.1 Cash flowsCash flows for the period were as follows:(in millions of euros) H1 Fiscal 2022 H2 Fiscal 2021 Operating cash flow 674 405 Change in working capital excluding change in BRS financial assets (1) (481) 41 IFRS 16 outflow (109) (123) Net capital expenditure (159) (86) Free cash flow (2) (75) 237 Net acquisitions (26) (10) Share buy-backs (13) (11) Dividends paid to shareholders (294) — Other changes (including scope and exchange rates) (156) (28) (Increase)/decrease in net debt (564) 187(1) Excluding change in financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity of 67 million euros in Fiscal 2022 versus -42 million euros in Fiscal 2021. Total change in working capital as reported in consolidated accounts: in Fiscal 2022: -414 million euros = -481 million euros + 67million euros and in Fiscal 2021: -1 million euros = 41 million euros - 42 million euros.(2) The Group does not believe the accounting treatment introduced by IFRS 16 modifies the operating nature of its lease transactions. Accordingly  to ensure the Group’s performance measures continue to best reflect its operating performance  the Group considers repayments of lease liabilities as operating items impacting the Free cash flow  which integrates all lease payments (fixed or variable). To be consistent  the lease liabilities are not included in Net debt (treated as operating items).First half Fiscal 2022 Free cash outflow was 75 million euros against an inflow of 237 million euros in the previous period.First half Fiscal 2022 Operating cash flow improved to 674 million euros against 405 million euros in the previous period as a result of the significant improvement in the operating profit of the Group. On the other hand  working capital deteriorated significantly with an outflow of cash of 481 million euros during the First half Fiscal 2022. This was exceptionally high due to the 37 million euros cash effect of the restructuring costs  the unwinding of the government Covid-linked payment delays for 100 million euros  reimbursement of the Tokyo Olympics hospitality packages for 55 million euros  an exceptional cash contribution to the UK pension fund for 71 million euros and a 7 million euros net cash inflow for Benefits & Rewards Services resulting from the Hungarian indemnity related to closing the business  which is offset by the fine related to the dispute with the French competition authorities which is being paid monthly.Net capital expenditure  including client investments  at 159 million euro  or 1.5% of revenues  increased year on year from the exceptionally low level of 86 million euros in the previous year.While contract-linked capital expenditure in some segments has continued to be delayed due to the effect of the pandemic  IT investment is maintained  and the digitization of Benefits & Rewards Services continues. Given the Group's mix of segments and geographies  and in a normal environment  this rate should be running at around 2.5% of annual revenues.Given the number of completed disposals since the beginning of the year  the cash impact of acquisitions net of disposals amounted to 26 million euros.The resumption of the payment of a dividend on Fiscal 2021 earnings resulted in an outflow of 294 million euros.After taking into account Other changes  consolidated net debt increased by 564 million euros during the First half to 2 042 million euros at February 28  2022.3.2 Acquisitions and disposals for the periodFirst half Fiscal 2022 has been an active period for closing numerous disposals of non-core activities and geographies:The On-site Services activities in MoroccoThe Lido in FranceNon-strategic account portfolios in Australia  Czech RepublicBenefits & Rewards Services in RussiaBenefits & Rewards Services sports cards in Romania and SpainThe Global Childcare activities and the Onsite Services business in the Congo were completed mid-March.On the other hand  further strategic acquisitions & investments have also been made:In the New Food Model  we have acquired Frontline Food Services  North America  and increased our participation in the digital food services company  Meican  ChinaIn the GPO space  we have made two investments to strengthen the position of Entegra in EuropeIn the Healthcare segment  we have a acquired a technical equipment management activity in China.3.3 Condensed consolidated statement of financial position at February 28  2022(in millions of euros) FEBRUARY 28  2022 FEBRUARY 28  2021 (in millions of euros) FEBRUARY 28  2022 FEBRUARY 28  2021 Non-current assets 10 063 9 766 Shareholders’ equity 3 615 2 917 Current assets excluding cash 5 980 4 943 Non-controlling interests 10 15 Restricted cash Benefits & Rewards 782 795 Non-current liabilities 7 129 6 238 Financial assetsBenefits & Rewards 221 342 Current liabilities 8 899 8 886 Cash 2 607 2 210 TOTAL ASSETS 19 653 18 056 TOTAL LIABILITIESAND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 19 653 18 056 Borrowings 5 647 5 005 Net debt 2 042 1 681 Gearing 56% 57% Net debt ratio 1.8x 3.8xThe increase in shareholders’ equity was due to several factors: the currency translation adjustment of some currencies such as US Dollar  UK Sterling and the Brazilian real  as well as the revaluation of financial assets under IFRS 9.As of February 28  2022  net debt was 2 042 million euros  representing a gearing of 56%  and a net debt ratio of 1.8x  firmly within the target range of between 1 and 2x.In October 2021  Sodexo reimbursed by anticipation a 600 million euros bond due to mature in January 2022.As a result  at February 28  2022  the Group's gross debt amounted to 5.6 billion euros  of which 94% is at fixed rates and 21% is dollar-denominated  with an average maturity of 5.2 years and 100% covenant-free.Operating cash reached a total of 3 605 million euros  including 782 million euros of restricted cash and 221 million euros of financial assets of Benefits & Rewards Services.The Benefits & Rewards Services activity asset to liability coverage is at 114% compared to 113% as at February 28  2021  with operating cash of 2 442 million euros and client receivables of 1 600 million euros  compared to voucher liabilities payable of 3 556 million euros.The rest of the Group also had a significant operating cash position of 1 163 million euros.At the end of the First half  the Group had unused credit lines totaled 1.7 billion euros and total liquidity was 5.3 billion euros.3.4 Subsequent eventsThe operation to combine the Group's Childcare activities with those of the Grandir group  announced in July 2021  has been approved by the competition authorities. The operation closed on March 14  2022.Since March 24  2022  the war in Ukraine is having a limited impact on our onsite activities in Russia  but which account for less than 1% of revenues.Please refer to paragraph 1.1.5 Russia - Ukraine war impact3.5 Alternative Performance Measure definitionsBlended cost of debtThe blended cost of debt is calculated at period end and is the weighted blended financing rate on borrowings (including derivative financial instruments and commercial papers) and cash pooling balances at period end.Financial ratios definitionFIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Gearing ratioBorrowings (1) – operating cash (2) 56.3%57.3%Shareholders’ equity and non-controlling interests Net debt ratio*Borrowings (1) – operating cash (2) 1.83.8Rolling 12-month Underlying EBITDA(underlying operating profit before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) (3)Financial ratios reconciliationFIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 (1) Borrowings (1)Long-term borrowings 5 601 4 398 + Short-term borrowings 55 641 - Derivative financial instruments recognized as assets (9) (34) BORROWINGS 5 647 5 005 (2) Operating cashCash and cash equivalents 2 607 2 210 + Restricted cash and financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity 1 003 1 137 - Bank overdrafts (5) (23) OPERATING CASH 3 605 3 324 (3) Underlying EBITDAUnderlying operating profit 851 149 + Depreciation and amortization 514 - Payments 244 289 ROLLING 12-MONTH UNDERLYING EBITDA(UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION) 1 121 440Free cash flowPlease refer to the section entitled Consolidated financial position.Growth excluding currency effectThe currency effect is determined by applying the previous year’s average exchange rates to the current year figures except in hyper-inflationary economies where all figures are converted at the latest closing rate for both periods when the impact is significant.Issue volumeIssue volume corresponds to the total face value of service vouchers  cards and digitally delivered services issued by Benefits & Rewards Services for beneficiaries on behalf of clients.Net debtNet debt is defined as Group borrowing at the balance sheet date  less operating cash.Organic growthOrganic growth corresponds to the increase in revenue for a given period (the “current period”) compared to the revenue reported for the same period of the prior fiscal year  calculated using the exchange rate for the prior fiscal year; and excluding the impact of business acquisitions (or gain of control) and divestments  as follows:for businesses acquired (or gain of control) during the current period  revenue generated since the acquisition date is excluded from the organic growth calculation;for businesses acquired (or gain of control) during the prior fiscal year  revenue generated during the current period up until the first anniversary date of the acquisition is excluded;for businesses divested (or loss of control) during the prior fiscal year  revenue generated in the comparative period of the prior fiscal year until the divestment date is excluded;for businesses divested (or loss of control) during the current fiscal year  revenue generated in the period commencing 12 months before the divestment date up to the end of the comparative period of the prior fiscal year is excluded.Underlying Net profitUnderlying Net profit presents a net income excluding significant unusual and/or infrequent elements. Therefore  it corresponds to the Net Income Group share excluding Other Income and Expense and significant non-recurring elements in both Net Financial Expense and Income Tax Expense where relevant.Underlying Net profit per shareUnderlying Net profit per share presents the Underlying net profit divided by the average number of shares.Underlying operating profit marginThe underlying operating profit margin corresponds to Underlying operating profit divided by revenues.Underlying operating profit margin at constant ratesThe underlying operating profit margin at constant rates corresponds to Underlying operating profit divided by revenues  calculated by converting 2022 figures at Fiscal 2021 rates  except for countries with hyperinflationary economies.First half Fiscal 2022Condensed consolidated financial statements1 Consolidated financial statements1.1 Consolidated income statement(in millions of euros) NOTES FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Revenues 4.1 10 262 8 595 Cost of sales 4.2 (8 792) (7 415) Gross profit 1 470 1 181 Selling  General and Administrative costs 4.2 (934) (918) Share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity methodthat directly contribute to the Group’s business 2 2 Underlying operating profit 4.1 538 265 Other operating income 4.2 67 8 Other operating expenses 4.2 (68) (136) Operating profit 537 136 Financial income 8.1 10 12 Financial expenses 8.1 (63) (62) Share of profit of other companies accounted for using the equity method — 2 Profit for the period before tax 484 88 Income tax expense 2.2 and 9.1 (136) (53) Net profit for the period 348 35 Of which: Attributable to non-controlling interests 11 2 ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT 337 33 Basic earnings per share (in euro) 7.2 2.30 0.23 Diluted earnings per share (in euro) 7.2 2.27 0.221.2 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in millions of euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 NET PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 348 35 Components of other comprehensive income that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 235 (18) Change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments 1 Change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments reclassified to profit or loss Currency translation adjustment 232 (21) Currency translation adjustment reclassified to profit or loss 1 Tax on components of other comprehensive income that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Share of other components of comprehensive income (loss) of companies accounted for using the equity method  net of tax 2 2 Components of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profitor loss 147 106 Remeasurement of defined benefit plan obligation 104 (37) Change in fair value of financial assets revalued through other comprehensive income 73 136 Tax on components of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss (30) 7 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  AFTER TAX FOR THE PERIOD 381 88 Comprehensive income for the period 729 123 Of which: Attributable to equity holders of the parent 717 121 Attributable to non-controlling interests 12 21.3 Consolidated statement of financial positionAssets(in millions of euros) NOTES FEBRUARY 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 Goodwill 6 149 5 811 Other intangible assets 640 631 Property  plant and equipment 503 461 Right-of-use assets relating to leases 871 903 Client investments 596 560 Investments in companies accounted for using the equity method 68 63 Non-current financial assets 8.3 876 734 Other non-current assets 209 31 Deferred tax assets 151 165 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 10 063 9 360 Financial assets 8.3 52 55 Inventories 301 256 Income tax receivable 200 158 Trade and other receivables 4.3 5 096 4 271 Restricted cash and financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity 4.4 1 003 1 062 Cash and cash equivalents 8.2 2 607 3 539 Assets held for sale 3.2 331 290 CURRENT ASSETS 9 590 9 632 TOTAL ASSETS 19 653 18 991Shareholders’ equity and liabilities(in millions of euros) NOTES FEBRUARY 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 Share capital 590 590 Additional paid-in capital 248 248 Reserves and retained earnings 2 775 2 330 EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT 3 615 3 168 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 10 7 SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY 7 3 625 3 175 Long-term borrowings 8.4 5 601 5 453 Long-term lease liabilities 734 763 Employee benefits 301 357 Other non-current liabilities 194 181 Non-current provisions 105 106 Deferred tax liabilities 194 101 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 7 129 6 962 Bank overdrafts 8.2 5 7 Short-term borrowings 8.4 55 635 Short-term lease liabilities 179 176 Income tax payable 204 188 Current provisions 6.1 120 148 Trade and other payables 4.3 4 603 4 429 Voucher liabilities 4.4 3 556 3 133 Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale 3.2 177 138 CURRENT LIABILITIES 8 899 8 853 TOTAL SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 19 653 18 9911.4 Consolidated cash flow statement(in millions of euros) NOTES FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Operating profit 536 136 Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment (1) 259 290 Provisions (35) 58 (Gains) losses on disposals 1 (1) Other non-cash items 19 21 Dividends received from companies accounted for using the equity method 1 2 Net interest expense paid (16) (10) Interests paid on lease liabilities (9) (10) Income tax paid (82) (82) Operating cash flow 674 405 Change in inventories (26) 13 Change in trade and other receivables (783) (484) Change in trade and other payables 19 184 Change in vouchers payable 309 329 Change in financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity 67 (42) Change in working capital from operating activities (414) (1) NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 260 404 Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (158) (137) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 7 37 Change in client investments (8) 14 Change in financial assets and share of companies accounted for using the equity method (70) (9) Business combinations 3.1 (41) (19) Disposals of activities 19 8 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES (251) (105) Dividends paid to Sodexo S.A. shareholders 7.1 (294) — Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (4) (8) Purchases of treasury shares 7.1 (13) (11) Disposal of treasury shares 7.1 6 4 Change in non-controlling interests — (2) Proceeds from borrowings 8.4 43 3 Repayment of borrowings 8.4 (623) (6) Repayments of lease liabilities (108) (123) NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (993) (144) NET EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES AND OTHER EFFECTS ON CASH 54 11 CHANGE IN NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (930) 166 NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  BEGINNING OF PERIOD 3 532 2 021 NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  END OF PERIOD 8.2 2 602 2 187(1) Including 106 million euros corresponding to the right-of-use assets depreciation recognized in First Half Fiscal 2022 pursuant to IFRS 16 (127 million euros recognized for First Half Fiscal 2021).1.5 Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity(in millions of euros)NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDINGSHARE CAPITALADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITALRESERVES AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOMECURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTTOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS TOTAL Notes 7.1 Shareholders’ equityas of August 31  2021 147 454 887 590 248 3 455 (1 125) 3 168 7 3 175 Restatement due to IFRS IC decision on IAS 19 application * 10 10 10 Shareholders’ equityas of September 01  2021 147 454 887 590 248 3 465 (1 125) 3 178 7 3 185 Net profit for the period 337 337 11 348 Other comprehensive income (loss)  net of tax 148 232 380 1 381 Comprehensive income 485 232 717 12 729 Dividends paid (294) (294) (10) (304) Treasury share transactions (7) (7) (7) Share-based payment(net of income tax) 21 21 21 Change in ownership interest without any change of control — — — Other — — — — SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITYAS OF FEBRUARY 28  2022 147 454 887 590 248 3 670 (893) 3 615 10 3 625*See note 2.1.2(in millions of euros)NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDINGSHARE CAPITALADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITALRESERVES AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOMECURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTTOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS TOTAL Notes 7.1 Shareholders’ equityas of August 31  2020 147 454 887 590 248 3 162 (1 242) 2 758 15 2 773 Net profit for the period 33 33 2 35 Other comprehensive income (loss)  net of tax 109 (21) 88 88 Comprehensive income 142 (21) 121 2 123 Dividends paid — (4) (4) Treasury share transactions (8) (8) (8) Share-based payment(net of income tax) 22 22 22 Change in ownership interest without any change of control — 2 2 Other 24 24 24 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITYAS OF FEBRUARY 28  2021 147 454 887 590 248 3 342 (1 263) 2 917 15 2 9322 Notes to the consolidated financial statementsSodexo is a société anonyme (a form of limited liability company) registered in France  with its headquarters located in Issy-les-Moulineaux.Sodexo’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six-month period from September 1  2021  to February 28  2022  were approved by the Board of Directors on March 31  2022.The numbers shown in the tables were prepared in thousands of euros and are presented in millions of euros (unless otherwise indicated).Note 1.Significant events1 Impact of the Covid-19 pandemicAfter a strong recovery in the first quarter of the year in Sports & Leisure  Business Services and Education  the trend reversed slightly in January due to Omicron  particularly in Business Services due to a return to full teleworking in many countries and the number of sick students and teachers in schools and universities. The spread of the Omicron variant has also led to increased absenteeism in some countries  necessitating additional costs to ensure continuity of service. However  profitability continued to improve across all segments and regions.Management of liquidityWith sufficient cash flows provided by operating activities for investments and acquisitions  the Group’s financial situation remains solid.In addition  as mentioned in note 8.4  the Group has access to credit facilities that can be utilized at any time as needed for 1.7 billion euros (the confirmed credit facilities are undrawn as of February 28  2022). Furthermore  with operating cash of 3.6 billion euros  the Group has access to 5.3 billion euros of liquidity as of February 28  2022.Therefore  as of the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements by the Board of Directors  the Group considers there is no risk of going concern.2 Impacts of the Ukraine warThe Sodexo Group has no subsidiary in Ukraine. The Group operates in Russia but given the limited size of its operations (less than 1% of Group revenue and Underlying operating profit)  the Group does not expect material impacts in its consolidated financial statements.Note 2.Accounting policies1 Basis of preparation of the financial statements1.1 Basis of preparation of financial information for Fiscal 2022The condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended February 28  2022  have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 ""Interim Financial Reporting""  as published by the IASB and endorsed by the European Union. They do not include all the disclosures required for a complete set of annual financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Sodexo Group for the fiscal year ended August 31  2021.The accounting policies applied by the Group in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended February 28  2022 are the same as those used in the annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended August 31  2021  with the exception of the specific requirements of IAS 34 (see note 2.2) and of the accounting principles impacted by the IFRS Interpretation Committee relating to IAS 19 ""Employee benefits"" (see note 2.1.2). The other texts effective as of September 1  2021  did not have a material impact on interim consolidated financial statements of the Group.The Group has not applied any IFRSs that had not yet been approved by the European Union as of February 28  2022. The Group has not elected to early adopt any standards or interpretations whose application is not mandatory in Fiscal 2022.1.2 New accounting standards and interpretations required to be appliedThe application of the IFRS Interpretation Committee decision issued in April 2021 clarifying the calculation methods  in application of IAS 19 ""Employee benefits""  for certain commitments relating to defined benefit plans impacted the consolidated shareholder's equity as of September 1  2021  for 10 million euros after tax.In March 2021  the IFRS Interpretation Committee made final its decision providing details on the accounting for configuration and customization costs of SaaS (Software as a Service) type software. The impacts on consolidated financial statements of the Group of this decision is currently being analyzed.2 Specific interim reporting requirementsIncome tax expenseIncome tax expense (current and deferred) in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements is computed by applying an estimated average annual tax rate for the current fiscal year to each tax reporting entity's pre-tax profit for the first half of the year as adjusted  where applicable  for the tax effect of any specific events that may have occurred during the period. The resulting deferred tax charge or benefit is recognized in deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.Post-employment and other long-term employee benefitsThe expense for post-employment and other long-term employee benefits is computed as one half of the annual charge estimated as of August 31  2021. The actuarial projections are updated to take into account any material changes to assumptions or one-off impacts (discount rates  applicable legislation...) during the six-month period.3 Use of estimatesThe preparation of the condensed interim consolidated financial statements requires the management of Sodexo and its subsidiaries to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the amounts reported for assets  liabilities and contingent liabilities as of the date of preparation of the financial statements  and of revenues and expenses for the period.These estimates and judgments are updated continuously based on past experience and on various other factors considered reasonable in view of the situation prevailing as of February 28  2022 and are the basis for the assessments of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities. Unpredictability generated by Covid-19 pandemic made the use of estimations and hypothesis a key factor in the establishment of the consolidated financial statements.Final amounts may differ substantially from these estimates if assumptions or circumstances change.Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions are the same as those described in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31  2021 (valuation of current and non-current assets  assessment of deferred tax assets recoverability  valuation of financial assets measured at fair value  provisions – including uncertain tax treatments – and litigations  assessment of the lease term in measuring the lease liabilities and related right-of-use assets  post-employment defined benefit plan assets and liabilities  and share-based payments).Note 3.Main changes in scope of consolidation1 Business combinationsDuring the First Half Fiscal 2022  goodwill totaling 129 million euros was recognized  mainly on the acquisition of Frontline Food Services in the United States of America in February 2022 for On-site Services and Wedoogift goodwill adjustment in France for Benefits & Rewards Services.The remaining goodwill change corresponds to exchange rates differences.The table below shows the impact of newly consolidated entities. It includes the values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed  as provisionally estimated as of February 28  2022:(in millions of euros) FEBRUARY 28  2022 Intangible assets 1 Property  plant and equipment 33 Financial assets 2 Trade receivables 39 Cash and cash equivalents 67 Income tax payable — Trade and other payables (110) Net deferred tax — TOTAL IDENTIFIABLE NET ASSETS 34 CONSIDERATION TRANSFERRED (1) 163 GOODWILL (2) 129(1) Including 55 million euros increase during corresponding to the increase of liabilities recognized in connection with written put options over non-controlling interests in certain subsidiaries.(2) Goodwill is recognized as the difference between acquisition price and identifiable net assets at fair value. It principally represents the savoir-faire and expertise of employees and synergies expected from acquired companies.Business combinations impacts the Cash flow statement as follows:Price paid during the period (109) Cash acquired 68 Business combinations (41)Companies consolidated during the First Half Fiscal 2022 were integrated from the date of acquisition and contributed for 6 million euros to consolidated revenue and for 1 million euros to the consolidated underlying operating profit of the period.2 Disposed or held for sales activitiesThe Group continued its portfolio rationalization by disposing a certain number of activities  resulting in a net loss on disposal of 1 million euros recognized in ""Other operating income and expenses"" during the First Half Fiscal 2022 (see note 4.2.2 ""Other operating income and expenses"").Assets and liabilities classified as “Assets held for sale” for 331 million euros and “Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale” for 177 million euros mainly concern Childcare activities in France and in Spain  for which the Group has announced on July 27  2021  to have entered exclusive negotiations in relation with their disposal with the group Grandir. The transaction closed in March 2022 (see note 9.5 ""Subsequent events""). As the fair value of the assets held for sale is higher than the carrying value  no impairment has been recorded for these assets in the consolidated financial statements as of February 28  2022.Note 4.Segment information and other operating items1 Segment informationThe segment information presented below has been prepared based on internal management data as monitored by the Group Executive Committee  which is Sodexo’s chief operating decision-maker: On-site Services and Benefits & Rewards Services.For On-site Services  Revenue and Underlying operating profit are followed by global client segments. These global client segments meet the definition of operating segments in IFRS 8.Sodexo’s operating segments and groups of operating segments are as follows:On-site Services: Business & Administrations  which includes Corporate Services  Energy & Resources  Government & Agencies  Sports & Leisure and other non-segmented activities  Healthcare  combined with Seniors  Education  comprising Schools and Universities;Benefits & Rewards Services.The operating segments that have been aggregated carry out similar operations – both in terms of type of services rendered and the processes and methods used to deliver the services – and have similar economic characteristics (notably in terms of the margins they generate).Segment assets and liabilities are not presented as they are not included in the chief operating decision-maker’s measurement of segment performance.No single Group client or contract accounts contribute for more than 2% of the consolidated revenues.1.1 By business segmentFIRST HALF FISCAL 2022(in millions of euros) ON-SITE SERVICES BUSINESS & ADMINISTRATIONS HEALTHCARE & SENIORS EDUCATION BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES ELIMINATIONSAND CORPORATE EXPENSES GROUP TOTAL Revenues (third-party) 9 865 5 160 2 675 2 030 397 — 10 262 Inter-segment sales (Group) — — — — 1 (1) — TOTAL REVENUES 9 865 5 160 2 675 2 030 398 (1) 10 262 Underlying operating profit* 481 138 171 172 106 (50) 538* Including Group’s share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business and excluding other operating income and expenses.FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021(in millions of euros) ON-SITE SERVICES BUSINESS & ADMINISTRATIONS HEALTHCARE & SENIORS EDUCATION BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES ELIMINATIONSAND CORPORATE EXPENSES GROUP TOTAL Revenues (third-party) 8 238 4 280 2 338 1 620 357 — 8 595 Inter-segment sales (Group) — — — — 2 (2) — TOTAL REVENUES 8 238 4 280 2 338 1 620 359 (2) 8 595 Underlying operating profit* 235 16 149 69 85 (55) 265* Including Group’s share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business and excluding other operating income and expenses.1.2 By significant countryThe Group’s operations are spread across 55 countries  including three that each represent over 10% of consolidated revenues in First Half Fiscal 2022: France (the Group’s registration country)  the United States and the United Kingdom. Revenues in these countries are as follows4.1.3 By line of servicesRevenues by line of services are as follows:(in millions of euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Food services 5 849 4 510 Facilities Management services 4 016 3 728 Total On-site Services revenues 9 865 8 238 Benefits & Rewards Services 398 359 Eliminations (1) (2) TOTAL CONSOLIDATED REVENUES 10 262 8 5952 Operating expenses by nature and other operating income and expenses2.1 Operating expenses by nature(in millions of euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Employee costs (5 159) (4 665) Wages and salaries (4 035) (3 590) Other employee costs (1) (1 124) (1 075) Purchases of consumables and change in inventory (2 469) (1 916) Depreciation  amortization  and impairment losses (2) (250) (306) Amortization of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets relating to leases (250) (304) Impairment of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets relating to leases — (3) Rent and attached charges (3) (181) (48) Other operating expenses (4) (1 666) (1 523) TOTAL NET OPERATING EXPENSES (9 727) (8 460)(1) Primarily payroll taxes  but also including costs associated with defined benefit plans  defined contribution plans and restricted share plans.(2) Including the depreciation of right-of-use assets relating to lease contracts of (106) million euros recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 ((127) million euros in First Half Fiscal 2021).(3) Corresponds to rent not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities  primarily variable lease payments (commissions based on performance indicators of locations operated under concession arrangements)  as well as lease expenses relating to short-term lease contracts and lease contracts of low value assets. The increase observed over the period relates mainly to the variable part of commissions due under concession arrangements.(4) Other expenses mainly include professional fees  other purchases used for operations  sub-contracting costs and travel expenses.2.2 Other operating income and expenses(in millions of euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Gains related to consolidation scope changes (2) 33 2 Gain on disposals of non-current assets — 1 Gains on changes of post-employment benefits — 4 Other (1) 34 — OTHER OPERATING INCOME 67 8 Restructuring and rationalization costs (3) (107) Losses related to consolidation scope changes (2) (34) (1) Amortization of purchased intangible assets (20) (21) Impairment of goodwill and non-current assets — — Acquisition-related costs (2) (2) Losses on changes of post-employment benefits (1) (1) Losses on disposals of non-current assets — — Other (8) (3) OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES (68) (136) TOTAL OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES (1) (128)(1) Indemnity received from the Hungarian State (note 6.2)(2) Disposal activities during 1st half 2022 (cf. note 3.2)3 Trade and other receivables and payables3.1 Trade and other receivables(in millions of euros)FEBRUARY 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT Advances to suppliers 28 — 28 12 12 Trade receivables 4 619 (156) 4 463 3 866 (158) 3 708 Other operating receivables 416 (13) 403 381 (13) 368 Prepaid expenses 195 — 195 182 — 182 Non-operating receivables 8 (1) 7 2 (1) 1 TOTAL TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 5 266 (170) 5 096 4 443 (172) 4 271The maturities of trade receivables as of February 28  2022  and August 31  2021 respectively were as follows:BREAKDOWN OF TRADE RECEIVABLES DUE:(in millions of euros)FEBRUARY 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT Less than 3 months past due 483 (12) 471 350 (9) 341 More than 3 months and less than 6 monthspast due 80 (10) 70 86 (9) 77 More than 6 months and less than 12 monthspast due 30 (7) 23 39 (9) 30 More than 12 months past due 120 (96) 24 121 (93) 28 TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES DUE 714 (126) 588 597 (121) 476 Total trade receivables not yet due 3 905 (30) 3 875 3 269 (36) 3 234 TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES 4 619 (156) 4 463 3 866 (158) 3 708During the fiscal years presented  the Group was not affected by any significant change resulting from proven client failures. In addition  given the geographic dispersion of the Group’s activities and the wide range of client industries  there is no material concentration of risk in individual receivables due but not written down.3.2 Trade and other payables(in millions of euros) FEBRUARY 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 Operating payables 160 147 Non-operating payables 34 34 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 194 181 Trade payables 2 346 2 179 Employee-related liabilities 1 257 1 258 Advances from clients 419 394 Tax liabilities 266 306 Other operating payables 166 153 Deferred revenues 116 108 Non-operating payables 33 32 TRADE AND OTHER CURRENT PAYABLES 4 603 4 429 TOTAL TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES 4 797 4 610As of February 28  2022  the total amount of receivables transferred by Sodexo’s suppliers through the reverse factoring programs is 374 million euros (274 million euros as of August 31  2021).Trade payables that have been financed through a reverse factoring program as of the fiscal year-end are still classified as trade payables and included in the total of trade payables.4 Benefits & Rewards Services activity(in millions of euros) February 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 Trade and other receivables 1 600 1 295 Trade and other payables (1) (345) (329) Voucher liabilities (2) (3 556) (3 133) Vouchers in circulation (2 890) (2 599) Voucher payables (500) (370) Other (1) (167) (164) WORKING CAPITAL EXCLUDING RESTRICTED CASH AND FINANCIAL ASSETSOF THE BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES ACTIVITY (2 301) (2 166) Restricted cash and financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity 1 003 1 062 Restricted cash 782 773 Market securities > 3 months 221 289 Cash and cash equivalents (1) 1 440 1 200 Bank overdrafts (1) (5) OPERATING CASH ASSETS OF THE BENEFITS & REWARDS SERVICES ACTIVITY 2 442 2 257(1) Including intragroup transactions.(2) Voucher liabilities are accounted at fair value as current liabilities  which is the face value of vouchers in circulation and of vouchers back at Sodexo and not yet reimbursed.Note 5.Impairment of non-current assetsDuring the first half of the year  the Group carried out a review of impairment triggers likely to lead to a decrease in the recoverable value of its tangible and intangible assets.In particular  Sodexo analyzed the performance of its operating segments (groups of CGUs at which goodwill is monitored) during the first half compared to the estimates used during the Fiscal 2021 annual closing for impairment testing. The Group has also analyzed the evolution since August 31  2021  of the main financial parameters (discount rate and long-term growth rate).Despite the uncertainty around the evolution of the pandemic  the Group’s management has concluded that there was no evidence of triggers indicating a decrease in the recoverable value of its operating segments as of February 28  2022  compared to August 31  2021. The annual review of the carrying amount of goodwill and other intangible assets will be realized during the Second Half Fiscal 2022.Note 6.Provisions  litigation  and contingent liabilities1 Provisions(in millions of euros) AUGUST 31  2021 INCREASES/CHARGES REVERSALS WITH UTILIZATION REVERSALS WITHOUT UTILIZATION CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT AND OTHER CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION FEBRUARY 28  2022 Reorganization costs 67 2 (31) (4) — 0 34 Employee claims and litigation 56 7 (6) (6) 1 0 53 Tax and social security exposures 30 1 (1) — 1 — 32 Contract termination and loss-making contracts 27 3 (7) (4) 1 — 20 Client/supplier claims and litigation 23 16 (6) — — — 33 Negative net assets of associates (1) 6 — — — 0 — 7 Other provisions 45 3 (1) (2) 1 0 46 TOTAL PROVISIONS 254 34 (51) (17) 5 — 225(1) Investments in companies accounted for using the equity method that have negative net assets.Provisions for exposures and litigation are determined on a case-by-case basis and rely on management’s best estimate of the outflows deemed likely to satisfy legal or implicit obligations to which the Group is exposed as of the end of the fiscal year.2 Litigation and contingent liabilitiesDisputes with the Brazilian tax authoritiesThe Group is in dispute with the Brazilian tax authorities regarding the tax deductibility of the amortization of goodwill recognized on the purchase of VR in March 2008. For the record  in Fiscal year 2017  Sodexo Pass do Brasil received a tax reassessment notice from the Brazilian tax authorities for fiscal years 2010  2011 and 2012 relating to the deductibility for tax purposes of the amortization of goodwill recognized on the purchase of VR in March 2008. The reassessment amounted to 93 million euros (breaking down as 25 million euros in principal and 68 million euros in penalties and late payment interest).Sodexo Pass do Brasil is firmly disputing this reassessment  which the Brazilian tax authorities originally envisaged during a previous tax audit covering fiscal years 2008 and 2009 but then abandoned. The Group considers that the goodwill amortization was valid  both in terms of its underlying reasons and the way it has been recorded. Therefore  the Group considers that there is a strong probability of winning the dispute with the tax authorities  and this has been confirmed by its tax advisors. Consequently  no provision was recorded for this dispute in the statement of financial position as of August 31  2017.This dispute was presented on August 14  2018  for a judgment of the competent administrative court. The court ruled in favor of Sodexo Pass do Brasil as it considered that the goodwill and corresponding tax amortization were legitimately recognized on the acquisition of VR. The judgment therefore confirms that Sodexo Pass do Brasil acquired a full business structure when it purchased VR.This judgment can be reversed on appeal. The Group believes  after consulting its advisors  that the risk of change in this judgement is low.The tax savings generated by this tax depreciation were offset in the combined accounts of the Group by a deferred tax expense of the same amount for each of the financial periods concerned  in accordance with the IFRS rules. The deferred tax liability related to the reassessed periods amounts to 25 million euros as of First Half Fiscal 2022 (24 million euros as of August 31  2021).Dispute with the French competition authorityOn October 9  2015  the company Octoplus filed a complaint with the French Competition Authority (Autorité de la concurrence) concerning several French meal voucher issuers  including Sodexo Pass France. Following the hearing of the parties concerned in April and July 2016  the Competition Authority decided on October 6  2016  to continue the proceedings  without ordering interim measures against Sodexo Pass France.On February 27  2019  the prosecution services sent their final investigation report to Sodexo Pass France. In its response filed on April 29  2019  the Group contested both of the grievances notified by the Authority (exchange of information and foreclosure of the meal voucher market through the Centrale de Règlement des Titres). On December 17  2019  the French Competition Authority ruled against the meal voucher issuers and fined Sodexo Pass France  jointly and severally with Sodexo S.A.  126 million euros. This decision was formally notified to Sodexo Pass France and Sodexo S.A. on February 6  2020. Sodexo vigorously contests this decision considering that it demonstrates a flawed understanding of the practices in question and of the way in which the market operates. Sodexo has therefore lodged an appeal against the decision with the Paris Court of Appeal. The hearing was held on November 18  2021  and the Court of Appeal is expected to render its decision on November 24  2022. Given the significant impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the Group's activities and performance  Sodexo obtained a decision from the State collection services allowing it to defer payment of the fine until December 15  2021  without any penalty being due  subject to providing a bank guarantee  and from that date a monthly settlement plan until the decision of the Court of Appeal.Dispute in HungaryFollowing legislative and regulatory changes to the issuance of food and meal voucher market in Hungary  Sodexo made an application to the International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) in July 2014 for arbitration proceedings to be commenced against the Hungarian state.The ICSID issued its decision on January 28  2019  ordering the Hungarian State to pay compensation in an amount of 73 million euros to Sodexo  together with accrued interest from December 31  2011.On May 27  2019  the Hungarian State lodged an appeal against this decision  which was rejected by the ICSID on May 7  2021  thereby definitively confirming its decision of January 28  2019  and the obligation of the Hungarian state to compensate Sodexo in accordance with international law.The Hungarian State paid an indemnity in an amount of 33.5 million euros to Sodexo Pass International on December 31  2021  in consideration of the prejudice caused as a result of the expropriation by the Hungarian state of Sodexo Pass International’s investment in Hungary further to the legislative and regulatory changes implemented by the Hungarian State in the issuance of food and meal voucher market in Hungary.This payment definitively puts an end to the dispute between them with regard to the ICSID arbitration award. An income of 33.5 million euros has been recognized accordingly in other operating income in First Half Fiscal 2022 (see note 4.2.2 Other operating income and expenses)French tax reassessmentSodexo S.A. received in December 2021 a notification for proposed tax reassessments concerning Fiscal 2016  Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018. After review with its tax advisors  the Company considers that it has strong arguments to contest the major part of the proposed reassessments.Other disputesGroup subsidiaries can also be subject to tax audits certain of which may result in reassessments. In each case  the risk is assessed by management and its advisors  and any charges deemed probable are recorded as provisions or tax liabilities.The Group is not aware of any other governmental  judicial or arbitral proceedings which are outstanding or threatened and which may have  or have had in the past 12 months  material effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability.Sodexo is also involved in other legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business. The Group does not anticipate that any potential related liabilities will in the aggregate be material to its activities or to its consolidated financial position.Note 7.Equity and earnings per share1 Equity1.1 Statement of changes in shareholders’ equityComposition of share capital and treasury shares(Number of shares) FEBRUARY 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 Share Capital (1) 147 454 887 147 454 887 Treasury shares (2) 1 249 534 1 166 593 Outstanding shares 146 205 353 146 288 294(1) With a par value of 4 euros each.(2) Treasury shares value of 115 million euros as of February 28  2022 (108 million euros as of August 31  2021).DividendsFIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Dividends paid (in millions of euros) 294 — Dividend per share paid (in euros) 2.00 —Sodexo's bylaws confer double voting rights on shares held in registered form for more than four years.Furthermore  since Fiscal 2013  shares held in registered form for at least four years and still held in that form when the dividend becomes payable  are entitled to a dividend premium equal to 10% of the dividend paid on the other shares. The number of shares eligible for this dividend premium may not exceed 0.5% of the share capital for any single shareholder.2 Earnings per shareThe table below presents the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent (in millions of euros) 337 33 Basic weighted average number of shares 146 292 627 146 001 603 Basic earnings per share (1) (in euros) 2.30 0.23 Average dilutive effect of free share plans 2 141 092 1 745 611 Diluted weighted average number of shares 148 433 719 147 747 216 Diluted earnings per share (1) (in euros) 2.27 0.22(1) Basic and diluted earnings per share do not reflect the effect of the dividend premium to be paid on certain registered shares.Note 8.Cash and cash equivalents  financial assets and liabilities  and financial income and expense1 Financial income and expense(in millions of euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2022 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2021 Gross borrowing cost (1) (43) (42) Interest income from short-term bank deposits and equivalent 2 4 NET BORROWING COST (41) (37) Interest on financial lease liabilities IFRS 16(2) (9) (10) Net foreign exchange gains/(losses) 1 (2) Net interest cost on net defined benefit plan obligation (1) (1) Interest income from loans and receivables at amortized cost 3 2 Other financial income 6 5 Other financial expense (12) (6) NET FINANCIAL EXPENSE (53) (50) Of which Financial income 10 12 Of which Financial expense (63) (62)(1) Gross borrowing cost represents interest expense on financial liabilities at amortized cost and interest expense on hedging instruments.(2) Interest on lease liabilities recognized in accordance with IFRS 16.2 Cash and cash equivalents(in millions of euros) FEBRUARY 28  2022 AUGUST 31  2021 Marketable securities 437 329 Cash* 2 169 3 211 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 2 607 3 539 Bank overdrafts (5) (7) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS NET OF BANK OVERDRAFTS 2 602 3 532* Including 12 million euros allocated to the liquidity contract signed with an investment services provider  which complies with the Code of conduct drawn up by the French financial markets’ association (Association française des marchés financiers – AMAFI) and approved by the French securities regulator (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF)  for the purpose of improving the liquidity of Sodexo shares and the regularity of the quotations.Marketable securities comprised5.3 Financial assetsPrincipal investments in non-consolidated companiesMeasurement of Bellon SA SecuritiesThe Group holds  through its wholly owned subsidiary Sofinsod  a 19.61% stake in Bellon SA  a company that controls Sodexo SA with 42.75% of its shares and 57.38 % of its voting rights exercisable on February 28  2022. This shareholding does not give the Group significant influence over Bellon SA  as voting rights attached to Bellon SA shares cannot be exercised by Sofinsod  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 233-31 of Code de Commerce.In accordance with IFRS 9  this investment is measured at its fair value  determined in accordance with IFRS 13. The valuation of the fair value of the investment depends  among other things  on the revalued net asset value (NAV) of Bellon SA which has limited debt and holds no assets other than shares of Sodexo S.A. These shares are valued at their closing share price for the calculation of the NAV of Bellon SA. Furthermore  the valuation method used by management (Level 3 of the hierarchy defined by IFRS 13) incorporates the illiquidity implied by the characteristics of the holding's ownership structure (discount to net asset value of Bellon SA estimated at 40% as of February 28  2022  and August 31  2021).As of February 28  2022  the fair value of the investment is assessed at 533 million euros (481 million euros as of August 31  2021)  and its change since the opening of the year has been recorded in other non-recyclable items of comprehensive income (OCI).Restricted cash and financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activityRestricted cash corresponds to 782 million euros of “Financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity” primarily in funds set aside to comply with regulations governing the issuance of service vouchers in France (256 million euros)  Romania (94 million euros)  Belgium (181 million euros)  India (110 million euros) and China (70 million euros). The funds remain the property of the Group but are subject to restrictions on their use. They may not be used for any purpose other than to reimburse affiliates and must be kept separate from the Group’s unrestricted cash. Restricted cash is invested in interest-bearing instruments.4 BorrowingsChanges in borrowings during First Half Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were as follows:(in millions of euros) AUGUST 31  2021 INCREASES REPAYMENTS DISCOUNTING EFFECTS AND OTHER CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION FEBRUARY 28  2022 Bond issues (1) 6 053 41 (623) (13) 68 — 5 526 Private Placementsand bank borrowings 1 — — — — — 1 Other borrowings (2) 30 76 — — — 4 110 TOTAL BORROWINGS EXCLUDING DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 6 084 117 (623) (13) 68 4 5 637 Net fair value of derivative financial instruments (13) — — 19 3 — 9 TOTAL BORROWINGS 6 071 117 (623) 6 72 4 5 646(1) As of February 28  2022  accrued interest on bond issues represented 34 million euros (19 million euros as of August 31  2021).The decrease of 623 million euros mainly corresponds to the early repayment of the 2022 Sodexo bond in October 2021  initially due to mature in January 2022.(2) Of which 55 million euros increase during First Half Fiscal 2022 (25 million euros as of August 31  2021) corresponding to the increase of liabilities recognized in connection with written put options over non-controlling interests in certain subsidiaries.Borrowings excluding derivative financial instruments6In order to comply with the Group’s financing policy  substantially all borrowings are long term and at fixed interest rates.As of February 28  2022  94% of the Group’s borrowings were at fixed rate. The average rate of interest as of the same date was 1.5%.As of August 31  2021  95% of the Group’s borrowings were at fixed rate. The average rate of interest as of the same date was 1.6%.The bond issues and borrowings from financial institutions described above include customary early redemption clauses. These clauses include cross-default and change-in-control clauses which apply to all of the borrowings.None of the bond issues have a financial covenant.Concerning the interest rate benchmarks reform  the Group finalized the discussions with counterparties to negotiate the change of benchmarks for the main instruments impacted (primarily the multicurrency confirmed credit facility; see below). As of February 28  2022  the Group exposure to indexed financial instruments to benchmarks that will disappear and whose ma",neutral,0.16,0.78,0.06,mixed,0.44,0.24,0.33,True,English,"['First half Fiscal 2022 Results', 'Sodexo', 'More new food model offers', 'Chicago Public Schools contract termination', 'DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE CONSTANT RATES Revenue', 'net M&A contribution', 'year end inflationary pressure', 'Group organic revenue growth', 'Underlying operating profit margin', 'Testing Centers contract', 'Fiscal 2022 Group revenue', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'GET efficiency program', 'rising cost inflation', 'intermittent local outbreaks', 'tougher comparative base', 'Other operating expenses', 'Effective tax rate', 'Net financial expense', 'CEO Sophie Bellon', 'Key Performance Indicators', 'portfolio management program', 'First half Fiscal', 'strong first quarter', 'NET PROFIT', 'H1 margin', 'Financial performance', 'organic growth', 'Fiscal 2022 guidance', 'H1 FISCAL', 'Tax charge', 'portfolio strategy', 'second half', 'key elements', 'first step', 'second quarter', 'Directors meeting', 'Consolidated accounts', 'Corporate Services', 'client negotiations', 'product substitution', '+210 bps improvement', 'significant progress', 'strategic priorities', 'Operational execution', 'sales development', 'United States', 'major geographies', 'nice tailwind', 'impressive engagement', 'currency effect', 'pre-Covid levels', 'site Services', 'high level', 'United Kingdom', 'North America', 'full effect', 'Client retention', 'strong recovery', 'Sodexo SA', 'Sodexo Chairwoman', 'margins improvement', 'solid recovery', 'major currencies', 'regular return', 'Leisure segments', 'Leisure events', 'Omicron', 'bottom', 'range', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'April', 'OTC', 'SDXAY', 'Board', 'March', 'millions', 'EPS', 'Education', 'Sports', 'impact', 'pick-up', 'February', 'results', 'teams', 'measures', 'indexation', 'productivity', 'actions', 'October', 'disposals', 'acquisitions', 'transfer', 'Government', 'Agencies', 'regions', 'simplification', 'organization', 'Story', 'workplace', 'environment', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'challenges', 'field', 'clients', 'suppliers', 'capacity', 'business', 'Highlights', 'period', '262 million', 'strength', 'exit', 'part', 'half-year', 'Administrations', 'gradual', 'number', 'Energy', 'Resources', 'Healthcare', 'Seniors', 'Europe', 'activities', 'activity', 'Universities']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bic-corporate-foundation-sponsors-global-ideas-competition-ideas-world-cup-301515897.html,BIC Corporate Foundation Sponsors Global Ideas Competition 'Ideas World Cup',Annual Event Attracting 100 000 Participants Will Focus On Inspiring Creativity In Education Registration Now Open For Individuals And Teams From Across The Globe; Monthlong Competition Begins On World Creativity Day  April 21  2022 SHELTON  Conn.  April 1  2…,"Annual Event Attracting 100 000 Participants Will Focus On Inspiring Creativity In EducationRegistration Now Open For Individuals And Teams From Across The Globe; Monthlong Competition Begins On World Creativity Day  April 21  2022SHELTON  Conn.  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The BIC Corporate Foundation announces its title sponsorship of the sixth edition of Ideas World Cup  the largest brainstorming event in the world where individuals and teams from cities around the globe compete to solve a social issue using the power of creative thinking. This year's theme  How Can We Inspire Creativity In Education  was selected by the BIC Corporate Foundation for its universal need  potential for global impact  and direct reflection of the Foundation's core belief that creativity in education is a cornerstone of personal progress and societal change.Ideas World Cup is a month-long not-for-profit competition founded in 2014 by Juan Prego  a pioneer in teaching organizations and teams from all sectors to unlock the power of creative thinking and rewire their cultures to be more inventive. Each year  Ideas World Cup rewards projects that have the potential to be implemented locally  nationally  or globally with prizes to help bring their idea to life. This year  the winner will also have access to mentors from the BIC Corporate Foundation's Corporate Community of Practice  a global coalition of educators  researchers  foundations  artists  and NGOs to help maximize their idea's impact.""Ideas World Cup is a true celebration of human creativity "" said Mr. Prego. ""We connect people from all over the world and tap into their inner creative power  proving that if we join heads  hearts  and hands  we can solve some of the most difficult global problems we face. Everyone can be creative  and through that creativity we can forge a brighter future.""This year's theme asks participants to ideate how creativity can evolve from an abstract concept into an applied foundational element of the learning process; an essential life skill that can be taught  cultivated  and championed across all subjects throughout the global educational system  and become a transformational tool that can be used to solve the most challenging problems society faces. ""We believe that creativity is the key to unlocking a better future "" said Alison James  Executive Director  BIC Corporate Foundation. ""Our aim with this year's theme is to celebrate the development of the creative mind and inspire a movement around creativity in education for people of all ages and backgrounds.""Five sub-themes posing 30 additional questions have also been created to tackle ancillary issues and inspire entrants to expand their thinking  including:Building Creative Cultures: how might we develop a change-oriented culture of learning that embraces creativity at the heart of the learning process?how might we develop a change-oriented culture of learning that embraces creativity at the heart of the learning process? Environmental Protection: how can we harness the power of creativity to tackle the biggest challenges outlined in the UN's 17 sustainable development goals?how can we harness the power of creativity to tackle the biggest challenges outlined in the UN's 17 sustainable development goals? The Future of Learning: how might we revolutionize teacher training and development to drive more creativity in the classroom?how might we revolutionize teacher training and development to drive more creativity in the classroom? Equity  Diversity  and Inclusion: how can we use creativity to address systemic challenges of bias in our education system?how can we use creativity to address systemic challenges of bias in our education system? Building a Network: how might we create a network of creativity catalysts in our schools and higher education institutions to amplify and promote our work?Ideas World Cup TimelineApril 21 – May 9 : organized events begin  and participants submit their ideasorganized events begin  and participants submit their ideas May 10 – May 13 : the Ideas World Cup jury will review and shortlist the best ideasthe Ideas World Cup jury will review and shortlist the best ideas May 13 – May 20 : specific questions will be proposed directly by the jury to idea creators to refine and improve an idea's potentialspecific questions will be proposed directly by the jury to idea creators to refine and improve an idea's potential May 20 – May 26 : the finalists will be selected  and an online voting phase will openthe finalists will be selected  and an online voting phase will open May 27 : the winning project will be announced  and the city with the most ideas entered will be awarded the title of ""most creative city""Registration is now open at www.ideasworldcup.com for any person or group who wishes to enter  with the competition officially starting on World Creativity Day  April 21  2022. The winning projects will be announced during the closing ceremony on May 27  2022. For further explanation of the event timeline and an overview of supporting webinars provided by Ideas World Cup  please visit www.ideasworldcup.com/events.Since its inception  Ideas World Cup has attracted over 100 000 participants from 72 cities in 15 countries and generated over 34 000 ideas. In 2021  the main theme asked how society could mitigate the social and economic impact caused by the COVID-19 crisis.About BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC ® Kids  BIC FlexTM  BodyMarkTM by BIC ®  Cello®  Djeep ®  Lucky ® Stationery  Rocketbook ®  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us.TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox TM and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit about.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.About the BIC FoundationWe aspire to live in a world where there is equal access to quality education that inspires and empowers our youth. Where creative expression and creative skills are cherished and bring joy to everyday life. Where we directly see and feel the positive impact of innovative education programs on our youth  and consequently on their communities. Through our partnerships we're proud to have directly contributed to the development of the most inspiring and innovative pool of creative change makers known in our society.About Actitud Creativa / Ideas World CupActitud Creativa is the leading training and consulting firm in creative thinking for the Spanish Speaking world  operating in 12 countries from Hong Kong to Argentina. In its 20 years  the firm has innovated several initiatives including Ideas World Cup  the largest brainstorming competition in the world; Creativity Certification Program  with more than 30 000 students across the world; Creative-OS  an open innovation and skill building platform used by top companies; and unique creative thinking and innovation methods such as Advanced Creative Problem Solving  an evolution born out of the classical CPS Process; and the Pro.Play® Method  a creative methodology focused on play and the only official partner of Playmobil Pro around the globe.Media Contacts:For BIC:Eric Kreller  Director  Corporate Communications[email protected]For Ideas World Cup:Barbara Quirós  Innovation Strategy[email protected]SOURCE BIC Corporation",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.25,0.35,0.4,True,English,"['BIC Corporate Foundation Sponsors', 'Global Ideas Competition', 'Ideas World Cup', 'Ideas World Cup Timeline', 'Ideas World Cup jury', 'The BIC Corporate Foundation', 'applied foundational element', 'online voting phase', 'supporting webinars prov', 'largest brainstorming event', 'difficult global problems', 'essential life skill', 'global educational system', '17 sustainable development goals', 'higher education institutions', 'World Creativity Day', 'most creative city', 'inner creative power', 'event timeline', 'most ideas', 'Corporate Community', 'best ideas', 'global coalition', 'challenging problems', 'Annual Event', 'creative mind', 'sixth edition', 'social issue', 'creative thinking', 'universal need', 'global impact', 'direct reflection', 'core belief', 'personal progress', 'societal change', 'Juan Prego', 'true celebration', 'Mr. Prego', 'abstract concept', 'transformational tool', 'Alison James', 'Executive Director', 'Five sub-themes', '30 additional questions', 'ancillary issues', 'change-oriented culture', 'Environmental Protection', 'biggest challenges', 'The Future', 'teacher training', 'systemic challenges', 'specific questions', 'winning project', 'closing ceremony', 'education system', 'Creative Cultures', 'Monthlong Competition', 'profit competition', 'brighter future', 'title sponsorship', 'learning process', 'Inspiring Creativity', 'human creativity', 'creativity catalysts', 'idea creators', 'organized events', 'projects', '100,000 Participants', 'Registration', 'Individuals', 'Teams', 'Globe', 'April', 'SHELTON', 'Conn.', 'PRNewswire', 'cities', 'cornerstone', 'month-long', 'pioneer', 'teaching', 'organizations', 'sectors', 'potential', 'prizes', 'winner', 'access', 'mentors', 'Practice', 'educators', 'researchers', 'foundations', 'artists', 'NGOs', 'people', 'heads', 'hearts', 'hands', 'Everyone', 'subjects', 'society', 'key', 'aim', 'year', 'movement', 'ages', 'backgrounds', 'entrants', 'classroom', 'Equity', 'Diversity', 'Inclusion', 'bias', 'Network', 'schools', 'May', 'finalists', 'ideasworldcup', 'group', 'explanation', 'overview']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,prnewswire.com
2126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-announces-fiscal-2021-financial-results-with-total-revenue-up-411-year-over-year-to-15-1m-301515901.html,DeFi Technologies Announces Fiscal 2021 Financial Results with Total Revenue Up 411% Year-over-Year to $15.1M,"TORONTO  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  announces its strong …","TORONTO  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  announces its strong financial performance for the three and twelve-month period ending December 31  2021 (all amounts in Canadian dollars  unless otherwise indicated).Key Highlights of Q4 2021As at December 31  2021 achieved US$363 million assets under management ("" AUM "") in fully owned subsidiary Valour Inc. ("" Valour "")  which is responsible for the company's portfolio of exchange-traded products ("" ETPs "");achieved assets under management ("" "") in fully owned subsidiary Valour Inc. ("" "")  which is responsible for the company's portfolio of exchange-traded products ("" ""); Valour Inc.  listed its Bitcoin Zero and Ethereum Zero ETPs on the Boerse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG ("" Frankfurt Exchange "")"") Launched world's first Uniswap ETP on the Nordic Growth Market ("" NGM "") and the Frankfurt Exchange"") and the Frankfurt Exchange Launched Solana Nodes to participate in network governance and stakingSelected Bison Trails to expand secure node infrastructure to power staking and DeFi applicationsAnnounced Listing of Valour Bitcoin Zero and Ethereum Zero ETPs on Euronext Paris & AmsterdamAnnounced preferred partnership agreement with SEBA Bank  a leading  global private swiss crypto bankCo-Lead Series C Investment into SEBA Bank CHF25 Million in early 2022""We continue to see strong demand and inflows into our Valour business as the Web 3.0 ecosystem continues to grow at a frenetic pace "" stated Russell Starr  Chief Executive Officer of DeFi Technologies. ""With 8 ETPs launched thus far as well as numerous others planned for 2022  the growth in AUM at Valour has been exceptional. As we look to launch additional innovative ETP's related to crypto  DeFi  gaming  and the metaverse  we expect rapid continued growth. I would also like to thank the DeFi and Valour team for their hard work and execution. Generating over $15 million in our first year of business when we effectively only started generating staking revenues in Q3 is the result of hard work and execution on everyone's part.""ETPs/ValourThe Company's ETP business Valour has grown with AUM of US$363 million as of Dec 31  2021. Since acquiring 100% Valour on April 1  2021  total revenue was $10.6 million and net income of $4.7 million.LiquidityThe Company maintains a very strong liquidity position  with cash of $9.2 million  total assets of $459.7 million and working capital of $11.5 million as of December 31  2021.Financial PerformanceFor the three months ended December 31  2021Total revenues of $5.1 million ;; Net loss of $50.0 million ;; Adjusted net loss of $2.2 million excluding share-based compensation expense of $29 million   impairment loss of $11.4 million   loss on deemed disposal of an associate of $6 million and amortization of intangibles of $1.4-million ;excluding share-based compensation expense of   impairment loss of   loss on deemed disposal of an associate of and amortization of intangibles of ; Node validator revenue of $544 407   management fees on ETP of $783 527 and staking and lending income of $2.4 million .For the twelve months ended December 31  2021Total revenues of $15.1 million ;; Net loss of $71.5 million ;; Adjusted net loss of $2.4-million excluding share-based compensation expense of $42 million   impairment loss of $17.5 million   loss on deemed disposal of an associate of $6M and amortization of intangibles of $3.6 millionexcluding share-based compensation expense of   impairment loss of   loss on deemed disposal of an associate of and amortization of intangibles of Net digital asset / ETP revenue of $4.5 million   node validator revenue of $1.1 million   management fees on ETPs of $1.1 million and increasing of staking and lending income of $3.4 million .Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF) is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit defi.tech .About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. For more information on Valour  visit valour.com .Cautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to  statements with respect to the 2021 annual financial statements and 2021 annual management discussion and analysis of the Company; partnership with Bison Trails; partnership and investment in SEBA Bank; the growth of AUM and net sales; the development and launch of new ETPs; expansion of DeFi Technologies and Valour into other geographic areas; the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited to acceptance of Valour ETPs by Frankfurt Exchange  NGM  Euronext and other exchanges; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; the growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASESOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.4,0.16,0.44,True,English,"['Fiscal 2021 Financial Results', 'DeFi Technologies', 'Total Revenue', 'Year', 'leading, global private swiss crypto bank', 'Boerse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG', 'Co-Lead Series C Investment', 'DeFi applications Announced Listing', 'preferred partnership agreement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'share-based compensation expense', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'traditional capital markets', 'additional innovative ETP', 'Nordic Growth Market', 'rapid continued growth', 'Node validator revenue', 'US$363 million assets', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'first Uniswap ETP', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'strong financial performance', 'strong liquidity position', 'Ethereum Zero ETPs', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'Valour Bitcoin Zero', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'ETP business Valour', 'SEBA Bank', 'ETP revenue', 'node infrastructure', 'strong demand', 'working capital', 'Frankfurt Exchange', 'Web 3.0 ecosystem', 'first year', 'total revenue', 'new technologies', 'exchange-traded products', 'Valour Inc', 'twelve-month period', 'Canadian dollars', 'Key Highlights', 'Solana Nodes', 'network governance', 'Bison Trails', 'Euronext Paris', 'frenetic pace', 'Russell Starr', 'numerous others', 'hard work', 'net income', 'total assets', 'lending income', 'twelve months', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'digital assets', 'secure way', 'financial information', 'Valour business', 'Valour team', 'Net loss', 'impairment loss', 'technology company', 'The Company', 'company updates', 'power staking', 'three months', 'management fees', 'defi.tech', 'institutional investors', '8 ETPs', 'revenues', '100% Valour', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'December', 'amounts', 'Q4', 'AUM', 'subsidiary', 'portfolio', 'world', 'NGM', 'Amsterdam', 'early 2022', 'inflows', 'gaming', 'metaverse', 'execution', 'Q3', 'result', 'everyone', 'ETPs/Valour', 'cash', 'Adjusted', 'disposal', 'associate', 'amortization', 'intangibles', 'mission', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'opportunities', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,prnewswire.com
2127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ucb-showcases-strength-of-broad-neurology-portfolio-at-74th-american-academy-of-neurology-aan-annual-meeting-301515699.html,UCB Showcases Strength of Broad Neurology Portfolio at 74th American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Annual Meeting,Scientific presentations illustrate UCB's commitment to addressing unmet needs of people living with a broad range of serious neurological diseases New data focused on epilepsy and Parkinson's disease (PD)  including real-world use of BRIVIACT® (brivaracetam)…,"Scientific presentations illustrate UCB's commitment to addressing unmet needs of people living with a broad range of serious neurological diseasesNew data focused on epilepsy and Parkinson's disease (PD)  including real-world use of BRIVIACT ® (brivaracetam) CV  long-term use of FINTEPLA ® (fenfluramine) CIV (Lennox Gastaut syndrome indication in the US only)  early use of NAYZILAM ® (midazolam) CIV (FDA approved only) and pre-clinical evaluation of an investigational treatment for Parkinson's disease (UCB0599)(brivaracetam) CV  long-term use of FINTEPLA (fenfluramine) CIV (Lennox Gastaut syndrome indication in the US only)  early use of NAYZILAM (midazolam) CIV (FDA approved only) and pre-clinical evaluation of an investigational treatment for Parkinson's disease (UCB0599) UCB will also host an industry-sponsored  therapeutic-update session: 'MG: What lies beneath?' on April 4 to contribute to improved understanding about myasthenia gravisBRUSSELS  Belgium and ATLANTA  Ga.  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB today announced that new data from its expansive and innovative neurology portfolio will be presented at the 74th American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Annual Meeting  from April 2-7  2022.Twelve scientific abstracts have been accepted including data from UCB's epilepsy portfolio and Parkinson's disease development program.""At UCB  we are inspired to develop new solutions that help transform the lives of people living with severe neurological disorders. Our world-class scientists make this ambition possible  advancing our understanding of human biology and driving breakthroughs in areas of science "" said Charl van Zyl  Executive Vice President Neurology & Head of Europe/International Markets at UCB. ""We are excited to showcase the scale and passion of our commitment at AAN  building on our legacy and expertise in epilepsy  myasthenia gravis  and Parkinson's disease.""EpilepsyAt the congress  UCB will be reporting data from several significant clinical epilepsy studies from its broad epilepsy portfolio. Notably  these data include real-world  retrospective  interim evidence evaluating the effectiveness and tolerability of brivaracetam for adult patients with partial-onset seizures  in routine clinical practice in a large multicenter international patient population as well as prospective U.S. RWE data. In the U.S.  brivaracetam is approved for the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients 1 month of age and older.2Additionally  presented data will evaluate dose-response relationships for the impact of fenfluramine on everyday executive function in patients  as captured using the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF®). In the U.S.  fenfluramine is indicated for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome (DS) and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients 2 years of age and older.1Data will also summarize the early use of midazolam nasal spray in patients with seizure clusters. In the U.S.  midazolam nasal spray is indicated for the acute treatment of intermittent  stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e.  seizure clusters  acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient's usual seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy 12 years of age and older.5 Please see IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION  including Boxed Warning  below.Two podium presentations will also be taking place during the congress  highlighting the long-term evidence of the cardiovascular safety profile of fenfluramine. Please note that fenfluramine is available only through the REMS Program due to the risk of valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension. Please see IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION  including Boxed Warning  below.1Interim Analysis of Long-Term Safety and Efficacy of FINTEPLA ® (fenfluramine) in Patients with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome Knupp K  Scheffer I  Ceulemans B  et al.Session S13: Epilepsy/Clinical Neurophysiology (EEG): Antiseizure MedicationsAuthors available: Monday  April 4 2022   at 2:48 PM PTKnupp K  Scheffer I  Ceulemans B  et al. Session S13: Epilepsy/Clinical Neurophysiology (EEG): Antiseizure Medications Authors available:   at Long-Term Cardiovascular Safety of Fenfluramine for Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome: Interim Analysis of Open-Label Safety Study Agarwal A  Farfel G  Gammaitoni A  et al.Session S24: Epilepsy/Clinical Neurophysiology (EEG): Clinical EpilepsyAuthors available: Tuesday  April 5 2022   at 4:18 PM PTAn additional presentation will take place to summarize a real-world study of brivaracetam in the U.S.Real-world Study of Brivaracetam in the United States . Dave H  French JA  Altalib HH  Henninger H  Porter RJ  Gelfand M  Martin MS   Dongre P  Elmoufti S  Schulz AL  Sperling MRSession S13 Epilepsy/clinical Neurophysiology (EEG) antiseizure medicationsAuthors available: Monday  April 4 at 1:00 PM PTMyasthenia GravisUCB will be hosting an Industry Therapeutic Update titled 'MG: What lies beneath? The MG pathophysiology forum'  Monday  4 April  7:00 PM - 8:15 PM PT (Leonesa Ballroom III  Grand Hyatt Seattle). An esteemed faculty will explore how advances in understanding of the pathogenic mechanisms of generalized myasthenia gravis are a catalyst for innovation in disease management. UCB is excited to be progressing knowledge  understanding  and discussion about disease management and the potential benefits of targeted therapies in this rare neuromuscular disease  and is very proud to be part of the rapidly evolving MG community alongside patients  clinicians  caregivers and healthcare providers.Parkinson's diseaseIn Parkinson's disease  UCB's long-term ambition is to transform the treatment landscape from the management of symptoms  to treatments that can slow or stop the progression of disease. At AAN UCB has a podium presentation on the data evaluating the preclinical effects of chronic dosing of its investigational molecule currently in development with Novartis  (UCB0599)  in α-synuclein transgenic mice. An additional study reviewed the extent to which legacy patient-reported outcome instruments are fit for purpose for use in trials involving people with early-stage Parkinson's disease.Preclinical In Vivo Characterization of UCB0599  an Orally Available  Small Molecule Inhibitor of a-Synuclein Misfolding in Development for Parkinson's Disease. Price D  Khan A  Angers R  Cardenas A  Key-Prato M  Citron M  Bonhaus D  Biere AS36/ Movement Disorders: clinical and pathologic characterization of neurodegenerative movement disordersPoster presentationsThe following is a guide to the UCB-sponsored poster presentations at the 74th American Academy of Neurology Annual Meeting:Brivaracetam12-month effectiveness and tolerability of brivaracetam in the real-world: interim analysis of the international  non-interventional EXPERIENCE study. Villanueva V  D'Souza W  Faught E  Klein P  Reuber M  Rosenow F  Salas-Puig J  Strzelczyk A  Szaflarski J  Ricchetti-Masterson K  Laloyaux C  Sendersky V  Zhou S  Floricel F  Daniels T  Steinhoff BVillanueva V  D'Souza W  Faught E  Klein P  Reuber M  Rosenow F  Salas-Puig J  Strzelczyk A  Szaflarski J  Ricchetti-Masterson K  Laloyaux C  Sendersky V  Zhou S  Floricel F  Daniels T  Steinhoff B Effectiveness and Tolerability of Brivaracetam by Reason for Initiation in Adults with Focal Seizures: Post-hoc Analysis of a Real-world  U.S. Study. Henninger H  Sperling MR  Altalib HH  Dave H  Gelfand M  Porter RJ  Martin MS   Elmoufti S  Schulz AL  Dongre P  French JAHenninger H  Sperling MR  Altalib HH  Dave H  Gelfand M  Porter RJ    Elmoufti S  Schulz AL  Dongre P  French JA Patient-reported Outcomes in Mood  Fatigue  Sleep Disturbance  and Disability While on Brivaracetam Treatment: a Prospective Observational Study. Altalib HH  French JA  Sperling MR  Henninger H  Dave H  Gelfand M  Schulz AL  Elmoufti S  Dongre P  Martin MSAltalib HH  French JA  Sperling MR  Henninger H  Dave H  Gelfand M  Schulz AL  Elmoufti S  Dongre P  Time-course of Treatment-emergent Adverse Events Potentially Associated with Behavioral Disorders during Adjunctive Brivaracetam Treatment of Adults with Focal Seizures. Meador KJ  Dimova S  Laloyaux C  Nondonfaz X  Floricel F  Elmoufti S  Klein PMeador KJ  Dimova S  Laloyaux C  Nondonfaz X  Floricel F  Elmoufti S  Klein P Cognitive and Behavioral Effects and Tolerability of Adjunctive Brivaracetam in Children and Adolescents with Focal Seizures: Pooled Interim Analysis. Elshoff JP  Fleyshman S  De La Loge C  Nondonfaz X  Reichel C  Floricel F  Smeyers PFenfluramine oral solution [Lennox Gastaut syndrome indication in the U.S. only]Fenfluramine Improves Everyday Executive Functioning in Patients With Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome: Analysis of Phase 3 DataBishop K  Isquith P  Giola G  Knupp K  Sullivan J  Nabbout R  Farfel G  Galer B  Gammaitoni AMidazolam nasal spray [FDA approved only]Early Intervention With Midazolam Nasal Spray and Efficacy in Patients With Seizure Clusters: Post-hoc Analysis of an Open-label Extension Trial. Wheless JW  Brunnert M  Floricel F  Dimova S  Fannon BParkinson's diseaseOutcome assessment in early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) clinical trials: Are legacy patient-reported outcome (PRO) instruments 'fit for purpose'? Morel T  Cleanthous S  Andrejack J  Barker RA  Blavat G  Boroojerdi B  Brooks W  Burns P  Cano S  Gallagher C  Gosden L  Siu C  Slagle AF  Trenam K  Ratcliffe N  Schroeder KAbout BRIVIACT® (brivaracetam)About BRIVIACT® (brivaracetam) CV in the U.S.2BRIVIACT was approved in the U.S. in 2016 as an add-on therapy for adult patients with partial-onset seizures. BRIVIACT was approved as monotherapy for adults in September 2017   and as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy in patients four years of age and older with partial-onset seizures in 2018. In August 2021   BRIVIACT was approved for the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients as young as one month of age. BRIVIACT is available in three formulations: oral tablets  oral solution  and intravenous (IV) injection. More information is available at [email protected] : FDA-Approved Drugs.BRIVIACT IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONWARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSSuicidal Behavior and Ideation: Antiepileptic drugs  including BRIVIACT  increase the risk of suicidal behavior and ideation. Monitor patients taking BRIVIACT for the emergence or worsening of depression; unusual changes in mood or behavior; or suicidal thoughts  behavior  or self-harm. Advise patients  their caregivers  and/or families to be alert for these behavioral changes and report them immediately to a healthcare provider.Antiepileptic drugs  including BRIVIACT  increase the risk of suicidal behavior and ideation. Monitor patients taking BRIVIACT for the emergence or worsening of depression; unusual changes in mood or behavior; or suicidal thoughts  behavior  or self-harm. Advise patients  their caregivers  and/or families to be alert for these behavioral changes and report them immediately to a healthcare provider. Neurological Adverse Reactions: BRIVIACT causes somnolence  fatigue  dizziness  and disturbance in coordination. Monitor patients for these signs and symptoms and advise them not to drive or operate machinery until they have gained sufficient experience on BRIVIACT.BRIVIACT causes somnolence  fatigue  dizziness  and disturbance in coordination. Monitor patients for these signs and symptoms and advise them not to drive or operate machinery until they have gained sufficient experience on BRIVIACT. Psychiatric Adverse Reactions: BRIVIACT causes psychiatric adverse reactions  including non-psychotic and psychotic symptoms in adult and pediatric patients. Advise patients to report these symptoms immediately to a healthcare provider.BRIVIACT causes psychiatric adverse reactions  including non-psychotic and psychotic symptoms in adult and pediatric patients. Advise patients to report these symptoms immediately to a healthcare provider. Hypersensitivity: BRIVIACT can cause hypersensitivity reactions. Bronchospasm and angioedema have been reported. Discontinue BRIVIACT if a patient develops a hypersensitivity reaction after treatment. BRIVIACT is contraindicated in patients with a prior hypersensitivity reaction to brivaracetam or any of the inactive ingredients.BRIVIACT can cause hypersensitivity reactions. Bronchospasm and angioedema have been reported. Discontinue BRIVIACT if a patient develops a hypersensitivity reaction after treatment. BRIVIACT is contraindicated in patients with a prior hypersensitivity reaction to brivaracetam or any of the inactive ingredients. Withdrawal of Antiepileptic Drugs: As with all antiepileptic drugs  BRIVIACT should generally be withdrawn gradually because of the risk of increased seizure frequency and status epilepticus.ADVERSE REACTIONSIn adult adjunctive therapy placebo-controlled clinical trials  the most common adverse reactions (at least 5% for BRIVIACT and at least 2% more frequently than placebo) were somnolence and sedation  dizziness  fatigue  and nausea and vomiting symptoms. Adverse reactions reported in clinical studies of pediatric patients were generally similar to those in adult patients. Adverse reactions with BRIVIACT injection in adult and pediatric patients were generally similar to those observed with BRIVIACT tablets. Other adverse events that occurred in adult patients who received BRIVIACT injection included dysgeusia  euphoric mood  feeling drunk  and infusion site pain.BRIVIACT is a Schedule V controlled substance.Please refer to the full U.S. Prescribing Information and visit www.BRIVIACThcp.com.Important Safety Information about BRIVIACT® in the EU and EEA3BRIVIACT® (brivaracetam) is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures with or without secondary generalisation in adults  adolescents and children from 2 years of age with epilepsy. Contraindications Hypersensitivity to the active substance  other pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the excipients. Special warnings and precautions for use Suicidal ideation and behaviour have been reported in patients treated with anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) in several indications  including BRIVIACT®. Patients should be monitored for signs of suicidal ideation and behaviour and appropriate treatment should be considered. Patients (and caregivers) should be advised to seek medical advice should any signs of suicidal ideation or behaviour emerge. BRIVIACT® film-coated tablets contain lactose. Patients with rare hereditary problems of galactose intolerance  total lactase deficiency or glucose-galactose malabsorption should not take BRIVIACT®. Brivaracetam film-coated tablets  solution for injection/infusion and oral solution contain less than 1 mmol sodium (23mg) per tablet/vial/ml respectively  that is to say essentially 'sodium free'. The oral solution contains 168 mg sorbitol (E420) in each ml. Patients with hereditary fructose intolerance (HFI) should not take this medicinal product. The oral solution contains methyl parahydroxybenzoate (E218)  which may cause allergic reactions (possibly delayed). Brivaracetam oral solution contains propylene glycol (E1520). Posology No dose adjustment is needed in adults with impaired renal function. Based on data in adults  no dose adjustment is necessary neither in paediatric patients with impaired renal function. No clinical data are available in paediatric patients with renal impairment. In patients with hepatic impairment  the following adjusted doses  administered in 2 divided doses  approximately 12 hours apart  are recommended for all stages of hepatic impairment: In adults  adolescents and children weighing ≥50 kg  a 50 mg/day starting dose is recommended  with a maximum daily dose of 150 mg/day. For adolescents and children weighing from 20 kg to <50 kg  a 1 mg/kg/day starting dose is recommended  with a maximum daily dose of 3 mg/kg/day. For children weighing from 10 kg to <20 kg  a 1 mg/kg/day starting dose is recommended  with a maximum daily dose of 4 mg/kg/day. No clinical data are available in paediatric patients with hepatic impairment.Interaction with other medicinal products and other forms of interaction. With co-administration of BRIVIACT® 200 mg single dose and ethanol 0.6 g/L continuous infusion in healthy subjects there was no pharmacokinetic interaction  but the effect of alcohol on psychomotor function  attention and memory was doubled. Intake of BRIVIACT® with alcohol is not recommended. Limited clinical data are available implying that coadministration of cannabidiol may increase the plasma exposure of brivaracetam  possibly through CYP2C19 inhibition  but the clinical relevance is uncertain. In healthy subjects  co-administration with rifampicin  a strong enzyme-inducer (600 mg/day for 5 days)  decreased BRIVIACT® area under the plasma concentration curve (AUC) by 45%. Prescribers should consider adjusting the dose of BRIVIACT® for patients starting or ending treatment with rifampicin. Other strong enzyme-inducers (such as St John´s wort [Hypericum perforatum]) may also decrease the systemic exposure of BRIVIACT®. Therefore  starting or ending treatment with St John's wort should be done with caution. In vitro studies have shown that brivaracetam exhibits little or no inhibition of CYP450 isoforms except for CYP2C19. Brivaracetam may increase plasma concentrations of medicinal products metabolised by CYP2C19 (e.g.  lansoprazole  omeprazole  diazepam). CYP2B6 induction has not been investigated in vivo and BRIVIACT® may decrease plasma concentrations of medicinal products metabolised by CYP2B6 (e.g. efavirenz). In vitro studies have also shown that BRIVIACT® has inhibitory effects on OAT3. BRIVIACT® 200 mg/day may increase plasma concentrations of medicinal products transported by OAT3. BRIVIACT® plasma concentrations are decreased when co-administered with strong enzyme inducing antiepileptic drugs (carbamazepine  phenobarbital  phenytoin) but no dose adjustment is required. Effects on ability to drive and use machines BRIVIACT®  has minor or moderate influence on the ability to drive and use machines. Patients should be advised not to drive a car or to operate other potentially hazardous machines until they are familiar with the effects of BRIVIACT®  on their ability to perform such activities. Undesirable effects. The most frequently reported adverse reactions with BRIVIACT® (reported by >10% of patients) were somnolence (14.3%) and dizziness (11.0%). They were usually mild to moderate in intensity. Somnolence and fatigue were reported at higher incidences with increasing dose. Very common adverse reactions (≥1% to <10%) were influenza  decreased appetite  depression  anxiety  insomnia  irritability  convulsion  vertigo  upper respiratory tract infections  cough  nausea  vomiting  constipation and fatigue. Neutropenia has been reported in 0.5% (6/1 099) BRIVIACT® patients and 0% (0/459) placebo-treated patients. Four of these patients had decreased neutrophil counts at baseline  and experienced additional decrease in neutrophil counts after initiation of BRIVIACT®. None of the six cases were severe  required any specific treatment  led to BRIVIACT® discontinuation or had associated infections. Suicidal ideation was reported in 0.3 % (3/1099) of BRIVIACT® treated patients and 0.7 % (3/459) of placebo-treated patients. In short-term clinical studies of BRIVIACT® in patients with epilepsy  there were no cases of completed suicide and suicide attempt  however both were reported in the long-term open-label extension studies. Reactions suggestive of immediate (Type I) hypersensitivity have been reported in a small number of BRIVIACT® patients (9/3022) during clinical development. The safety profile of brivaracetam observed in children from 1 month of age was consistent with the safety profile observed in adults. In the open label  uncontrolled  long-term studies suicidal ideation was reported in 4.7 % of paediatric patients assessed from 6 years onwards (more common in adolescents) compared with 2.4 % of adults and behavioural disorders were reported in 24.8 % of paediatric patients compared with 15.1 % of adults. The majority of events were mild or moderate in intensity  were non-serious  and did not lead to discontinuation of study drug. An additional adverse reaction reported in children was psychomotor hyperactivity (4.7 %). No specific pattern of adverse event (AE) was identified in children from 1 month to < 4 years of age when compared to older paediatric age groups. No significant safety information was identified indicating the increasing incidence of a particular AE in this age group. As data available in children younger than 2 years of age are limited  brivaracetam is not indicated in this age range. No clinical data are available in neonates. Overdose There is limited clinical experience with BRIVIACT® overdose in humans. Somnolence and dizziness were reported in a healthy subject taking a single dose of 1 400 mg of BRIVIACT®. The following adverse reactions were reported with brivaracetam overdose: nausea  vertigo  balance disorder  anxiety  fatigue  irritability  aggression  insomnia  depression  and suicidal ideation in the post-marketing experience. In general  the adverse reactions associated with brivaracetam overdose were consistent with the known adverse reactions. There is no specific antidote. Treatment of an overdose should include general supportive measures. Since less than 10% of BRIVIACT® is excreted in urine  haemodialysis is not expected to significantly enhance BRIVIACT® clearance.Refer to the European Summary of Product Characteristics for other adverse reactions and full prescribing information. Date of revision: 24 February 2022http://www.ema.europa.eu/About FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine)Important Safety Information about FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) oral solution  CIV in the U.S.1INDICATIONS AND USAGEFINTEPLA is indicated for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome (DS) and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients 2 years of age and older.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONBOXED WARNING: VALVULAR HEART DISEASE and PULMONARY ARTERIAL HYPERTENSIONThere is an association between serotonergic drugs with 5-HT2B receptor agonist activity  including fenfluramine (the active ingredient in FINTEPLA)  and valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension.Echocardiogram assessments are required before  during  and after treatment with FINTEPLA.FINTEPLA is available only through a restricted program called the FINTEPLA REMS.CONTRAINDICATIONSFINTEPLA is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to fenfluramine or any of the excipients in FINTEPLA and with concomitant use  or within 14 days of the administration of monoamine oxidase inhibitors because of an increased risk of serotonin syndrome.WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSValvular Heart Disease and Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (see Boxed Warning): Because of the association between serotonergic drugs with 5–HT2B receptor agonist activity  including fenfluramine (the active ingredient in FINTEPLA)  and valvular heart disease (VHD) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH)  cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram is required prior to starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with FINTEPLA concludes. Cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram can aid in early detection of these conditions. In clinical trials for DS and LGS of up to 3 years in duration  no patient receiving FINTEPLA developed VHD or PAH.Monitoring: Prior to starting treatment  patients must undergo an echocardiogram to evaluate for VHD and PAH. Echocardiograms should be repeated every 6 months  and once at 3-6 months post treatment with FINTEPLA.The prescriber must consider the benefits versus the risks of initiating or continuing treatment with FINTEPLA if any of the following signs are observed via echocardiogram: valvular abnormality or new abnormality; VHD indicated by mild or greater aortic regurgitation or moderate or greater mitral regurgitation  with additional characteristics of VHD (eg  valve thickening or restrictive valve motion); PAH indicated by elevated right heart/pulmonary artery pressure (PASP >35mmHg).FINTEPLA REMS Program (see Boxed Warning): FINTEPLA is available only through a restricted distribution program called the FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Prescribers must be certified by enrolling in the FINTEPLA REMS. Prescribers must counsel patients receiving FINTEPLA about the risk of valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension  how to recognize signs and symptoms of valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension  the need for baseline (pretreatment) and periodic cardiac monitoring via echocardiogram during FINTEPLA treatment  and cardiac monitoring after FINTEPLA treatment. Patients must enroll in the FINTEPLA REMS and comply with ongoing monitoring requirements. The pharmacy must be certified by enrolling in the FINTEPLA REMS and must only dispense to patients who are authorized to receive FINTEPLA. Wholesalers and distributors must only distribute to certified pharmacies. Further information is available at www.FinteplaREMS.com or by telephone at 1-877-964-3649.Decreased Appetite and Decreased Weight: FINTEPLA can cause decreases in appetite and weight. Decreases in weight appear to be dose related. Approximately half of the patients with LGS and most patients with DS resumed the expected measured increases in weight during the open-label extension studies. Weight should be monitored regularly during treatment with FINTEPLA  and dose modifications should be considered if a decrease in weight is observed.Somnolence  Sedation  and Lethargy: FINTEPLA can cause somnolence  sedation  and lethargy. Other central nervous system (CNS) depressants  including alcohol  could potentiate these effects of FINTEPLA. Prescribers should monitor patients for somnolence and sedation and should advise patients not to drive or operate machinery until they have gained sufficient experience on FINTEPLA to gauge whether it adversely affects their ability to drive or operate machinery.Suicidal Behavior and Ideation: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs)  including FINTEPLA  increase the risk of suicidal thoughts or behaviors in patients taking these drugs for any indication. Patients treated with an AED for any indication should be monitored for the emergence or worsening of depression  suicidal thoughts or behaviors  or any unusual changes in mood or behavior.Anyone considering prescribing FINTEPLA or any other AED must balance the risk of suicidal thoughts or behaviors with the risks of untreated illness. Epilepsy and many other illnesses for which AEDs are prescribed are themselves associated with morbidity and mortality and an increased risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Should suicidal thoughts and behaviors emerge during treatment  consider whether the emergence of these symptoms in any given patient may be related to the illness being treated.Withdrawal of Antiepileptic Drugs: As with most AEDs  FINTEPLA should generally be withdrawn gradually because of the risk of increased seizure frequency and status epilepticus. If withdrawal is needed because of a serious adverse reaction  rapid discontinuation can be considered.Serotonin Syndrome: Serotonin syndrome  a potentially life-threatening condition  may occur with FINTEPLA  particularly during concomitant administration of FINTEPLA with other serotonergic drugs  including  but not limited to  selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs)  selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)  tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)  bupropion  triptans  dietary supplements (eg  St. John's Wort  tryptophan)  drugs that impair metabolism of serotonin (including monoamine oxidase inhibitors [MAOIs]  which are contraindicated with FINTEPLA)  dextromethorphan  lithium  tramadol  and antipsychotics with serotonergic agonist activity. Patients should be monitored for the emergence of signs and symptoms of serotonin syndrome  which include mental status changes (eg  agitation  hallucinations  coma)  autonomic instability (eg  tachycardia  labile blood pressure  hyperthermia)  neuromuscular signs (eg  hyperreflexia  incoordination)  and/or gastrointestinal symptoms (eg  nausea  vomiting  diarrhea). If serotonin syndrome is suspected  treatment with FINTEPLA should be stopped immediately and symptomatic treatment should be started.Increase in Blood Pressure: FINTEPLA can cause an increase in blood pressure. Rare cases of significant elevation in blood pressure  including hypertensive crisis  has been reported in adult patients treated with fenfluramine  including patients without a history of hypertension. In clinical trials for DS and LGS of up to 3 years in duration  no pediatric or adult patient receiving FINTEPLA developed hypertensive crisis. Monitor blood pressure in patients treated with FINTEPLA.Glaucoma: Fenfluramine can cause mydriasis and can precipitate angle closure glaucoma. Consider discontinuing treatment with FINTEPLA in patients with acute decreases in visual acuity or ocular pain.ADVERSE REACTIONSThe most common adverse reactions observed in DS studies (incidence at least 10% and greater than placebo) were decreased appetite; somnolence  sedation  lethargy; diarrhea; constipation; abnormal echocardiogram; fatigue  malaise  asthenia; ataxia  balance disorder  gait disturbance; blood pressure increased; drooling  salivary hypersecretion; pyrexia; upper respiratory tract infection; vomiting; decreased weight; fall; status epilepticus.The most common adverse reactions observed in the LGS study (incidence at least 10% and greater than placebo) were diarrhea; decreased appetite; fatigue; somnolence; vomiting.DRUG INTERACTIONSStrong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A Inducers: Coadministration with strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducers will decrease fenfluramine plasma concentrations. If coadministration of a strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducer with FINTEPLA is necessary  monitor the patient for reduced efficacy and consider increasing the dosage of FINTEPLA as needed. If a strong CYP1A2  CYP2B6  or CYP3A inducer is discontinued during maintenance treatment with FINTEPLA  consider gradual reduction in the FINTEPLA dosage to the dose administered prior to initiating the inducer.Strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 Inhibitors: Coadministration with strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors will increase fenfluramine plasma concentrations. If FINTEPLA is coadministered with strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors  the maximum daily dosage of FINTEPLA is 20 mg. If a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor is discontinued during maintenance treatment with FINTEPLA  consider gradual increase in the FINTEPLA dosage to the dose recommended without CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors. If FINTEPLA is coadministered with stiripentol and a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor  the maximum daily dosage of FINTEPLA is 17 mg.USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSAdministration to patients with hepatic impairment is not recommended.To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS  contact Zogenix Inc. at 1-866-964-3649 (1-866-Zogenix) or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch.Please see full Prescribing Information  including Boxed Warning  for additional important information on FINTEPLA.Important Safety Information about FINTEPLA® in the EU and EEA4ContraindicationsHypersensitivity to the active substance or any of the excipients listed in section 6.1. Aortic or mitral valvular heart disease. Pulmonary arterial hypertension. 4 Within 14 days of the administration of monoamine oxidase inhibitors due to an increased risk of serotonin syndromeSpecial warnings and precautions for useAortic or mitral valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertensionBecause of reported cases of valvular heart disease that may have been caused by fenfluramine at higher doses used to treat adult obesity  cardiac monitoring must be performed using echocardiography. In the controlled clinical studies of fenfluramine for the treatment of Dravet syndrome  no valvular heart disease was observed.Prior to starting treatment  patients must undergo an echocardiogram to establish a baseline prior to initiating treatment (see section 4.3) and exclude any pre-existing valvular heart disease or pulmonary hypertension.Echocardiogram monitoring should be conducted every 6 months for the first 2 years and annually thereafter. If an echocardiogram indicates pathological valvular changes  a follow-up echocardiogram should be considered at an earlier timeframe to evaluate whether the abnormality is persistent. If pathological abnormalities on the echocardiogram are observed  it is recommended to evaluate the benefit versus risk of continuing fenfluramine treatment with the prescriber  caregiver  and cardiologist.If treatment is stopped because of aortic or mitral valvular heart disease  appropriate monitoring and follow-up should be provided in accordance with local guidelines for the treatment of aortic or mitral valvular heart disease.With past use in higher doses to treat adult obesity  fenfluramine was reported to be associated with pulmonary arterial hypertension. Pulmonary arterial hypertension was not observed in the clinical programme  but because of the low incidence of this disease  the clinical trial experience with fenfluramine is inadequate to determine if fenfluramine increases the risk for pulmonary arterial hypertension in patients with Dravet syndrome.If echocardiogram findings are suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension  a repeat echocardiogram should be performed as soon as possible and within 3 months to confirm these findings. If the echocardiogram finding is confirmed suggestive of an increased probability of pulmonary arterial hypertension defined as ""intermediate probability"" by the 2015 European Society of Cardiology (ESC) and the European Respiratory Society (ERS) Guidelines  it should lead to a benefit-risk evaluation of continuation of Fintepla by the prescriber  carer  and cardiologist. If the echocardiogram finding  after confirmation  suggests of a high probability of pulmonary arterial hypertension  as defined by the 2015 ESC and ERS Guidelines  it is recommended fenfluramine treatment should be stopped.Decreased appetite and weight lossFenfluramine can cause decreased appetite and weight loss (see section 4.8). An additive effect on decreased appetite can occur when fenfluramine is combined with other anti-epileptic medicines  for example stiripentol. The decrease in weight appears to be dose related. Most subjects resumed weight gain over time while continuing treatment. The patient's weight should be monitored. A benefit risk evaluation should be undertaken prior to commencing treatment with fenfluramine in patients with a history of anorexia nervosa or bulimia nervosa.Fintepla controlled access programmeA controlled access programme has been created to 1) prevent off-label use in weight management in obese patients and 2) confirm that prescribing physicians have been informed of the need for periodic cardiac monitoring in patients taking Fintepla.SomnolenceFenfluramine can cause somnolence.Other central nervous system depressants  including alcohol  could potentiate the somnolence effect of fenfluramine (see sections 4.5 and 4.7).Suicidal behaviour and ideationSuicidal behaviour and ideation have been reported in patients treated with anti-epileptic medicines in several indications. A meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled trials with anti-epileptic medicines that did not include fenfluramine has shown a small increased risk of suicidal behaviour and ideation. The mechanism of this risk is not known  and the available data do not exclude the possibility of an increased risk for fenfluramine. Patients and caregivers of patients should be advised to seek medical advice should any signs of suicidal behaviour and ideation emerge.Serotonin syndromeAs with other serotonergic agents  serotonin syndrome  a potentially life-threatening condition  may occur with fenfluramine treatment  particularly with concomitant use of other serotonergic agents (including SSRIs  SNRIs  tricyclic antidepressants  or triptans); with agents that impair metabolism of serotonin such as MAOIs; or with antipsychotics that may affect the serotonergic neurotransmitter systems (see sections 4.3 and 4.5).Serotonin syndrome symptoms may include mental status changes (eg  agitation  hallucinations  coma)  autonomic instability (eg  tachycardia  labile blood pressure  hyperthermia)  neuromuscular aberrations (eg  hyperreflexia  incoordination)  and/or gastrointestinal symptoms (eg  nausea  vomiting  diarrhoea).If concomitant treatment with fenfluramine and other serotonergic agents that may affect the serotonergic systems is clinically warranted  careful observation of the patient is advised  particularly during treatment initiation and dose increases.Increased seizure frequencyAs with other anti-epileptic medicines  a clinically relevant increase in seizure frequency may occur during treatment with fenfluramine  which may require adjustment in the dose of fenfluramine and/or concomitant anti-epileptic medicines  or discontinuation of fenfluramine  should the benefit-risk be negative.CyproheptadineCyproheptadine is a potent serotonin receptor antagonist and may therefore decrease the efficacy of fenfluramine. If cyproheptadine is added to treatment with fenfluramine  patients should be monitored for worsening of seizures. If fenfluramine treatment is initiated in a patient taking cyproheptadine  fenfluramine's efficacy may be reduced.GlaucomaFenfluramine can cause mydriasis and can precipitate angle closure glaucoma. Discontinue therapy in patients with acute decreases in visual acuity. Consider discontinuation if there is ocular pain and another cause cannot be determined.Strong CYP1A2 or CYP2B6 inducersCo-administration with strong CYP1A2 inducers or CYP2B6 inducers may decrease fenfluramine plasma concentrations (see section 4.5).An increase in fenfluramine dosage should be considered when co-administered with a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2B6 inducer; the maximum daily dose should not be exceeded.ExcipientsThis medicinal product contains sodium ethyl para-hydroxybenzoate (E 215) and sodium methyl para-hydroxybenzoate (E 219) which may cause allergic reactions (possibly delayed).It also contains sulfur dioxide (E 220) which may rarely cause severe hypersensitivity reactions and bronchospasm.Patients with rare glucose-galactose malabsorption should not take this medicinal product.This medicinal product contains less than 1 mmol sodium (23 mg) per the maximum daily dose of 12 mL  that is to say essentially 'sodium-free'.This medicinal product contains glucose which may be harmful to the teeth.Refer to the European Summary of Product Characteristics for other adverse reactions and full prescribing information. Date of revision: 04 Nov 2021.https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/fintepla-epar-product-information_en.pdfThis medicinal product is subject to additional monitoring. This will allow quick identification of new safety information. Healthcare professionals are asked to report any suspected adverse reactions.About NAYZILAM® (midazolam) nasal spray  CIV in the U.S.5NAYZILAM is a benzodiazepine indicated for the acute treatment of intermittent  stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e.  seizure clusters  acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient's usual seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy 12 years of age and older.NAYZILAM IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONCONTRAINDICATIONSNAYZILAM is contraindicated in patients with acute narrow-angle glaucoma.RISKS FROM CONCOMITANT USE WITH OPIOIDSConcomitant use of benzodiazepines  including NAYZILAM  and opioids may result in profound sedation  respiratory depression  coma  and death. Reserve concomitant prescribing of these drugs for patients for whom alternative treatment options are inadequate. Limit dosages and durations to the minimum required. Follow patients for signs and symptoms of respiratory depression and sedation.ABUSE  MISUSE  AND ADDICTIONThe use of benzodiazepines  including NAYZILAM  exposes users to risks of abuse  misuse  and addiction  which can lead to overdose or death. Abuse and misuse of benzodiazepines commonly involve concomitant use of other medications  alcohol  and/or illicit substances  which is associated with an increased frequency of serious adverse outcomes. Before prescribing NAYZILAM and throughout treatment  assess each patient's risk for abuse  misuse  and addiction.DEPENDENCE AND WITHDRAWAL REACTIONS AFTER USE OF NAYZILAM MORE FREQUENTLY THAN RECOMMENDEDThe continued use of benzodiazepines may lead to clinically significant physical dependence. The risks of dependence and withdrawal increase with longer treatment duration and higher daily dose. Although NAYZILAM is indicated only for intermittent use  if used more frequently than recommended  abrupt discontinuation or rapid dosage reduction of NAYZILAM may precipitate acute withdrawal reactions  which can be life-threatening. For patients using NAYZILAM more frequently than recommended  to reduce the risk of withdrawal reactions  use a gradual taper to discontinue NAYZILAM.Risks of Cardiorespiratory Adverse ReactionsSerious cardiorespiratory adverse reactions have occurred after administration of midazolam. Warn patients and caregivers about the risks of respiratory depression  cardiac and respiratory arrest.Respiratory depression was observed with the administration of NAYZILAM during clinical trials. Cardiac or respiratory arrest caused by NAYZILAM was not reported during clinical trials.Central Nervous System Depression from Concomitant Use with Other Central Nervous System Depressants  or Moderate or Strong CYP3A4 InhibitorsDrug products containing midazolam  including NAYZILAM  have a central nervous system (CNS) depressant effect.Risks from Concomitant Use with Other CNS DepressantsNAYZILAM may cause an increased CNS-depressant effect when used with alcohol or other CNS depressants (e.g.  opioids). Warn patients and caregivers that the use of NAYZILAM in combination with alcohol or other CNS depressant drugs may increase the risk of hypoventilation  airway obstruction  desaturation  or apnea and may contribute to profound and/or prolonged drug effect.Risks from Concomitant Use with Moderate or Strong CYP3A4 InhibitorsConcomitant use of NAYZILAM with moderate or strong CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitors may result in prolonged sedation because of a decrease in plasma clearance of midazolam. Caution patients against engaging in hazardous occupations requiring mental alertness  such as operating machinery  driving a motor vehicle or riding a bicycle until they have completely returned to their level of baseline functioning.Suicidal Behavior and IdeationAntiepileptic drugs (AEDs)  including NAYZILAM  increase the risk of suicidal thoughts or behavior in patients taking these drugs for any indication. Monitor patients treated with NAYZILAM for the emergence or worsening of depression  suicidal thoughts or behavior  and/or any unusual changes in mood or behavior. Advise patients and caregivers to be alert for these behavioral changes and to immediately report them to the healthcare provider.Impaired Cognitive FunctionMidazolam  including NAYZILAM  is associated with a high incidence of partial or complete impairment of recall for several hours following an administered dose. Counsel patients on when they can engage in activities requiring complete mental alertness  operate hazardous machinery  or drive a motor vehicle after taking NAYZILAM.GlaucomaBenzodiazepines  including NAYZILAM  can increase intraocular pressure in patients with glaucoma. NAYZILAM may be used in patients with open-angle glaucoma only if they are receiving appropriate therapy. NAYZILAM is contraindicated in patients with narrow-angle glaucoma.ADVERSE REACTIONSIn the randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial  the most common adverse reactions (≥5% in any NAYZILAM treatment group) were somnolence  headache  nasal discomfort  throat irritation  and rhinorrhea.NAYZILAM is a Schedule IV controlled substance.Please refer to the full Prescribing Information.For additional medical information about NAYZILAM  patient assistance  or any other information please visit our website or call UCBCares® at 1-844-599-2273.About UCB0599UCB0599 is an orally administered  brain penetrant  small molecule inhibitor of ASYN misfolding under investigation for the potential use as a disease-modifying treatment to slow the progression of PD.6 7 UCB0599 was discovered by NeuroPore and was licenced to UCB in 2014 for further development.6 In 2021  UCB entered into a global co-development and co-commercialization agreement with Novartis covering UCB0599.8For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.9414[email protected]Corporate CommunicationsCorporate CommunicationsLaurent Schots  Media RelationsT+32.2.559.9264[email protected]Nick FrancisT +44 7769 307745[email protected]Allyson Funk (U.S. Media)T +678 365 6321[email protected]About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.8 billion in 2021. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_news.Forward looking statements UCBThis press release contains forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB' efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.ReferencesFINTEPLA® (Fenfluramine) CV. U.S. Prescribing Information (Last accessed: March 2022 ). BRIVIACT® (brivaracetam) CV. U.S. Prescribing Information (Last accessed: March 2022 ). European Medicines Agency. BRIVIACT® (brivaracetam) Summary of Product Characteristics (SmPC). Available at: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/briviact-epar-product-information_en.pdf (Last accessed: March 2022 ). European Medicines Agency. FINTEPLA® (Fenfluramine) Summary of Product Characteristics (SmPC). Available at: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/fintepla-epar-product-information_en.pdf. (Last accessed: March 2022 ). NAYZILAM® (midazolam) nasal spray CIV. U.S. Prescribing Information UCB Initiates Phase 1b U.S.-Based Multicenter Clinical Trial in Parkinson's Disease Patients with UCB0599  a Compound Arising from the Neuropore-UCB Collaboration. Available from: https://www.neuropore.com/media/news/neuropore-initiates-phase-1-clinical-trial-in-healthy-volunteers-with-npt52034-a-therapeutic-candidate-aimed-at-treating-parkinsons-disease-and-amyotrophic-lateral-sclerosis9672.htm. (Last accessed: March 2022 ). Smit JW  Maguire RP  Avbersek A et al. UCB0599 transition to the clinic: An orally available brain-penetrant inhibitor of αsynuclein (ASYN) misfolding in Phase 1 development for Parkinson's disease (PD). MDS Virtual Congress September 12–16 Late-breaking abstract 2020;LBA4. UCB Announces Global Partnership to Bring Disease-Modifying Therapies to People Living with Parkinson's Disease. Available at: https://www.ucb.com/stories-media/Press-Releases/article/UCB-Announces-Global-Partnership-to-Bring-Disease-Modifying-Therapies-to-People-Living-with-Parkinson-s-Disease. (Last accessed: March 2022 ).GL-N-BR-EPOS-2200009US-P-BR-EPOS-2200095Date of preparation: March 2022BRIVIACT®  FINTEPLA®  and NAYZILAM® are registered trademarks of the UCB Group of Companies.© UCB Biopharma SRL  2022. All rights reserved.SOURCE UCB  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.23,0.32,0.45,True,English,"['74th American Academy', 'AAN) Annual Meeting', 'Broad Neurology Portfolio', 'UCB Showcases', 'Strength', 'large multicenter international patient population', 'several significant clinical epilepsy studies', 'prospective U.S. RWE data', 'Lennox Gastaut syndrome indication', 'Executive Vice President Neurology', 'Sperling MR Session S13', 'real-world, retrospective, interim evidence', 'Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome Knupp K', 'routine clinical practice', 'serious neurological diseases', '74th American Academy', 'severe neurological disorders', 'Charl van Zyl', 'Behavior Rating Inventory', 'intermittent, stereotypic episodes', 'pulmonary arterial hypertension', 'Industry Therapeutic Update', 'Leonesa Ballroom III', 'Grand Hyatt Seattle', 'IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION', 'cardiovascular safety profile', 'Twelve scientific abstracts', 'everyday executive function', 'frequent seizure activity', 'usual seizure pattern', 'Two podium presentations', 'industry-sponsored, therapeutic-update session', 'innovative neurology portfolio', 'Open-Label Safety Study', 'Long-Term Cardiovascular Safety', 'AAN) Annual Meeting', 'midazolam nasal spray', 'acute repetitive seizures', 'broad epilepsy portfolio', 'disease development program', 'Antiseizure Medications Authors', 'EEG) antiseizure medications', 'International Markets', 'long-term evidence', 'Long-Term Safety', 'Scientific presentations', 'Dravet syndrome', 'real-world study', 'Interim Analysis', 'broad range', 'real-world use', 'seizure clusters', 'REMS Program', 'Elmoufti S', 'Session S24', 'long-term use', 'acute treatment', 'unmet needs', 'early use', 'pre-clinical evaluation', 'myasthenia gravis', 'new solutions', 'world-class scientists', 'human biology', 'partial-onset seizures', 'dose-response relationships', 'Scheffer I', 'Ceulemans B', 'Epilepsy/Clinical Neurophysiology', 'Agarwal A', 'Farfel G', 'Gammaitoni A', 'additional presentation', 'United States', 'Dave H', 'French JA', 'Altalib HH', 'Henninger H', 'Porter RJ', 'Gelfand M', 'Martin MS', 'Dongre P', 'New data', 'investigational treatment', 'heart disease', 'Boxed Warning', '1:00 PM PT', 'adult patients', '2:48 PM', '4:18 PM', '7:00 PM', '8:15 PM', 'UCB', 'commitment', 'people', 'Parkinson', 'BRIVIACT ®', 'brivaracetam', 'CV', 'FINTEPLA', 'fenfluramine', 'CIV', 'NAYZILAM', 'FDA', 'MG', 'April', 'improved', 'understanding', 'BRUSSELS', 'Belgium', 'ATLANTA', 'Ga.', 'PRNewswire', 'expansive', 'lives', 'ambition', 'breakthroughs', 'areas', 'science', 'Head', 'scale', 'passion', 'legacy', 'expertise', 'congress', 'effectiveness', 'tolerability', '1 month', 'age', 'impact', 'BRIEF®', 'LGS', '2 years', 'place', 'risk', 'Efficacy', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'Schulz']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,prnewswire.com
2128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.webcenterfairbanks.com/prnewswire/2022/04/01/pharming-announces-positive-data-phase-iiiii-leniolisib-trial-presented-clinical-immunology-society-2022-annual-meeting/,Pharming Announces Positive Data from Phase II/III Leniolisib Trial Presented at Clinical Immunology Society 2022 Annual Meeting,,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces new data from the pivotal Phase II/III trial of leniolisib for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a primary immunodeficiency. Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao  M.D.  a staff physician in the Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda  Maryland  shared the findings in a presentation at the Clinical Immunology Society (CIS) 2022 Annual Meeting.As announced on February 2  2022  the multinational  triple-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized  Phase III portion of the clinical trial  conducted by Novartis  met its co-primary endpoints  which evaluated reduction in lymph node size and correction of immunodeficiency. The shrinking of lymphadenopathy lesions and increased proportion of naïve B cells are important in this population  as they indicate a reduction in APDS disease markers. Presented for the first time at CIS  the co-primary endpoints at day 85 after baseline demonstrated:In the index lymphadenopathy lesions  a statistically significant adjusted mean change in the log10 transformed sum of product of diameters (SPD) of -0.30 among patients who received leniolisib compared with -0.06 among patients who received placebo (95% CI: -0.37  -0.11; p=0.0012).From a baseline level of ˂48%  an increase of 34.76% in the proportion of naïve B cells in patients who received leniolisib versus a -5.37% decrease in patients who received placebo (95% CI: 28.51  51.75; p˂0.0001).The study drug was well-tolerated. There were no adverse events that led to discontinuation of study treatment  there were no deaths  and the incidence of serious adverse events (SAEs) was lower in the leniolisib group than in the placebo group. None of the SAEs were suspected to be related to study treatment.Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles  M.D.  Ph.D.  David S. Gottesman Professor of Immunology at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York  said:""It is great news that leniolisib has achieved such positive results in this Phase III study in APDS. It is extremely encouraging to see that this medication is capable of targeting the cause of this difficult disease  both improving care and reducing patients' symptoms. Progress toward a treatment that is tailor-made for our patients with APDS is a milestone we have long awaited.""Pharming plans to begin submitting global regulatory filings for leniolisib in the second quarter of 2022 and  subject to approval  launching the treatment in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2023 and starting a series of European launches in the second half of 2023.Anurag Relan  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""Pharming is delighted that leniolisib achieved significance in both co-primary endpoints and was well tolerated in these APDS patients  as the product's approval would address an unmet need for those with this rare disease  who currently rely on supportive therapies such as antibiotics and immunoglobulin replacement therapy. In addition to working closely with regulatory authorities across the globe to make leniolisib available to immunologists  hematologists  and their patients  we will continue to develop this treatment through our open-label extension study and two additional studies that will enroll children under the age of 12  as well as potentially extending the geographic reach of the product.""About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately one to two people per million. Also known as PASLI  it is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.1 2 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 3 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K with immunomodulating and potentially anti-neoplastic activities. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger specifically activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for several immune diseases.To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. is a global  commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative protein replacement therapies and precision medicines for the treatment of rare diseases and unmet medical needs.The flagship of our portfolio is our recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH) franchise. C1INH is a naturally occurring protein that down regulates the complement and contact cascades in order to control inflammation in affected tissues.Our lead product  RUCONEST®  is the first and only plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy. It is approved for the treatment of acute hereditary angioedema (HAE) attacks. We are commercializing RUCONEST® in the United States  the European Union and the United Kingdom through our own sales and marketing organization  and the rest of the world through our distribution network.In addition  we are investigating the clinical efficacy of rhC1INH in the treatment of further indications  including pre-eclampsia  acute kidney injury and severe pneumonia as a result of COVID-19 infections.We are also studying our oral precision medicine  leniolisib (a phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta  or PI3K delta  inhibitor)  for the treatment of activated PI3K delta syndrome  or APDS. World-wide rights for leniolisib were licensed from Novartis AG in 2019. Leniolisib met both of its primary end points in a registration enabling Phase 2/3 study in the United States and Europe. We are targeting global regulatory filings for leniolisib from Q2 2022 onwards.Additionally  we entered into a strategic collaboration with Orchard Therapeutics to research  develop  manufacture and commercialize OTL-105  a newly disclosed investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) gene therapy for the treatment of HAE.Furthermore  we are leveraging our transgenic manufacturing technology to develop next-generation protein replacement therapies  most notably for Pompe disease  which is currently in preclinical development.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources. These statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including but not limited to: the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2020 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.References:Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21 . Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsSijmen de Vries  CEO: T: +31 71 524 7400Susanne Embleton  Investor Relations Manager: T: +31 71 524 7400 E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PR:Emily VanLareE: Emily.VanLare@precisionvh.comT: +1 (203) 985 5596EU PR:Dan CaleyE: Dan.caley@aprilsix.comT: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1454235/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgView original content:SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.57,0.11,0.32,True,English,"['Phase II/III Leniolisib Trial', 'Clinical Immunology Society', 'Positive Data', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'Pharming', 'multinational, triple-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, Phase III portion', 'Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'pivotal Phase II/III trial', 'naïve B cells', 'David S. Gottesman Professor', 'activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic', 'one to two people', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Phase III study', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'white blood cells', 'lymph node size', 'Mount Sinai School', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'immunoglobulin replacement therapy', 'two additional studies', 'physiological immune function', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'global regulatory filings', 'open-label extension study', 'index lymphadenopathy lesions', 'serious adverse events', 'permanent lung damage', 'class IA PI3K', 'Clinical Immunology Society', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'APDS disease markers', 'immune cells', 'clinical trial', 'delta isoform', 'U.S.', 'rare disease', 'primary endpoints', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'study drug', 'regulatory authorities', 'two genes', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'difficult disease', 'progressive disease', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'new data', 'M.D.', 'staff physician', 'National Institutes', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'mean change', 'log10 transformed', 'placebo group', 'Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles', 'Ph.D.', 'New York', 'great news', 'positive results', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'European launches', 'second half', 'Anurag Relan', 'unmet need', 'supportive therapies', 'geographic reach', 'Balanced signaling', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'anti-neoplastic activities', 'cell functions', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib group', 'study treatment', 'first time', 'baseline level', ""patients' symptoms"", 'APDS patients', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Health', 'Bethesda', 'Maryland', 'findings', 'presentation', 'CIS', 'February', 'Novartis', 'reduction', 'correction', 'shrinking', 'increased', 'proportion', 'population', 'day', 'significant', 'sum', 'product', 'diameters', 'SPD', 'discontinuation', 'deaths', 'incidence', 'SAEs', 'None', 'Medicine', 'medication', 'cause', 'care', 'milestone', 'approval', 'series', 'significance', 'antibiotics', 'globe', 'immunologists', 'hematologists', 'children', 'million', 'PASLI', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'variety', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'lymphoma', 'immunomodulating', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,webcenterfairbanks.com
2130,EuroNext,Google API,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3819701-sanofi-to-list-api-spin-off-euroapi-on-euronext-paris-on-may-6,Sanofi to list API spin-off EUROAPI on Euronext Paris on May 6,1 day ago,To ensure this doesn’t happen in the future  please enable Javascript and cookies in your browser.If you have an ad-blocker enabled you may be blocked from proceeding. Please disable your ad-blocker and refresh.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['API spin-off', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'May', 'future', 'Javascript', 'cookies', 'browser', 'ad-blocker', 'refresh']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,seekingalpha.com
2131,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.benzinga.com/general/biotech/22/04/26428098/sanofi-to-list-drug-ingredient-spin-off-euroapi-on-euronext-paris-in-may,Sanofi To List Drug Ingredient Spin-Off EUROAPI On Euronext Paris in May - Benzinga,1 day ago,Sanofi To List Drug Ingredient Spin-Off EUROAPI On Euronext Paris in May - Benzinga,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Drug Ingredient Spin', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'May', 'Benzinga', 'Drug Ingredient Spin', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'May', 'Benzinga']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,benzinga.com
2133,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/01/2414663/0/en/Euronext-publishes-its-2021-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Euronext publishes its 2021 Universal Registration Document,1 day ago,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +353 87 361 2380 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes its 2021 Universal Registration DocumentAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 1 April 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced it has filed its 2021 Universal Registration Document  prepared in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format)  including the 2021 Annual Financial Statements and Directors’ Report to the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”)  on 31 March 2022  as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.The 2021 Universal Registration Document has been filed in English and is available in ESEF format on Euronext’s website at:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/financial-reportsPrinted copies of the official version filed to the AFM in ESEF format are available at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Shannon Sweeney (Dublin) +353 87 361 2380 ssweeney@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@eu r onext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €6.9 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2021  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,negative,0.04,0.2,0.76,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'General Data Protection Regulation', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2021 Annual Financial Statements', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'European economies', 'European Parliament', 'ESEF format', 'funds listings', 'The Group', 'financial products', 'personal data', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Directors’ Report', 'competent authority', 'official version', 'registered office', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Shannon Sweeney', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'sustainable growth', '2,000 listed issuers', 'end December', 'diverse domestic', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'proprietary rights', 'The Netherlands', 'regulated exchanges', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'information purposes', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '1 April', 'AFM', '31 March', 'English', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'financial-information', 'financial-reports', 'copies', 'Beursplein', 'Italypressoffice', 'CLSegerlund', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'strong', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'running', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,globenewswire.com
2135,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/nl/persberichten/pharming-announces-positive-data-from-phase-ii-iii-leniolisib-trial-presented-at-clinical-immunology-society-2022-annual-meeting-899610831.html,III Leniolisib Trial Presented at Clinical Immunology Society 2022 Annual Meeting,1 day ago,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces new data from the pivotal Phase II/III trial of leniolisib for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a primary immunodeficiency. Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao  M.D.  a staff physician in the Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda  Maryland  shared the findings in a presentation at the Clinical Immunology Society (CIS) 2022 Annual Meeting.As announced on February 2  2022  the multinational  triple-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized  Phase III portion of the clinical trial  conducted by Novartis  met its co-primary endpoints  which evaluated reduction in lymph node size and correction of immunodeficiency. The shrinking of lymphadenopathy lesions and increased proportion of naïve B cells are important in this population  as they indicate a reduction in APDS disease markers. Presented for the first time at CIS  the co-primary endpoints at day 85 after baseline demonstrated:In the index lymphadenopathy lesions  a statistically significant adjusted mean change in the log10 transformed sum of product of diameters (SPD) of -0.30 among patients who received leniolisib compared with -0.06 among patients who received placebo (95% CI: -0.37  -0.11; p=0.0012).From a baseline level of ˂48%  an increase of 34.76% in the proportion of naïve B cells in patients who received leniolisib versus a -5.37% decrease in patients who received placebo (95% CI: 28.51  51.75; p˂0.0001).The study drug was well-tolerated. There were no adverse events that led to discontinuation of study treatment  there were no deaths  and the incidence of serious adverse events (SAEs) was lower in the leniolisib group than in the placebo group. None of the SAEs were suspected to be related to study treatment.Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles  M.D.  Ph.D.  David S. Gottesman Professor of Immunology at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York  said:""It is great news that leniolisib has achieved such positive results in this Phase III study in APDS. It is extremely encouraging to see that this medication is capable of targeting the cause of this difficult disease  both improving care and reducing patients' symptoms. Progress toward a treatment that is tailor-made for our patients with APDS is a milestone we have long awaited.""Pharming plans to begin submitting global regulatory filings for leniolisib in the second quarter of 2022 and  subject to approval  launching the treatment in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2023 and starting a series of European launches in the second half of 2023.Anurag Relan  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""Pharming is delighted that leniolisib achieved significance in both co-primary endpoints and was well tolerated in these APDS patients  as the product's approval would address an unmet need for those with this rare disease  who currently rely on supportive therapies such as antibiotics and immunoglobulin replacement therapy. In addition to working closely with regulatory authorities across the globe to make leniolisib available to immunologists  hematologists  and their patients  we will continue to develop this treatment through our open-label extension study and two additional studies that will enroll children under the age of 12  as well as potentially extending the geographic reach of the product.""About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately one to two people per million. Also known as PASLI  it is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.1 2 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 3 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K with immunomodulating and potentially anti-neoplastic activities. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger specifically activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for several immune diseases.To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. is a global  commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative protein replacement therapies and precision medicines for the treatment of rare diseases and unmet medical needs.The flagship of our portfolio is our recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH) franchise. C1INH is a naturally occurring protein that down regulates the complement and contact cascades in order to control inflammation in affected tissues.Our lead product  RUCONEST®  is the first and only plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy. It is approved for the treatment of acute hereditary angioedema (HAE) attacks. We are commercializing RUCONEST® in the United States  the European Union and the United Kingdom through our own sales and marketing organization  and the rest of the world through our distribution network.In addition  we are investigating the clinical efficacy of rhC1INH in the treatment of further indications  including pre-eclampsia  acute kidney injury and severe pneumonia as a result of COVID-19 infections.We are also studying our oral precision medicine  leniolisib (a phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta  or PI3K delta  inhibitor)  for the treatment of activated PI3K delta syndrome  or APDS. World-wide rights for leniolisib were licensed from Novartis AG in 2019. Leniolisib met both of its primary end points in a registration enabling Phase 2/3 study in the United States and Europe. We are targeting global regulatory filings for leniolisib from Q2 2022 onwards.Additionally  we entered into a strategic collaboration with Orchard Therapeutics to research  develop  manufacture and commercialize OTL-105  a newly disclosed investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) gene therapy for the treatment of HAE.Furthermore  we are leveraging our transgenic manufacturing technology to develop next-generation protein replacement therapies  most notably for Pompe disease  which is currently in preclinical development.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources. These statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including but not limited to: the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2020 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.References:Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019; May 21 . Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsSijmen de Vries  CEO: T: +31 71 524 7400Susanne Embleton  Investor Relations Manager: T: +31 71 524 7400 E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]US PR:Emily VanLareE: [email protected]T: +1 (203) 985 5596EU PR:Dan CaleyE: [email protected]T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1454235/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.57,0.11,0.32,True,English,"['III Leniolisib Trial', 'Clinical Immunology Society', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'multinational, triple-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, Phase III portion', 'Principal Investigator V. Koneti Rao', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'pivotal Phase II/III trial', 'naïve B cells', 'David S. Gottesman Professor', 'activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'Primary Immune Deficiency Clinic', 'one to two people', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Phase III study', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'white blood cells', 'lymph node size', 'Mount Sinai School', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'immunoglobulin replacement therapy', 'two additional studies', 'physiological immune function', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'global regulatory filings', 'open-label extension study', 'index lymphadenopathy lesions', 'serious adverse events', 'permanent lung damage', 'class IA PI3K', 'Clinical Immunology Society', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'APDS disease markers', 'immune cells', 'clinical trial', 'delta isoform', 'U.S.', 'rare disease', 'primary endpoints', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'study drug', 'regulatory authorities', 'two genes', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'difficult disease', 'progressive disease', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'new data', 'M.D.', 'staff physician', 'National Institutes', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'mean change', 'log10 transformed', 'placebo group', 'Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles', 'Ph.D.', 'New York', 'great news', 'positive results', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'European launches', 'second half', 'Anurag Relan', 'unmet need', 'supportive therapies', 'geographic reach', 'Balanced signaling', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'anti-neoplastic activities', 'cell functions', 'Pharming plans', 'leniolisib group', 'study treatment', 'first time', 'baseline level', ""patients' symptoms"", 'APDS patients', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Health', 'Bethesda', 'Maryland', 'findings', 'presentation', 'CIS', 'February', 'Novartis', 'reduction', 'correction', 'shrinking', 'increased', 'proportion', 'population', 'day', 'significant', 'sum', 'product', 'diameters', 'SPD', 'discontinuation', 'deaths', 'incidence', 'SAEs', 'None', 'Medicine', 'medication', 'cause', 'care', 'milestone', 'approval', 'series', 'significance', 'antibiotics', 'globe', 'immunologists', 'hematologists', 'children', 'million', 'PASLI', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'variety', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'lymphoma', 'immunomodulating', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,prnewswire.com
2137,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-doubles-spectrum-holding-in-bangladesh-301515908.html,VEON Doubles Spectrum Holding in Bangladesh,1 day ago,"AMSTERDAM  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announces that Banglalink has acquired new spectrum  doubling the company's spectrum holding in Bangladesh. At the auction  held in Dhaka and organized by the Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission (BTRC)  Banglalink acquired 40 MHz of spectrum from the 2300 MHz band  ensuring that Banglalink retains its position as the top private operator in Bangladesh in terms of spectrum per customer.""Bangladesh is a fast-growing economy with endless opportunities "" said Kaan Terzioğlu  group CEO  VEON. ""There is an increasing demand for extended digital services  especially from the younger generation  and in Bangladesh  10-24 year olds make up 27% of the population1. VEON operates in nine countries and investing in key regions such as this is an important part of our Digital Operator strategy. This allows us to support people's needs with the very best digital services across the world.""The additional spectrum available to Banglalink's network will be instrumental in providing almost 38 million Banglalink customers2 with even better access to financial and entertainment services via mobile internet. Banglalink has already been recognized by Ookla as the fastest mobile network in the country for the last two years.Erik Aas  Chief Executive Officer  Banglalink  said  ""We congratulate the BTRC for successfully conducting the spectrum auction. It is an important step for the industry  as the availability of more spectrum will result in better internet speed and high quality digital services for the citizens of Bangladesh. In keeping with our objective - 4G for all  not 5G for a few  we intend to utilize the new spectrum primarily for 4G in next 2-3 years.""Banglalink also recently announced its plan to build 3 000 new towers this year. It will remain committed to maintaining high-quality data and digital services and ensuring nationwide 4G coverage.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 million customers over a population of 680 million people. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comAbout BanglalinkBanglalink is one of the leading digital communications service providers in Bangladesh  working to unlock new opportunities for its customers as they navigate the digital world. Driven by the vision of transforming lives through technology  Banglalink also strives to transform into a future-ready service provider capable of catering to the demands of the new digital era. It is a subsidiary of VEON Ltd - a Nasdaq and Euronext listed connectivity provider headquartered in the Netherlands.DisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the potential benefits of the transaction described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  ""inside information"" as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.1: Source: https://www.unfpa.org/data/world-population-dashboard2 : http://www.btrc.gov.bd/site/page/0ae188ae-146e-465c-8ed8-d76b7947b5dd/-Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levina[email protected]TUVA PartnersJulian Tanner[email protected]M +44 7900 205 460SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.13,0.34,True,English,"['VEON Doubles Spectrum Holding', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'leading digital communications service providers', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission', 'high quality digital services', 'Euronext listed connectivity provider', 'future-ready service provider', 'top private operator', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', '10-24 year olds', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'last two years', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next 2-3 years', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'global digital operator', 'growing emerging markets', 'extended digital services', 'best digital services', 'new digital era', 'nationwide 4G coverage', 'fastest mobile network', '38 million Banglalink customers2', 'group CEO', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'global provider', 'mobile connectivity', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'growing economy', 'entertainment services', 'technology-driven services', 'mobile internet', 'digital world', '3,000 new towers', 'new opportunities', 'endless opportunities', 'increasing demand', 'younger generation', 'nine countries', 'key regions', 'important part', 'Erik Aas', 'important step', 'internet speed', 'high-quality data', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'potential benefits', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'TUVA Partners', 'Julian Tanner', 'VEON Ltd.', '220 million customers', '680 million people', 'new spectrum', 'spectrum holding', 'additional spectrum', '2300 MHz band', 'unanticipated events', 'btrc.gov', 'Contact Information', 'spectrum auction', 'statements', '40 MHz', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'company', 'Dhaka', 'position', 'terms', 'population', 'needs', 'access', 'financial', 'Ookla', 'country', 'industry', 'availability', 'citizens', 'objective', '5G', 'plan', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'vision', 'lives', 'demands', 'subsidiary', 'Netherlands', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'transaction', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'elements', 'unfpa', 'org', 'dashboard']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,prnewswire.com
2141,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European markets higher on Friday  04/01/2022: Euronext 100 +0.40% at 1 275.21  higher for the week  Euro Sto… https://t.co/EAAQuEyu3x,nan,Other European markets higher on Friday  04/01/2022: Euronext 100 +0.40% at 1 275.21  higher for the week  Euro Sto… https://t.co/EAAQuEyu3x,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Other European markets', 'Euro Sto', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'EAAQuEyu3x', '04', 'Other European markets', 'Euro Sto', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'EAAQuEyu3x', '04']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2142,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Sanofi To List Drug Ingredient Spin-Off EUROAPI On Euronext Paris in May $SNY https://t.co/M7hOGejSLq,nan,Sanofi To List Drug Ingredient Spin-Off EUROAPI On Euronext Paris in May $SNY https://t.co/M7hOGejSLq,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Drug Ingredient Spin', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'May', 'M7hOGejSLq', 'Drug Ingredient Spin', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'May', 'M7hOGejSLq']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2143,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Cession Action #INFOTEL18 mars 2022Euronext ParisERIC FABRETTI  DIRECTEUR GENERAL DELEGUECessionAction54.758… https://t.co/VNc8sBzvgR,nan,Cession Action #INFOTEL18 mars 2022Euronext ParisERIC FABRETTI  DIRECTEUR GENERAL DELEGUECessionAction54.758… https://t.co/VNc8sBzvgR,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['DIRECTEUR GENERAL DELEGUE', 'Cession Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'ERIC FABRETTI', 'INFOTEL', '18 mars', 'VNc8sBzvgR', 'DIRECTEUR GENERAL DELEGUE', 'Cession Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'ERIC FABRETTI', 'INFOTEL', '18 mars', 'VNc8sBzvgR']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2144,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/idAjZJD39v is like Gamestop in Europe! 🇪🇺Institutional forces (Euronext  competitors and evil shortin… https://t.co/vpmTddiWDo,nan,https://t.co/idAjZJD39v is like Gamestop in Europe! 🇪🇺Institutional forces (Euronext  competitors and evil shortin… https://t.co/vpmTddiWDo,negative,0.02,0.05,0.92,negative,0.02,0.05,0.92,True,English,"['Institutional forces', 'evil shortin', 'idAjZJD39v', 'Gamestop', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'competitors', 'vpmTddiWDo', 'Institutional forces', 'evil shortin', 'idAjZJD39v', 'Gamestop', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'competitors', 'vpmTddiWDo']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,Unknown
2147,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-2022-115000583.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2022 of Raketech Group Holding P.L.C.,1 day ago,"TRIQ I-IMSIDA IL-GZIRA  MT / ACCESSWIRE / April 1  2022 / Raketech (STO:RAKE):NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2022 OF RAKETECH GROUP HOLDING P.L.C. in accordance with Article 57 of the Articles of Association of the Company (the ""Articles"").NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2022 (the ""Meeting"") of Raketech Group Holding p.l.c.  company registration number C77421 (the ""Company"" or ""RGH"")  will be held on 17 May 2022  at 1 p.m. (CET) at the premises of Advokatfirman Vinge  Smålandsgatan 20  111 87 Stockholm  Sweden.Attendance and votingTo be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (and for the Company to be able to determine the number of votes that may be cast)  shareholders must be entered in the register of members maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 17 April 2022.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name in the register of members maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting. Such registration must be effected on 17 April 2022. Shareholders must therefore instruct their nominees well in advance thereof.To be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting  shareholders must notify the Company of their intention to participate by mail to Raketech Group Holding P.L.C. c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-10123 Stockholm  Sweden  by phone +46(0)8-401 43 10 (during the office hours of Euroclear Sweden AB) or by email at raketech@euroclear.com by no later than 11:59 p.m. (CET) on 17 April 2022. Such notification should include the shareholder's name  personal identification number/company registration number (or similar)  address and daytime telephone number  number of shares in the Company  as well as  if applicable  details of proxies. See below for information on the processing of personal data.Safeguards due to the CoronavirusIn view of the developments of the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID-19)  the Company has instituted some safeguards in connection with the annual general meeting to be held on 17 of May 2022  to reduce the risk of spread of contagion:Story continuesShareholders who display any symptoms or are in an identified risk group should not attend the AGM.Presentations at the AGM will be kept short.External guests are not being invited.No refreshments will be served before or during the meeting.Shareholders should carefully consider the possibility of participating via a proxy or agent.The effects of this spread are difficult to assess with certainty. Follow the announcements and recommendations of the public health authorities where you are located. For Sweden  this is FolkhälsomyndighetenProxiesA shareholder  who is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting  is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend and vote on such shareholder's behalf. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder. The appointment of a proxy must be in writing and its form must comply with article 88 of the Articles and:(a) where the shareholder is an individual  be signed by him/her; or(b) where the shareholder is a corporation  be signed by a duly authorised officer of the corporation.A proxy form is available on the Company's website: www.raketech.com/governance/general- meetings. Proxy forms must clearly indicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached to the proxy form.The original signed proxy form and  where the shareholder is a corporation a certificate of registration or similar evidencing the signatory right of the officer signing the proxy form  must be received no later than 11:59 p.m. (CET) on 17 April 2022 by Euroclear Sweden AB at Raketech Group Holding P.L.C.  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-10123 Stockholm  Sweden or by email at raketech@euroclear.com. In default of such timely receipt the proxy will not be treated as valid. Shareholders are  therefore  encouraged to send or deliver their proxy forms (and  if applicable copies of certificates of registration or similar) as soon as possible.Aggregated attendance notifications and proxy data processed by Euroclear Sweden AB must be received by the Company by email at legal@raketech.com not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the Meeting and in default shall not be treated as valid.Right to Ask Questions• Each shareholder (or proxy holder) shall have the right to ask questions which are pertinent and related to items on the Agenda of the Meeting to the Company Secretary by e-mail to legal@raketech.com by not later than 11:59 p.m. (CET) on 10 May 2022. An answer to a question shall not be required in those cases specified in article 85 of the Articles (a copy of which is available on the Company's website).Shareholder Proposals• In accordance with article 65 of the Articles  a shareholder holding not less than 5% of the voting issued share capital of the Company may: (a) request the Company to include items on the agenda of the Meeting  provided that each item is accompanied by a justification or a draft resolution to be adopted at the Meeting; and/or (b) table draft resolutions for items included in the agenda of the Meeting.• In accordance with article 66 of the Articles  the request to put items on the agenda of the Meeting and the tabling of the draft resolutions are to be submitted to and received by the Company in hard copy form or in electronic form (at legal@raketech.com) by not later than 1 April 2022 and are to be authenticated by the person/s making it. The Company shall not be obliged to entertain any requests by shareholders made after 1 April 2022.• The Company will have the sole discretion of determining whether any proposals submitted by shareholders have been properly submitted and  should any proposal require a modification to the agenda of the Meeting (as set out below)  the Company shall make available a revised agenda on its website  together with updated proxy forms and voting instructions (if any)  as soon as possible. Shareholders are therefore encouraged to check the Company's website after the above-mentioned deadline to check whether there have been any changes to the agenda and to ensure that they will be submitting the latest proxy forms and voting instructions.AgendaGeneral1 Opening of the Meeting2 Election of Chairman of the Meeting3 Drawing up and approval of the voting list4 Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the Meeting5 Approval of the agenda6 Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened7 The CEO's presentationOrdinary business (ordinary resolutions)8 To receive and approve the Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the Directors' Report for the year ending 31 December 2021 and the Auditors' Report for the year ending 31 December 20219 Resolution on dividends10 Retirement of Board of Directors and election of new Board of Directors11 Determination of fees for the members of the Board of Directors12 Election of auditor13 Determination of fees for the auditorSpecial business (ordinary resolutions)14 Resolution on the principles for appointing a Nomination Committee of the Company for the Annual General Meeting of 202315 Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the senior management16 Resolution on the adoption of a long-term incentive program for senior management staff members and other employees within Raketech Group Holding P.L.C. or its subsidiariesSpecial business (extraordinary resolutions)17 Extraordinary resolution on certain changes to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company for the purpose of forming a fiscal unit in accordance with the Consolidated Group (Income Tax) Rules (Subsidiary Legislation 123.189 of the laws of Malta).18 Extraordinary Resolution on certain changes to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company to alter the number of Equity Securities available for issuance by the Directors under Articles 4(b) and 4(c) of the Articles.19 Extraordinary Resolution on certain changes to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company to authorise the Directors to issue Shares up to the maximum value of the authorised share capital of the Company.Information on resolution proposalsAgenda item 2; Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes Rolf Ulrik Bengtsson to be elected as Chairman of the Meeting  in terms of article 70 of the Articles.Agenda item 8; Approval of Consolidated Financial Statements  Directors' Report and Auditors' Report for the year ending 31 December 2021The Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting resolves to approve the Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the Directors' Report and the Auditors' Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the Directors' Report and the Auditors' Report will be uploaded to the Company's website by no later than on 26 April 2022 for review by shareholders.Agenda item 9; Resolution on dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes  in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 and in accordance with the directors' recommendation as set forth in the Directors' Report  that the Meeting resolves not to pay any dividends.Agenda item 10; Retirement of Board of Directors and election of new Board of DirectorsThe current Board of Directors is comprised of Rolf Ulrik Bengtsson  Annika Maria Billberg  Benkt Fredrik Svederman  Erik Johan Sebastian Skarp  Johan Per Carl Svensson  and Magnus Gottås  all of whom will be retiring at the Meeting in terms of article 107 of the Articles.Annika Maria Billberg and Benkt Fredrik Svederman have declared to the Nomination Committee that they will not stand for re-election as members of the Board.The Nomination Committee proposes to re-elect Rolf Ulrik Bengtsson  Erik Johan Sebastian Skarp  Johan Per Carl Svensson and Magnus Gottås as members of the Board of the Directors of the Company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.The Nomination Committee proposes to elect Pierre Cadena and Clare Boynton as new members of the Board of the Directors of the Company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.The Nomination Committee further proposes to re-elect Rolf Ulrik Bengtsson as chairman of the of the Board of the Directors of the Company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. The appointment of each Board member shall be approved by a separate ordinary resolution.Information on the existing Board members is available at https://raketech.com/corporate-governance/Agenda item 11; Determination of fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the remuneration to the Directors of the Company shall be paid in accordance with the following: EUR 50 000 to the Chairman and EUR 30 000 to each of the other Directors.The Nomination Committee proposes that the remuneration to the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee  respectively  shall be paid in accordance with the following: (i) Audit Committee Chairman: EUR 10 000; and (ii) Remuneration Committee Chairman: EUR 10 000. In addition  the committee suggests appointing a USA committee where Chairman is awarded EUR 10.000.No Director having an operational role in the Company or its subsidiaries for which the Director receives a salary  or a consultancy fee shall receive any compensation for the work conducted in the Board of Directors and any committees.Agenda item 12; Election of auditorPricewaterhouseCoopers Malta is proposed to be re-elected as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposed auditor is in accordance with the Nomination Committee's recommendation.Agenda item 13; Determination of fees for the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be payable in accordance with any invoice approved by the Remuneration Committee.Agenda item 14; Resolution on the principles for appointing a Nomination Committee of the Company for the Annual General Meeting of 2023The Nomination Committee proposes that the Meeting approves the principles for appointing the Nomination Committee for the next annual general meeting in accordance with the following.i. The Nomination Committee shall consist of five members.ii. In terms of process for the appointment:a. The Chairman of the Board of Directors will contact the four largest shareholders in terms of votes based on Euroclear Sweden AB's list of registered shareholders on the last business day of August each year  or which by other means can be identified as one of the four largest shareholders.b. The four largest shareholders will each be given the opportunity to elect one representative to form the Nomination Committee along with one of the members of the Board of Directors who is independent in relation to the Company's management.c. If any of these shareholders chooses to waive its right to elect a representative  such right is transferred to the shareholder who  after these shareholders  has the largest share ownership.d. Members of the Nomination Committee must relinquish their places on the committee if the shareholder who originally appointed them is no longer one of the four largest shareholders  following which new shareholders  in order of the size of their holding  will be offered the opportunity to elect a member. However  no changes will be made to the composition of the Nomination Committee if the change occurs later than three months prior to the annual general meeting.e. If a member of the Nomination Committee steps down voluntarily from the committee before its work is completed  the shareholder who elected that member must appoint a successor  provided that the shareholder is still one of the four largest owners in terms of votes that are represented in the Nomination Committee. If not  point (d) shall apply.f. The Nomination Committee is entitled  if deemed appropriate  to co-opt members appointed by shareholders who became one of the four shareholders with the largest holdings in the Company after the Nomination Committee was formed  and who are not already represented on the Nomination Committee. Such co-opted members do not participate in the decisions of the Nomination Committee.iii. The Nomination Committee's term of office extends until a new Nomination Committee is appointed.iv. Unless the members agree otherwise  the Nomination Committee will be chaired by the member who represents the largest shareholder in terms of votes. However  a member of the Board of Directors shall not be Chairman of the Nomination Committee.v. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent of the Company and its management  and:a. Neither the Chief Executive Officer  nor other members of the management team  are to be members of the Nomination Committee.b. At least one member of the Nomination Committee is to be independent of the Company's largest shareholder in terms of votes or any group of shareholders who act in concert in the governance of the Company.c. Members of the Board of Directors shall not constitute a majority of the Nomination Committee. If more than one member of the Board of Directors is on the Nomination Committee  no more than one of these members of the Board of Directors may be dependent of a major shareholder of the Company.The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall call for the Nomination Committee's first meeting.Fees are not to be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. As required  the Company shall be responsible for reasonable costs for external consultants that the Nomination Committee deems necessary to perform its work.The composition of the Nomination Committee will be announced via a separate press release as soon as the Nomination Committee has been appointed  and no later than six months prior to the annual general meeting. Information will also be made available on the Company's website  which shall also explain the manner in which shareholders submit proposals to the Nomination Committee.The tasks of the Nomination Committee shall be to prepare  for the next annual general meeting  proposals in respect of (i) the number of members of the Board of Directors  composition of the Board of Directors  remuneration to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the other directors of the Board of Directors  and any member of any committee; (ii) the appointment and remuneration of auditors  and (iii) the identification of principles for the appointment of the following Nomination CommitteeAgenda item 15; Resolution on guidelines for remuneration of senior managementThe Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting approves the guidelines for remuneration for the period until the next annual general meeting offered to:a) the CEO;b) any other members of the senior management team of the Company; andc) any board member employed by the Company or any subsidiary thereof (collectively  the ""Senior Management"").These guidelines are also to be applied to any amendment of existing agreements as well as any execution of new agreements with the members of the Senior Management.OBJECTIVES OF THE REMUNERATION POLICYThe main objective is to ensure that the Company can attract  motivate and retain qualified members with the skills  competence  expertise and experience required for the Company to achieve its operating goals  to promote its business strategy and to safeguard its interests (including in the long term) and its sustainability. The Remuneration Policy aims also to align the interests of the Senior Management with those of the Company's shareholders.In this respect  there must be transparency and alignment to the delivery of strategic objectives  both at the group and individual level. There must also be scope for the reward of exceptional efforts and achievements that deliver value to the group and the shareholders.The remuneration offered by the Company shall be competitive and in line with market practice. It shall be designed to support the Company's strategy and interests  through different mechanisms. In particular  besides the fixed salary and other benefits in kind  it may include the following variable components for those members of the Senior Management who do not sit on the Board of Directors of the Company:• a possible cash variable component  in connection with the attainment of short-terms business goals (performance criteria will be applied  in connection with associated financial or non-financial goals  sometimes linked to the targets communicated to the market  to be achieved on certain quarters or on a yearly basis);• a possible share-based incentive scheme  to secure a strong ongoing alignment with the shareholders  through the Company's share price performance  in order to safeguard the Company's long-term interests.The combination of the above components seeks to create a well-balanced remuneration reflecting individual competences  responsibilities and performance  both short-term and long-term  to the benefit of the Company and its shareholders. In particular  the Company aims to balance equity and cash components  so that unnecessary risk-taking is not encouraged.The remuneration is reviewed annually  considering all elements of the remuneration together to ensure that the remuneration package as a whole remains competitive.TYPES OF REMUNERATIONThe total remuneration of the Senior Management may consist of the following components:Fixed base salaryThe Senior Management's fixed salary shall be competitive  in line with market practice and based on the individual member's competence  responsibilities and performance. While the same principles apply to all employees irrespective of their geographic location  but the actual remuneration depends on local market conditions and may therefore vary by country. Senior Management do not receive remuneration for board assignments in any Group Companies.Purpose:• Provides a sound basis on which to recruit and retain senior management members of appropriate calibre to deliver the strategic objectives of the Company.• Reflects the market value of the role and the post holder's experience  competency  and performance within the Company.Operation:The fixed salary is paid monthly in cash via payroll and reviewed on an annual basis for each calendar year. The Remuneration Committee reviews the CEO's fixed base salary  and provides the CEO with a budget to review the fixed base salaries of the senior management team.Benefits in kindThe offered benefits (including  for instance  private health  life insurance and more rarely  housing and school allowances) shall be competitive and cost-effective  in line with mandatory rules or established local practice depending on which law the individual is located. No performance metric applies.PensionCompetitive and cost-effective pension benefits may be offered in line with mandatory rules or established local practice depending on the employee's location of employment.The pension benefit for member of the senior management team may amount to up to 15% of the fixed base salary. No performance metric applies.Cash variable compensation (STI)The Senior Management is offered a cash variable compensation  based on predetermined and measurable performance criteria.Operation:• The on-target bonus for the CEO is up to 70% of his annual base salary and up to 40% for other senior management team members. Depending on the level of performance achieved  the annual variable remuneration can vary from no variable payment to a maximum of the defined on-target bonus.• The remuneration committee is responsible to set the CEO's performance criteria  whilst the CEO is responsible to set the performance criteria for senior management team members. The performance criteria applied may be financial or non-financial  corporate  divisional  or individual  and in such proportions as considered appropriate.• Performance criteria shall be defined  documented  and communicated at the beginning of each financial year. New hires shall receive their performance criteria within 4 weeks after their date of employment.• After the financial year has ended  the remuneration committee is responsible to evaluate the CEO's achievement rate  and the CEO is responsible to evaluate the senior management's achievement rates.• The payout of the bonus shall be based on the achievement rate  measured against the agreed and documented performance criteria. When more than one performance criteria have been defined  the average achievement rate shall be used to determine the payout.Achievement Rate Percentage Payout >110% target 100% 100% target 50% 95%-99% of target 25% <95% of target 0%• The performance criteria in 2022 will be based on the revenue and EBITDA of the Company  as per the 2022 budget approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.• 50% of the achieved bonus amount is paid within four weeks after the assessment has been completed  documented  and communicated to the employee. The remaining 50% shall be deferred for 6 months and only payable if the receiving employee is actively employed with the Company or any of its companies at the date of payout.• The Remuneration Committee may at any time withdraw or modify the bonus scheme  and any bonus payment is in the full discretion of the Remuneration Committee. The fact that any participating employees may have received a bonus at any time does not give rise to any expectation or entitlement to receive any bonus in the future  or as to the size of any future bonus.Share-based incentive schemesThe Board of Directors may also propose for the general meeting to resolve on long-term share incentive programs.FURTHER RELEVANT ASPECTSNotice of termination and severance paymentThe maximum notice of termination period in any member of Senior Management's contract is 9 months during which time payment of salary will continue. Upon termination by the company  and in addition to their fixed monthly salary during the notice period  the Senior Management is entitled to a maximum of 6 months' base salary as severance pay. If termination is made by the Senior Management member  the period of notice may not exceed 9 months and there is no right to severance pay.ClawbackIn a situation in which a bonus  or another incentive remuneration has been provided to a member of the Senior Management on the basis of data  information  or accounts which subsequently prove to have been incorrect  the Company may reclaim such remuneration component  in full or in part  on the basis of the correct data.Deviations from this Remuneration PolicyThe Board of Directors is entitled to depart from these guidelines in special circumstances  if any part of the Remuneration Policy no longer drives business performance  the achievement of the Company's strategy or employee motivation and retention. In the event of any major departure  the shareholders will be informed of the reason at the following annual general meeting.Policy ReviewThe Remuneration Policy shall be reviewed at least on an annual basis.Agenda item 16; Resolution on the adoption of a long-term incentive program for senior management staff members and other employees within Raketech Group Holding P.L.C. or its subsidiariesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for senior management staff members and other employees within the Company or its subsidiaries (the ""2022 ESIP Program"").The 2022 ESIP Program is comprised of share options which the participants are entitled to exercise to subscribe for shares in the Company.It is proposed that the 2022 ESIP Program will comprise not more than in aggregate 1 080 000 share options which may entitle to the same number of new shares  corresponding to not more than approximately 2.55% per cent of the share capital and votes of the Company (including the newly issued shares).Allocation of share optionsThe 2022 ESIP Program is proposed to comprise a maximum of 28 participants who are proposed to be allotted the share options. The Company shall not issue more than 1 080 000 share options in total. The beneficiaries will include 3 categories: the CEO (""Category 1"")  the other senior management staff members (""Category 2"")  and other key stakeholders and employees (""Category 3"")  as applicable. The Directors shall decide which senior management staff members and other employees are to be included in the 2022 ESIP Program based on their qualification and individual performance.Category Maximum number of persons Number of options to the beneficiaries in relation to their remuneration Category 1 1 50% of his base salary Category 2 7 Between 30% and 40% of their salary Category 3 20 UP to 15% of their salaryBoard members shall not be eligible to participate in the 2022 ESIP Program.Terms and conditionsThe 2022 ESIP Program will be implemented and allocations will take place to participants as soon as practicable following the decision at the Annual General Meeting 2022. The participants will be allotted a certain number of share options free of charge. The participants will be informed about their participation to the 2022 ESIP Program  and if they wish to accept the options  they are required to send an acceptance letter. Following such letter  they will receive an option certificate indicating the number of shares that the relevant participant is entitled to subscribe.The share options may not be transferred or pledged.Vesting of the optionsThe share options will vest for three years from the date on which the options were granted to each participant  whereby 1/3 will vest after the first year  an additional 1/3 after the second year and the remaining 1/3 will vest after the third year. The vesting is subject to the participant's continuous employment or assignment by the Company. The options can be exercised during a period of twenty-four (24) months commencing from the first anniversary from the date on which the same options were granted and ending within six (6) months from the third anniversary date from the date on which the same options were granted. If the whole (or substantially the whole) of the business of the Company is transferred to a third party  all unvested options will vest  so that the beneficiaries can exercise all options.The vesting is subject to the participant's continuous employment or assignment by the Company. The Directors shall be entitled  in their discretion  to resolve that a participant (or his/her heirs) may still exercise the options  even though the employment or assignment in the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) has ceased.Issuance of sharesThe Company will satisfy its obligations under the 2022 ESIP Program through the issuance of new shares following the exercise of share options by participants in the 2022 ESIP Program. All of the rights attached to the Company's shares are set out in the Company's Memorandum and Articles of Association.Exercise priceEach share option entitles the holder to acquire one share in the Company at an exercise price corresponding to 130 per cent of the volume-weighted average price of the Company's share as quoted on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during a period of 10 trading days calculated as from and including 11 May 2022.Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue  etc.The exercise price and the number of shares that each share option entitles to subscription for shall be recalculated in the event of a split  consolidation  new share issue  dividend  etc. in accordance with Swedish market practice.The rationale for the proposalThe Company shall offer remuneration in accordance with market practice which enables the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel. Remunerations within the Company shall be based on principles of performance  competitiveness and fairness. Share based incentive programs may be offered as part of the total compensation package. The Directors are of the opinion that the 2022 ESIP Program is in the best interest of both the Company and its shareholders. The rationale for the 2022 ESIP Program is to achieve a greater alignment of interests between the participants and the shareholders  to create conditions for retaining and recruiting competent persons to the Company and to increase the motivation among the participants in order to maintain and sustain the growth of the Company.CostsThe costs for the 2022 ESIP Program are estimated to amount to approximately EUR 650 000 (it should be noted that no social security costs are expected under current Maltese tax rules) calculated in accordance with IFRS 2. The costs have been estimated based on a share price of SEK 24 at the time of the start of the program and that full allocation and maximum outcome will apply. The costs are expected to have a limited effect on the Company's key ratios.Dilution and information about current outstanding incentive programsUpon maximum exercise of the options under the 2022 ESIP Program  the share capital of the Company will increase by EUR 2 160  1 080 000 new shares will be issued  meaning a dilution of approximately 2.55 per cent of the number of shares and votes in the Company. Currently  the Company has three active incentive programs to certain key employees outstanding which was adopted in 2019  2020 and 2021. Considering the shares which may be issued pursuant to the outstanding incentive programs in the Company  the maximum dilution  including all three programs  if ESIP 2022 is decided at the Meeting and fully allotted  can amount to 5.6 per cent.For more information regarding the Company's current outstanding incentive programs  please see the Company's Annual Report for 2021  which will be made available on the Company's website  www.raketech.com.Preparations of the proposalThe Directors of the Company and the Remuneration Committee have prepared the 2022 ESIP Program. The 2022 ESIP Program has been reviewed by the Directors and by the Remuneration Committee at meetings in March 2022.Majority RequirementA resolution to approve the 2022 ESIP Program is valid only where supported by shareholders holding more than 50 per cent of the voting rights attached to shares represented and entitled to vote at the Meeting.Agenda Item 17; Extraordinary resolution on certain changes to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company for the purpose of forming a fiscal unit in accordance with the Consolidated Group (Income Tax) Rules (Subsidiary Legislation 123.189 of the laws of MaltaThe Board is proposing the introduction of a new Clause 5(z) to the Memorandum for the purpose of forming a fiscal unit composed of the Company and its subsidiaries  Raketech Group Limited (C 48831) and Casumba Media Limited (C 76055)  in accordance with the Consolidated Group (Income Tax) Rules (Subsidiary Legislation 123.189 of the laws of Malta). On this basis  the Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting resolves to adopt the following Extraordinary Resolution:""(1) That a new Clause 5(z) be added to the Memorandum of Association of the Company which shall read as follows:""(z) To consolidate the Company's results pursuant to any requirement or right in terms of Maltese law  including but not limited to the Companies Act (Cap. 386  Laws of Malta) and the Income Tax Acts (Cap. 123 and Cap. 372  Laws of Malta).""(2) That the Company's Memorandum and Articles of Association (""M&A"") be updated to reflect the foregoing extraordinary resolution and any other changes that are required in terms of law to reflect any changes that may have taken place since the current version of the M&A was last approved and registered by the Registrar of Companies.(3) That any one director and/or the company secretary  acting singly  be and hereby is  authorised to: (i) issue a certified extract of these resolutions  (ii) sign and file the updated M&A on the Company's behalf with the Registrar of Companies  and (iii) do all things as may be necessary to give effect to these resolutions including inter alia submit any notifications and/or documents as may be necessary to the Commissioner for Inland Revenue and/or any other relevant authorities.Agenda Item 18; Extraordinary Resolution on certain changes to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company to alter the number of Equity Securities available for issuance by the Directors under Articles 4(b) and 4(c) of the Articles.The Board is proposing an amendment to article 4 of the Articles to: (a) alter the maximum number of Equity Securities which may be issued by the Directors subject to the provisions of article 85 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the laws of Malta) (""CA"") as payment for an acquisition of assets by the Company or by any of its subsidiaries after the date of the Meeting and/or as payment to a creditor in settlement of a debt owed by the Company or its subsidiaries after the date of the Meeting; and (b) extend the validity of the authorisation period set out therein until the end of the Company's Annual General Meeting for 2023  subject to the Company's ability in general meeting to renew this permission by ordinary resolution for further maximum periods of 5 years each thereafter.The rationale for these amendments is to ensure that the Company has sufficient flexibility to be able to meet its various obligations to third party investors  sellers and/or creditors. On this basis  the Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting resolves to adopt the following Extraordinary Resolution:(1) That Article 4 of the Company's Articles be deleted and substituted in its entirety by the following:""4. Subject to the provisions of article 85 of the Act and  in the case of sub-articles (b) and (c) hereunder with effect from the 15 May 2022  the Directors are authorised to issue Equity Securities of the Company in any of the following cases:(a) an issuance of Equity Securities in relation to employee or director incentive programmes  up to the maximum value of the authorised share capital (or Equity Securities convertible into the maximum value of the authorised share capital) in respect of one or more issuances  provided that the Directors shall only be authorised to issue Equity Securities in relation to incentive programmes that are first approved and authorised by the Company in general meeting;(b) an issuance of Equity Securities as payment for an acquisition of assets (including shares) by the Company or by any of its subsidiaries; and/or(c) an issuance of convertible debt securities or an issuance of Equity Securities as payment to a creditor in settlement of a debt owed by the Company or its subsidiaries to such creditor.Provided that in the case of sub-articles (b) and (c) above  the Directors shall be authorised to issue Equity Securities up to an aggregate maximum of 20% of the issued Shares of the Company (or Equity Securities convertible into 20% of the issued Shares) on a rolling 12-month basis.The foregoing authorisation is valid until the end of the Company's annual general meeting for 2023 and the Company in general meeting may by ordinary resolution renew this permission for further periods of one (1) to five (5) years each.(2) That the Company's M&A be updated to reflect the foregoing extraordinary resolution and any other changes that are required in terms of law to reflect any changes that may have taken place since the current version of the memorandum and articles of association was last approved and registered by the Registrar of Companies.(3) That any one director and/or the company secretary  acting singly  be and hereby is  authorised to: (i) issue a certified extract of these resolutions  (ii) sign and file the updated M&A on the Company's behalf with the Registrar of Companies  and (iii) do all things as may be necessary to give effect to these resolutions.""Agenda Item 19; Extraordinary Resolution on certain changes to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company to authorise the Directors to issue Shares up to the maximum value of the authorised share capital of the CompanyThe Board is proposing the introduction of a new article 4A to the Articles for the purpose of authorising the Directors of the Company to issue Shares up to the maximum value of the authorised share capital of the Company. The rationale behind this proposed amendment is to grant the Directors of the Company (subject to prior shareholder approval in general meeting) the flexibility to issue Shares other than for the reasons already set out in article 4 subject to the provisions of article 85 CA.The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the Meeting adopts the following Extraordinary Resolution:(1) That a new article 4A be added to the Company's Articles  which shall read as follows:""4A. Subject to the provisions of article 85 of the Act  the shareholders in general meeting may  by ordinary resolution  authorise the Directors to issue Shares up to the maximum value of the authorised share capital of the Company as provided by the Memorandum  which authorisation shall be for a maximum period of 5 years renewable for further maximum periods of 5 years each.(2) That the Company's M&A be updated to reflect the foregoing extraordinary resolution and any other changes that are required in terms of law to reflect any changes that may have taken place since the current version of the memorandum and articles of association was last approved and registered by the Registrar of Companies.(3) That any one director and/or the company secretary  acting singly  be and hereby is  authorised to: (i) issue a certified extract of these resolutions  (ii) sign and file the updated M&A on the Company's behalf with the Registrar of Companies  and (iii) do all things as may be necessary to give effect to these resolutions.""OtherThe Company has 41 295 601 shares issued as of the date of this notice (one vote per share).Except as otherwise provided in this Notice  all supporting documentation mentioned in this Notice and a copy of the Company's proposed amendments to its Memorandum and Articles of Association are available at the Company's website (www.raketech.com) as at the date of this Notice. The Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 together with the Directors' Report  the Auditor's report and the terms and conditions for the share options will be available on the Company's website (www.raketech.com) no later than on 26 April 2022. Such documents will also be (a) sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address and (b) made available at the Meeting.For information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's website www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor- engelska.pdf.Malta  1 April 2022RAKETECH GROUP HOLDING P.L.C.The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:investor@raketech.comAbout Raketech GroupRaketech is a leading online affiliate and content marketing company  with expertise in delivering comparison services for sports and gaming  online guides  communities and social media products. Raketech guides sports and gaming enthusiasts to the best possible services  while also delivering high-quality traffic and leads to its partners. Raketech grows both organically and via acquisitions and operates its business in accordance with a clear framework for responsible affiliate marketing services. The company's shares are listed in Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market with ticker RAKE. Erik Penser Bank AB is the company's Certified Adviser: +46 8 4638300 / certifiedadviser@penser.se. For more information  visit www.raketech.com.AttachmentsNotice of AGM 2022SOURCE: RaketechView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/695631/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2022-of-Raketech-Group-Holding-PLC",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.11,0.22,0.67,True,English,"['Raketech Group Holding P.L.C.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'RAKETECH GROUP HOLDING P.L.C.', 'TRIQ I-IMSIDA IL-GZIRA', 'public health authorities', 'daytime telephone number', 'Aggregated attendance notifications', 'personal identification number', 'voting instructions sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'risk group', 'company registration number', 'personal data', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'Smålandsgatan', 'Such registration', 'office hours', 'Such notification', 'External guests', 'Folkhälsomyndigheten', 'general- meetings', 'timely receipt', 'applicable copies', 'share capital', 'Proxy forms', 'proxy data', 'proxy holder', 'authorised officer', 'Company Secretary', 'signatory right', 'Shareholder Proposals', 'MT', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'NOTICE', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Association', 'RGH', '17 May', 'CET', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'votes', 'shareholders', 'register', 'members', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'order', 'advance', 'intention', 'mail', 'Box', 'address', 'details', 'proxies', 'information', 'processing', 'Safeguards', 'Coronavirus', 'view', 'developments', 'spread', 'COVID', 'connection', 'contagion', 'Story', 'symptoms', 'AGM', 'Presentations', 'refreshments', 'possibility', 'agent', 'effects', 'certainty', 'announcements', 'recommendations', 'behalf', 'appointment', 'writing', 'individual', 'corporation', 'website', 'governance', 'certificate', 'default', 'legal', 'Questions', 'items', 'Agenda', '10 May', 'answer', 'cases', 'copy', 'less', 'ju', '11:59']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2148,Euroclear,Google API,https://tdpelmedia.com/rouble-firms-for-ninth-session-in-moscow-stocks-jump-eyeing-gas-saga,Rouble firms for ninth session in Moscow  stocks jump eyeing gas saga,1 day ago,The Russian rouble strengthened for a ninth straight session in Moscow  ending near 83 per dollar on Thursday  and stocks jumped higher as some curbs on short selling were lifted  with the market focused on the effects of Moscow’s demand that its gas exports be paid for in roubles.The rouble ended 1.6% stronger against the dollar at 83.20  its strongest close since February 25  and gained 1.8% to close at 92.50 versus the euro.The currency lost nearly 40% of its value from the 2021 close as global curbs and sanctions kicked in in retaliation of Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine late last month.Dynamics driving the rouble are to some extent artificial.The currency  which had been free-floating until late February  is now steered by capital controls  a ban on buying cash dollars and euros and other administrative measures.In Moscow trading  the rouble has risen in 15 of the last 16 sessions.The Russian currency is extending gains made last week after President Vladimir Putin demanded that natural gas exported to Europe be paid for in roubles  a move that has galvanised European countries into action.Putin is demanding foreign buyers pay for Russian gas in roubles from Friday or else have their supplies cut.“There’s not much chance of Europe directly paying in roubles ” said Christian Lawrence  senior market strategist at Rabobank.“Putin has been quite clear that he needs roubles for that gas. So  if it does happen  I think he goes via a third party. But we will have to wait and see how it pans out.”On Wednesday  two sources told Reuters that Russia planned to keep the contract currency for gas exports to Europe unchanged but would seek final payment in roubles as one of the options to switch the currency of gas trade  moves that may ease some traders’ concerns.Russia’s Gazprombank said on Thursday it would provide conditions to allow convenient payments for Russian gas in roubles  Tass news agency said.On the interbank market  rouble bids reached as strong as 75 against the dollar in the previous session and were hovering around 79 on Thursday.The rouble was at 81 to the dollar on the EBS electronic platform  below levels last seen prior to the invasion.STOCKS SURGE HIGHERRussian stock indexes were higher. The central bank from Thursday lifted a ban on some short selling  but limited it to shares in 83 enterprises and only to banks and brokers.On Thursday  the bank told Reuters a ban on the buying and selling of any securities between Russians and foreigners of”unfriendly” countries  imposed on March 1  was indefinite.Moscow Exchange said trading in foreign securities would be relaunched once transfers between Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD) and international clearing houses Euroclear and Clearstream  which are currently blocked  had been resolved.“Foreign securities purchased by investors on the exchange are in safekeeping in the Russian jurisdiction ” Moscow Exchange said.The dollar-denominated RTS index was up 7.6% at 1 021.28 points  its highest close since February 23  the day before Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine.The rouble-based MOEX Russian index rose 7.6% to 2 703.51 points. Shares of energy giant Gazprom leapt 12.3%.Shares in sanctioned lender VTB were 15.4% higher. SPB Exchange  Russia’s second-largest bourse  said it planned to resume trading in several securities of Russian companies with foreign primary listings  but not earlier than April 7.Russia has spent 50.2 billion roubles ($613 million) in coupons on seven OFZ treasury bond issues  data on its website showed.Yields on Russia’s benchmark 10-year OFZ treasury bonds  which move inversely to prices  fell to 11.1%  their lowest since February 2.See Something Say Something  Share The News WhatsAppFacebookTwitterLinkedInRedditTelegramPinterestEmailSkypePrintTumblrPocket,neutral,0.04,0.78,0.17,negative,0.02,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Rouble firms', 'ninth session', 'gas saga', 'Moscow', 'stocks', 'seven OFZ treasury bond issues', 'benchmark 10-year OFZ treasury bonds', 'rouble-based MOEX Russian index', 'dollar-denominated RTS index', 'other administrative measures', 'Tass news agency', 'EBS electronic platform', 'National Settlement Depository', 'international clearing houses', 'energy giant Gazprom', 'The News WhatsApp', 'ninth straight session', 'Russian stock indexes', 'foreign primary listings', 'senior market strategist', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'previous session', 'Russian jurisdiction', 'Russian companies', 'foreign buyers', 'Russian gas', 'capital controls', 'cash dollars', 'last 16 sessions', 'European countries', 'Christian Lawrence', 'third party', 'two sources', 'final payment', 'traders’ concerns', 'convenient payments', 'interbank market', 'unfriendly” countries', 'foreign securities', 'lender VTB', 'largest bourse', 'Skype Print', 'Tumblr Pocket', 'gas exports', 'natural gas', 'gas trade', 'Russian currency', 'SPB Exchange', 'several securities', 'Russian rouble', 'short selling', 'global curbs', 'STOCKS SURGE', 'central bank', 'contract currency', 'rouble bids', 'late February', 'Moscow Exchange', '50.2 billion roubles', 'Moscow trading', 'Thursday', 'effects', 'demand', 'value', 'sanctions', 'retaliation', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Dynamics', 'extent', 'euros', 'gains', 'move', 'action', 'Friday', 'supplies', 'chance', 'Rabobank', 'Wednesday', 'Reuters', 'options', 'Gazprombank', 'conditions', 'levels', 'HIGHER', 'shares', '83 enterprises', 'banks', 'brokers', 'buying', 'Russians', 'foreigners', 'March', 'transfers', 'NSD', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'investors', 'safekeeping', '1,021.28 points', 'tens', 'thousands', 'troops', '2,703.51 points', 'April', 'coupons', 'data', 'website', 'Yields', 'prices', 'Something', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Reddit', 'Telegram', 'Pinterest', 'Email']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,tdpelmedia.com
2149,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/01/2414918/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-REVERSED-AUCTIONS-SEK-MUNICIPAL-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS SEK MUNICIPAL BONDS,1 day ago,Anbudsförfarande kommuner och regioner  2022-04-05Bonds Floating-rate Notes(FRN) issued in SEK by Municipalities or Regions with maturity in:2025The following issuers are accepted for delivery:JÖNKÖPINGS KOMMUNVÄSTERÅS KOMMUNSKÅNE LÄNS LANDSTINGNORRKÖPINGS KOMMUNHELSINGBORGS KOMMUNÖREBRO KOMMUNSUNDSVALLS KOMMUNUPPSALA KOMMUNTÄBY KOMMUNÖSTERSUNDS KOMMUNLUNDS KOMMUNSÖDERTÄLJE KOMMUNHUDDINGE KOMMUNMALMÖ KOMMUNGÖTEBORGS KOMMUNSTOCKHOLMS KOMMUNDelivery may not be made in Bonds purchased by the Counterparty from the issuer less than one week prior to the date for announcing the Specific terms  i.e. the purchase may not have been made after:2022-03-25Bids Bids are made to tel 08-696 69 70 and confirmed in writing by a filled-in Bid form by e-mail to EOL@riksbank.seBid date 2022-04-05Bid times 10.00-11.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateRequested volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 750 +/- 750 millionHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) The total bid volume from one Counterparty for the two Credit rating classes may not exceed SEK 750 million.No bid may contain Bonds exceeding SEK 750 million issued by Stockholms Stad  Region Stockholm (Stockholms läns landsting) or Göteborgs Stad.For other issuers  bids may not contain Bonds exceeding SEK 100 million issued by the same issuer.Lowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) The total bid volume from one Counterparty should not be less than SEK 50 million and not be less than SEK 5 million per Bond (ISIN code).Credit rating classes The requested volume is divided into two credit rating classes. Credit rating refers to the issuer’s credit rating. If there are credit ratings from several credit rating agencies the highest of these will be applied.Class 1: A long-term credit rating of AAA with S&P  Aaa with Moody’s or AAA with Fitch.Class 2: A long-term credit rating of AA+ with S&P  Aa1 with Moody’s or AA+ with Fitch.Maturity Bonds maturing between January 1. 2025 and December 31. 2025. The year is divided into four quarters and bids are placed for each quarter and Credit Class.Example: For Credit Class 1 with maturity quarter 2  a bid of SEK 90 million is placed at interest x %.Expected allocation time Not later than 11.30 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateDelivery and payment date 2022-04-07Delivery of bonds Bonds issued in the PM section:To the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system: 1 4948 6383.Bonds issued in the AM section:To the Riksbank's account at the Global Custodian State Street:Global Custodian BIC Code: SBOSUS3CXXXLocal Settlement Agent: SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (SEB)Local Settlement Agent BIC Code: ESSESESSXXXGlobal Custodian's Account Name at SEB: STATE STREET BANK & TRUSTGlobal Custodian's Account Number at SEB: 01-100 386 491Riksbank's Account Name at the Global Custodian: SVERIGES RIKSBANK Riksbank's Account Number at the Global Custodian: 0145PSET BIC: VPCSSESSXXXCounterparties must use BIC: ESSESESSXXX in field 95P::DEAG/REAG and State Street BIC: SBOSUS3CXXX in field 95P::SELL/BUYR in the settlement instruction.Bonds issued for the euro market (ISIN code with XS):To the Riksbank's account at Euroclear Bank: 91181.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS', 'SEK MUNICIPAL BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Anbudsförfarande kommuner och regioner', 'SKÅNE LÄNS LANDSTING', 'Local Settlement Agent BIC Code', 'SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB', 'JÖNKÖPINGS KOMMUN', 'several credit rating agencies', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'two Credit rating classes', 'VÄSTERÅS KOMMUN', 'SÖDERTÄLJE KOMMUN', 'Global Custodian State Street', 'Bid date Requested volume', 'Global Custodian BIC Code', 'Stockholms läns', 'State Street BIC', 'securities settlement system', 'STATE STREET BANK', 'NORRKÖPINGS KOMMUN', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'long-term credit rating', 'total bid volume', 'TÄBY KOMMUN', 'GÖTEBORGS KOMMUN', 'Göteborgs Stad', 'Bonds Floating-rate Notes', 'SVERIGES RIKSBANK Riksbank', 'ISIN code', 'settlement instruction', 'S&P', 'PSET BIC', 'Euroclear Bank', 'STOCKHOLMS KOMMUN', 'Stockholms Stad', 'credit ratings', 'HELSINGBORGS KOMMUN', 'ÖREBRO KOMMUN', 'SUNDSVALLS KOMMUN', 'UPPSALA KOMMUN', 'ÖSTERSUNDS KOMMUN', 'LUNDS KOMMUN', 'HUDDINGE KOMMUN', 'MALMÖ KOMMUN', 'Bid form', 'Bid times', 'Credit Class', 'payment date', 'following issuers', 'Specific terms', 'Region Stockholm', 'other issuers', 'four quarters', 'allocation time', 'PM section', 'AM section', 'euro market', 'one Counterparty', 'Account Name', 'Account Number', 'field 95P', 'same issuer', 'Maturity Bonds', 'maturity quarter', 'bonds Bonds', 'Bids Bids', 'FRN', 'SEK', 'Municipalities', 'Regions', 'delivery', 'purchase', 'tel', 'writing', 'mail', 'EOL', 'CEST', 'AAA', 'Moody', 'Fitch', 'AA+', 'Aa1', 'January', 'December', 'year', 'Example', 'interest', 'SBOSUS3CXXX', 'SEB', 'ESSESESSXXX', 'TRUST', 'VPCSSESSXXX', 'Counterparties', 'DEAG/REAG', 'SELL', 'BUYR', 'XS']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,globenewswire.com
2150,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19864351.html,Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,23 hours ago,"Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) Registration Statement No. 333-259205Pricing Supplement Dated March 30  2022 To the Product Prospectus Supplement ERN-EI-1  Prospectus Supplement  and Prospectus Each Dated September 14  2021$3 000 000Geared Buffered Enhanced Return NotesLinked to the MSCI EAFE® Index   DueFebruary 2  2024Royal Bank of CanadaRoyal Bank of Canada is offering the Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the performance of the MSCI EAFE® Index (the “Reference Asset”).The CUSIP number for the Notes is 78016FH80 and the ISIN is US78016FH809. The Notes do not pay interest. The Notes provide a 150% leveraged positive return if the level of the Reference Asset increases from the Initial Level to the Final Level  up to a maximum return of $1 232.50 per $1 000 in principal amount. If the Final Level is less than the Initial Level  but not by more than 20.00%  investors will receive their principal amount at maturity. However  investors will lose 1.25% of the principal amount of the Notes for each 1% decrease from the Initial Level to the Final Level of more than 20.00%. Accordingly  investors may lose all or substantially all of their principal amount. Any payments on the Notes are subject to our credit risk.Issue Date: April 4  2022Maturity Date: February 2  2024The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page P-6 of this pricing supplement  “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” beginning on page PS-4 of the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  and “Risk Factors” on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes will not constitute deposits insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Canadian or U.S. government agency or instrumentality.The Notes are not subject to conversion into our common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined that this pricing supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Per Note Total Price to public 100.00% $3 000 000 Underwriting discounts and commissions 0.00% $0.00 Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada 100.00% $3 000 000RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”)  acting as our agent  will not receive a commission in connection with the sale of the Notes. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” below.The initial estimated value of the Notes as of the Trade Date is $1 004.30 per $1 000 in principal amount. The actual value of the Notes at any time will reflect many factors  cannot be predicted with accuracy  and may be less than this amount. We describe our determination of the initial estimated value in more detail below.RBC Capital Markets  LLCGeared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexSUMMARYThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement  and the prospectus.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (“Royal Bank”) Underwriter: RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”) Reference Asset: MSCI EAFE® Index (""MXEA"") Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof Trade Date (Pricing Date): March 30  2022 Issue Date: April 4  2022 Valuation Date: January 30  2024 Maturity Date: February 2  2024  subject to extension for market and other disruptions  as described in the product prospectus supplement. Payment at Maturity (if held to maturity): If the Percentage Change is positive   then the investor will receive an amount per $1 000 principal amount per Note equal to the lesser of : 1. Principal Amount + (Principal Amount x Percentage Change x Leverage Factor); and 2. Maximum Redemption Amount If the Percentage Change is less than or equal to 0%  but not by more than the Buffer Percentage (that is  the Percentage Change is between 0% and -20.00%)  then the investor will receive the principal amount only. If the Percentage Change is negative  by more than the Buffer Percentage (that is  the Percentage Change is between -20.01% and -100%)  then the investor will receive a cash payment equal to: Principal Amount + [Principal Amount x (Percentage Change + Buffer Percentage) x Downside Multiplier] In this case  you will lose all or a portion of the principal amount of the Notes. Percentage Change: The Percentage Change  expressed as a percentage  is calculated using the following formula:Initial Level: 2 204.09  which was the closing level of the Reference Asset on the Trade Date. Final Level: The closing level of the Reference Asset on the Valuation Date. Leverage Factor: 150% (subject to the Maximum Redemption Amount) Maximum Redemption Amount: $1 232.50 per $1 000 in principal amount. Buffer Percentage: 20.00% Buffer Level: 1 763.27  which is 80.00% of the Initial Level (rounded to two decimal places). Downside Multiplier: 100/80.00  which is 1.25Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexPrincipal at Risk: The Notes are NOT principal protected. You may lose all or a substantial portion of your principal amount at maturity if the Final Level is less than the Buffer Level. Calculation Agent: RBCCM U.S. Tax Treatment: By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as a pre-paid cash-settled derivative contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the Internal Revenue Service could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence. Please see the section below  “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” and the discussion (including the opinion of Ashurst LLP  our special U.S. tax counsel) in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” which apply to the Notes. Secondary Market: RBCCM (or one of its affiliates)  though not obligated to do so  may maintain a secondary market in the Notes after the issue date. The amount that you may receive upon sale of your Notes prior to maturity may be less than the principal amount of your Notes. Listing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Clearance and Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg as described under “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus). Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Secondary Market” on pages P-2 and P-3 of this pricing supplement and the terms appearing under the captions “General Terms of the Notes” and “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” in the product prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexADDITIONAL TERMS OF YOUR NOTESYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus dated September 14  2021  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  relating to our Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the product prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the product prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors before you invest in the Notes. You may access these documents on the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):Prospectus dated September 14  2021:Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Product Prospectus Supplement ERN-EI-1 dated September 14  2021:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 1000275. As used in this pricing supplement  “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to Royal Bank of Canada.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexHYPOTHETICAL RETURNSThe examples set out below are included for illustration purposes only. The hypothetical Percentage Changes of the Reference Asset used to illustrate the calculation of the Payment at Maturity (rounded to two decimal places) are not estimates or forecasts of the Final Level or the level of the Reference Asset on any trading day prior to the Maturity Date. All examples are based on a Buffer Percentage of 20.00% (the Buffer Level is 80.00% of the Initial Level)  the Leverage Factor of 150%  the Maximum Redemption Amount of $1 232.50  and the Downside Multiplier of 1.25  and that a holder purchased Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1 000 and that no market disruption event occurs on the Valuation Date.Example 1 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive.Percentage Change: 5% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (5% x 150%)] = $1 000 + $75 = $1 075 On a $1 000 investment  a 5% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 075  a 7.50% return on the Notes.Example 2 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive (and the Payment at Maturity is subject to the Maximum Redemption Amount).Percentage Change: 30%Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (30% x 150%)] = $1 000 + $450 = $1 450 However  the Maximum Redemption Amount is $1 232.50. On a $1 000 investment  a 30% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 232.50  a 23.25% return on the Notes.Example 3 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (but not by more than the Buffer Percentage). Percentage Change: -8% Payment at Maturity: At maturity  if the Percentage Change is negative BUT not by more than the Buffer Percentage  then the Payment at Maturity will equal the principal amount. On a $1 000 investment  a -8% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 000  a 0% return on the Notes.Example 4 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (by more than the Buffer Percentage). Percentage Change: -35% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (-35% + 20.00%) x 1.25] = $1 000 - $187.50 = $812.50 On a $1 000 investment  a -35% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $812.50  a -18.75% return on the Notes.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexSELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Investing in the Notes is not equivalent to investing directly in the Reference Asset. These risks are explained in more detail in the section “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement. In addition to the risks described in the prospectus supplement and the product prospectus supplement  you should consider the following:Risks Relating to the Terms of the Notes• You May Not Receive the Full Principal Amount at Maturity — Investors in the Notes could lose all or a substantial portion of their principal amount if there is a decline in the level of the Reference Asset. You will lose 1.25% of the principal amount of the Notes for each 1% that the Final Level is less than the Buffer Level.• The Notes Do Not Pay Interest and Your Return May Be Lower than the Return on a Conventional Debt Security of Comparable Maturity — There will be no periodic interest payments on the Notes as there would be on a conventional fixed-rate or floating-rate debt security having the same maturity. The return that you will receive on the Notes  which could be negative  may be less than the return you could earn on other investments. Even if your return is positive  your return may be less than the return you would earn if you purchased one of our conventional senior interest bearing debt securities.• Your Potential Payment at Maturity Is Limited — The Notes will provide less opportunity to participate in the appreciation of the Reference Asset than an investment in a security linked to the Reference Asset providing full participation in the appreciation  because the payment at maturity will not exceed the Maximum Redemption Amount. Accordingly  your return on the Notes may be less than your return would be if you made an investment in a security directly linked to the positive performance of the Reference Asset.• Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Changes in Our Credit Ratings Are Expected to Affect the Market Value of the Notes — The Notes are our senior unsecured debt securities. As a result  your receipt of the amount due on the maturity date is dependent upon our ability to repay our obligations at that time. This will be the case even if the level of the Reference Asset increases after the Trade Date. No assurance can be given as to what our financial condition will be at the maturity of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Secondary Market for the Notes• There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes—Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses — There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. RBCCM and our other affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. RBCCM or any of our other affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and asked prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.Risks Relating to the Initial Estimated Value of the Notes• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes on the Cover Page of this Pricing Supplement Is an Estimate Only  Calculated as of the Time the Terms of the Notes Were Set — The initial estimated value of the Notes is based on the value of our obligation to make the payments on the Notes  together with the mid-market value of the derivative embedded in the terms of the Notes. See “Structuring the Notes” below. Our estimate is based on a variety of assumptions  including our credit spreads  expectations as to dividends  interest rates and volatility  and the expected term of the Notes. These assumptions are based on certain forecasts about future events  which may prove to be incorrect. Other entities may value the Notes or similar securities at a price that is significantly different than we do.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexThe value of the Notes at any time after the Trade Date will vary based on many factors  including changes in market conditions  and cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result  the actual value you would receive if you sold the Notes in any secondary market  if any  should be expected to differ materially from the initial estimated value of your Notes.Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest and Our Trading Activities• Our Business Activities May Create Conflicts of Interest — We and our affiliates expect to engage in trading activities related to the Reference Asset that are not for the account of holders of the Notes or on their behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the holders’ interests in the Notes and the interests we and our affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts  in facilitating transactions  including options and other derivatives transactions  for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities  if they influence the level of the Reference Asset  could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. We and one or more of our affiliates may  at present or in the future  engage in business with companies included in the Reference Asset  including making loans to or providing advisory services. These services could include investment banking and merger and acquisition advisory services. These activities may present a conflict between our or one or more of our affiliates’ obligations and your interests as a holder of the Notes. Moreover  we  and our affiliates may have published  and in the future expect to publish  research reports with respect to the Reference Asset. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of these activities by us or one or more of our affiliates may affect the level of the Reference Asset  and  therefore  the market value of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Reference Asset• An Investment in the Notes Is Subject to Risks Relating to Non-U.S. Securities Markets — Because foreign companies or foreign equity securities included in the Reference Asset are publicly traded in the applicable foreign countries and are denominated in non-U.S. currencies  an investment in the Notes involves particular risks. For example  the non-U.S. securities markets may be more volatile than the U.S. securities markets  and market developments may affect these markets differently from the U.S. or other securities markets. Direct or indirect government intervention to stabilize the securities markets outside the U.S.  as well as cross-shareholdings in certain companies  may affect trading prices and trading volumes in those markets. Also  the public availability of information concerning the foreign issuers may vary depending on their home jurisdiction and the reporting requirements imposed by their respective regulators. In addition  the foreign issuers may be subject to accounting  auditing and financial reporting standards and requirements that differ from those applicable to U.S. reporting companies.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® Index• Notes Linked to the Reference Asset Are Subject to Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk — The payment amount on the Notes will be calculated based on the Reference Asset  and the prices of the applicable stocks are converted into U.S. dollars for purposes of calculating the level of the Reference Asset. As a result  investors in the Notes will be exposed to currency exchange rate risk with respect to each of the currencies represented by the Reference Asset. An investor’s net exposure will depend on the extent to which the currencies represented by the Reference Asset strengthen or weaken against the U.S. dollar and the relative weight of each relevant currency represented by the Reference Asset. If  taking into account such weight  the dollar strengthens against such currencies  the level of the Reference Asset will be adversely affected and the amount payable  if any  at maturity of the Notes may be reduced.• You Will Not Have Any Rights to the Securities Included in the Reference Asset — As a holder of the Notes  you will not have voting rights or rights to receive cash dividends or other distributions or other rights that holders of securities included in the Reference Asset would have. The Final Level will not reflect any dividends paid on the securities included in the Reference Asset  and accordingly  any positive return on the Notes may be less than the potential positive return on those securities.• The Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Postponement Due to Market Disruption Events and Adjustments — The payment at maturity and the Valuation Date are subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. For a description of what constitutes a market disruption event as well as the consequences of that market disruption event  see “General Terms of the Notes—Market Disruption Events” in the product prospectus supplement.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexINFORMATION REGARDING THE REFERENCE ASSETAll disclosures contained in this document regarding the Reference Asset  including  without limitation  its make-up  method of calculation  and changes in its components  have been derived from publicly available sources. The information reflects the policies of  and is subject to change by  MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”). MSCI  which owns the copyright and all other rights to the Reference Asset  has no obligation to continue to publish  and may discontinue publication of  the Reference Asset. The consequences of MSCI discontinuing publication of the Reference Asset are discussed in the section of the product prospectus supplement entitled “General Terms of the Notes— Unavailability of the Level of the Reference Asset.” Neither we nor RBCCM accepts any responsibility for the calculation  maintenance or publication of the Reference Asset or any successor index.The MSCI EAFE® IndexThe Reference Asset is intended to measure equity market performance in developed market countries  excluding the United States and Canada. The Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization equity index with a base date of December 31  1969 and an initial value of 100. The Index is calculated daily in U.S. dollars and published in real time every 60 seconds during market trading hours. The Index currently consists of companies from the following developed countries: Australia  Austria  Belgium  Denmark  Finland  France  Germany  Hong Kong  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Japan  the Netherlands  New Zealand  Norway  Portugal  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland and the U.K.Constructing the MSCI Global Investable Market Indices. MSCI undertakes an index construction process  which involves:◾ defining the equity universe;◾ determining the market investable equity universe for each market;◾ determining market capitalization size segments for each market;◾ applying index continuity rules for the MSCI Standard Index;◾ creating style segments within each size segment within each market; and◾ classifying securities under the Global Industry Classification Standard (the “GICS”).Defining the Equity Universe . The equity universe is defined by:◾ Identifying Eligible Equity Securities: the equity universe initially looks at securities listed in any of the countries in the MSCI Global Index Series  which will be classified as either Developed Markets (“DM”) or Emerging Markets (“EM”). All listed equity securities  including Real Estate Investment Trusts and certain income trusts in Canada  are eligible for inclusion in the equity universe. Conversely  mutual funds  ETFs  equity derivatives  and most investment trusts  are not eligible for inclusion  are eligible for inclusion in the equity universe. Conversely  mutual funds  ETFs  equity derivatives  and most investment trusts  are not.◾ Classifying Eligible Securities into the Appropriate Country: each company and its securities (i.e.  share classes) are classified in only one country.◾ Effective with the November 2015 semi-annual index review  companies traded outside of their country of classification (i.e.  “foreign listed companies”) will become eligible for inclusion in the MSCI Country Investable Market Indexes along with the applicable MSCI Global Index. In order for a MSCI Country Investable Market Index to be eligible to include foreign listed companies  it must meet the Foreign Listing Materiality Requirement. To meet the Foreign Listing Materiality Requirement  the aggregate market capitalization of all securities represented by foreign listings should represent at least (i) 5% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization of the relevant MSCI Country Investable Market Index and (ii) 0.05% of the free-float adjusted market capitalization of the MSCI ACWI Investable Market Index.Determining the Market Investable Equity Universes . A market investable equity universe for a market is derived by identifying eligible listings for each security in the equity universe  and by applying investability screens to individual companies and securities in the equity universe that are classified in that market. A market is equivalent to a single country  except in DM Europe  where all DM countries in Europe are aggregated into a single market for index construction purposes. Subsequently  individual DM Europe country indices within the MSCI Europe Index are derived from the constituents of the MSCI Europe Index under the global investable market indices methodology.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexA security may be listed in the country where it is classified (i.e. local listing) and/or in a different country (i.e. “foreign listing”). Securities may be represented by either a local or foreign listing. A security may be represented by a foreign listing only if:• The security is classified in a country that meets the Foreign Listing Materiality Requirement  and• The security’s foreign listing is traded on an eligible stock exchange of: a DM country if the security is classified in a DM country  a DM or an EM country if the security is classified in an EM country  or a DM or an EM or a FM country if the security is classified in a FM country. Securities in that country may not be represented by a foreign listing in the global investable equity universe if a country does not meet the requirement.The investability screens used to determine the investable equity universe in each market are as follows:• Equity Universe Minimum Size Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the company level. In order to be included in a market investable equity universe  a company must have the required minimum full market capitalization. The size requirement also applies to companies in all developed and emerging markets.• Equity Universe Minimum Free Float-Adjusted Market Capitalization Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. To be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  a security must have a free float-adjusted market capitalization equal to or higher than 50% of the equity universe minimum size requirement.• DM and EM Minimum Liquidity Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. To be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  a security must have adequate liquidity. The twelve-month and three-month Annual Traded Value Ratio (“ATVR”)  a measure that screens out extreme daily trading volumes and takes into account the free float-adjusted market capitalization size of securities  together with the three-month frequency of trading are used to measure liquidity. A minimum liquidity level of 20% of three- and twelve-month ATVR and 90% of three-month frequency of trading over the last four consecutive quarters are required for inclusion of a security in a market investable equity universe of a DM  and a minimum liquidity level of 15% of three- and twelve-month ATVR and 80% of three-month frequency of trading over the last four consecutive quarters are required for inclusion of a security in a market investable equity universe of an EM.• Global Minimum Foreign Inclusion Factor Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. To be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  a security’s Foreign Inclusion Factor (“FIF”) must reach a certain threshold. The FIF of a security is defined as the proportion of shares outstanding that is available for purchase in the public equity markets by international investors. This proportion accounts for the available free float of and/or the foreign ownership limits applicable to a specific security (or company). In general  a security must have an FIF equal to or larger than 0.15 to be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe.• Minimum Length of Trading Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. For an initial public offering (“IPO”) to be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  the new issue must have started trading at least three months before the implementation of a semi-annual index review (as described below). This requirement is applicable to small new issues in all markets. Large IPOs are not subject to the minimum length of trading requirement and may be included in a market investable equity universe and the Standard Index outside of a Quarterly or Semi-Annual Index Review.• Minimum Foreign Room Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. For a security that is subject to a foreign ownership limit to be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  the proportion of shares still available to foreign investors relative to the maximum allowed (referred to as “foreign room”) must be at least 15%.Defining Market Capitalization Size Segments for Each Market. Once a market investable equity universe is defined  it is segmented into the following size-based indices:• Investable Market Index (Large + Mid + Small);• Standard Index (Large + Mid);• Large Cap Index;• Mid Cap Index; or• Small Cap Index.Creating the size segment indices in each market involves the following steps:Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® Index• defining the market coverage target range for each size segment;• determining the global minimum size range for each size segment;• determining the market size-segment cutoffs and associated segment number of companies;• assigning companies to the size segments; and• applying final size-segment investability requirements.Index Continuity Rules for the Standard Indices . In order to achieve index continuity  as well as to provide some basic level of diversification within a market index  and notwithstanding the effect of other index construction rules described in this section  a minimum number of five constituents will be maintained for a DM Standard Index and a minimum number of three constituents will be maintained for an EM Standard Index.Creating Style Indices within Each Size Segment. All securities in the investable equity universe are classified into value or growth segments using the MSCI Global Value and Growth methodology. Classifying Securities under the Global Industry Classification Standard. All securities in the global investable equity universe are assigned to the industry that best describes their business activities. To this end  MSCI has designed  in conjunction with S&P Dow Jones Indexes  the GICS. Under the GICS  each company is assigned to one sub−industry according to its principal business activity. Therefore  a company can belong to only one industry grouping at each of the four levels of the GICS.Calculation Methodology for the IndexThe performance of the Index is a free float weighted average of the U.S. dollar values of its component securities.Prices used to calculate the component securities are the official exchange closing prices or prices accepted as such in the relevant market. In the case of a market closure  or if a security does not trade on a specific day or during a specific period  MSCI carries forward the previous day’s price (or latest available closing price). In the event of a market outage resulting in any component security price to be unavailable  MSCI will generally use the last reported price for such component security for the purpose of performance calculation unless MSCI determines that another price is more appropriate based on the circumstances. Closing prices are converted into U.S. dollars  as applicable  using the closing exchange rates calculated by WM/Reuters at 4:00 P.M. London Time.Index MaintenanceThe MSCI global investable market indices are maintained with the objective of reflecting the evolution of the underlying equity markets and segments on a timely basis  while seeking to achieve index continuity  continuous investability of constituents and replicability of the indices  index stability  and low index turnover. In particular  index maintenance involves:(i) Semi-Annual Index Reviews (“SAIRs”) in May and November of the Size Segment and Global Value and Growth Indices which include:◾ updating the indices on the basis of a fully refreshed equity universe;◾ taking buffer rules into consideration for migration of securities across size and style segments; and◾ updating FIFs and Number of Shares (“NOS”).(ii) Quarterly Index Reviews (“QIRs”) in February and August of the Size Segment Indices aimed at:◾ including significant new eligible securities (such as IPOs that were not eligible for earlier inclusion) in the Index;◾ allowing for significant moves of companies within the Size Segment Indices  using wider buffers than in the SAIR; and◾ reflecting the impact of significant market events on FIFs and updating NOS.(iii) Ongoing Event-Related Changes: changes of this type are generally implemented in the indices as they occur. Significantly large IPOs are included in the indices after the close of the company’s tenth day of trading.None of us  RBCCM or any of our other affiliates accepts any responsibility for the calculation  maintenance  or publication of  or for any error  omission  or disruption in  the Reference Asset or any successor to the Reference Asset.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexLicense AgreementWe have entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with MSCI providing for the license to us and certain of our affiliated or subsidiary companies  in exchange for a fee  of the right to use indices owned and published by MSCI (including the Reference Asset) in connection with certain securities  including the Notes offered hereby.The license agreement between us and MSCI requires that the following language be stated in this document:THE NOTES ARE NOT SPONSORED  ENDORSED  SOLD OR PROMOTED BY MSCI INC. (“MSCI”)  ANY AFFILIATE OF MSCI OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES ARE SERVICE MARK(S) OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES AND HAVE BEEN LICENSED FOR USE FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES BY ROYAL BANK OF CANADA AND ITS AFFILIATES. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED  TO THE OWNERS OF THE NOTES OR ANY MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN FINANCIAL SECURITIES GENERALLY OR IN THE NOTES PARTICULARLY OR THE ABILITY OF ANY MSCI INDEX TO TRACK CORRESPONDING STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE. MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES ARE THE LICENSORS OF CERTAIN TRADEMARKS  SERVICE MARKS AND TRADE NAMES AND OF THE MSCI INDEXES WHICH ARE DETERMINED  COMPOSED AND CALCULATED BY MSCI WITHOUT REGARD TO THE NOTES OR THE ISSUER OR OWNER OF THE NOTES. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF THE ISSUERS OR OWNERS OF THE NOTES INTO CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING  COMPOSING OR CALCULATING THE MSCI INDEXES. NEITHER MSCI  ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OR HAS PARTICIPATED IN THE DETERMINATION OF THE TIMING OF  PRICES AT  OR QUANTITIES OF THE NOTES TO BE ISSUED OR IN THE DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION OF THE EQUATION BY WHICH THE NOTES ARE REDEEMABLE FOR CASH. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  THE MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY TO THE OWNERS OF THE NOTES IN CONNECTION WITH THE ADMINISTRATION  MARKETING OR OFFERING OF THE NOTES.ALTHOUGH MSCI SHALL OBTAIN INFORMATION FOR INCLUSION IN OR FOR USE IN THE CALCULATION OF THE MSCI INDEXES FROM SOURCES WHICH MSCI CONSIDERS RELIABLE  NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ORIGINALITY  ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES ANY WARRANTY  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED  AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY LICENSEE  LICENSEE’S CUSTOMERS OR COUNTERPARTIES  ISSUERS OF THE NOTES  OWNERS OF THE NOTES  OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY  FROM THE USE OF ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN IN CONNECTION WITH THE RIGHTS LICENSED HEREUNDER OR FOR ANY OTHER USE. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS  OMISSIONS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. FURTHER  NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND  AND MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES AND ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  WITH RESPECT TO ANY MSCI INDEX AND ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING  IN NO EVENT SHALL MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT  INDIRECT  SPECIAL  PUNITIVE  CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.No purchaser  seller or holder of the Notes  or any other person or entity  should use or refer to any MSCI trade name  trade mark or service mark rights to sponsor  endorse  market or promote the Notes without first contacting MSCI toGeared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® Indexdetermine whether MSCI’s permission is required. Under no circumstances may any person or entity claim affiliation with MSCI without the prior written permission of MSCI.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexHistorical InformationThe graph below sets forth the information relating to the historical performance of the Reference Asset for the period from January 1  2012 through March 30  2022. We obtained the information in the graph from Bloomberg Financial Markets.We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the information obtained from Bloomberg Financial Markets. The historical performance of the Reference Asset should not be taken as an indication of its future performance  and no assurance can be given as to the Final Level of the Reference Asset. We cannot give you assurance that the performance of the Reference Asset will result in any positive return on your initial investment.MSCI EAFE® Index (“EAFE”)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.8,True,English,"['Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK', 'CANADA', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes', 'U.S. government agency', 'Per Note Total Price', 'U.S. Dollars', '150% leveraged positive return', 'MSCI EAFE® Index', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'initial estimated value', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Product Prospectus Supplement', 'Maximum Redemption Amount', 'state securities commission', 'maximum return', 'actual value', 'credit risk', 'Pricing Supplement', 'many factors', 'Initial Level', 'Royal Bank', 'Reference Asset', 'principal amount', 'Issue Date', 'other Canadian', 'common shares', 'Exchange Commission', 'criminal offense', 'Underwriting discounts', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Trade Date', 'MXEA"") Currency', 'Minimum Investment', 'minimum denominations', 'Pricing Date', 'Valuation Date', 'other disruptions', 'Leverage Factor', 'Downside Multiplier', 'following formula', 'Percentage Change', 'Buffer Percentage', 'Final Level', 'closing level', 'securities exchange', 'The Notes', 'CUSIP number', 'Summary” section', 'detailed information', 'cash payment', 'Maturity Date', 'page PS', 'Rule 424', 'EI', 'February', 'performance', 'ISIN', 'interest', 'investors', '1% decrease', 'payments', 'April', 'risks', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'subsection', 'representation', 'contrary', 'public', 'commissions', 'Proceeds', 'RBCCM', 'agent', 'connection', 'sale', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'time', 'accuracy', 'determination', 'Issuer', 'Underwriter', 'LLC', 'excess', 'March', 'January', 'extension', 'lesser', 'case', 'portion']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,streetinsider.com
2151,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Thompson says FHFA is preparing GSEs for end of conservatorship #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/KtDbhUgXjw #regtech,nan,Thompson says FHFA is preparing GSEs for end of conservatorship #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/KtDbhUgXjw #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Thompson', 'FHFA', 'GSEs', 'end', 'conservatorship', 'Fintech', 'KtDbhUgXjw', 'regtech', 'Thompson', 'FHFA', 'GSEs', 'end', 'conservatorship', 'Fintech', 'KtDbhUgXjw', 'regtech']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,Unknown
2152,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/92123/six-takes-full-ownership-of-regis-tr,SIX takes full ownership of REGIS-TR,1 day ago,"Source: SIXSIX has successfully completed the acquisition of Clearstream’s 50% stake in REGIS-TR  which has now become a 100% owned SIX company.REGIS-TR  consisting of REGIS-TR S.A. and REGIS-TR UK Ltd  has a portfolio of over 2 000 European clients across over 40 countries. REGIS-TR is a European trade repository for reporting trades and transactions across multiple product classes and jurisdictions  open to financial and non-financial institutions. The joint venture between BME’s Iberclear and Deutsche Börse’s Clearstream was founded in 2010 and has successfully grown into a leading European trade repository with more than 700 million trade messages processed monthly. As a response to Brexit  REGIS-TR UK was incorporated in 2019  so that REGIS-TR could maintain a continuous reporting service for the UK client base.REGIS-TR is an important complimentary business to SIX’s existing services with significant potential for further growth. The full consolidation of the business represents an opportunity for SIX to further integrate and deliver a suite of leading streamlined services to customers across Europe.Javier Hernani  Head Securities Services & member of Executive Board at SIX  highlighted: ""Now that the acquisition is successfully completed  we are very happy to fully integrate the REGIS-TR business  which has already been an integral part of BME’s business portfolio. We look forward to taking the business into its next phase of development within SIX. We are delighted to welcome the entire REGIS-TR team with their talent and expertise to SIX.""Thomas Steimann  CEO of REGIS-TR said: “With the acquisition REGIS-TR now closed  we will continue to leverage on the strong operational connections with SIX  we will take advantage of a very experienced and seasoned management team with a deep knowledge of the Trade Repository environment and continue with our dedication to service excellence for our customers.”",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,positive,0.66,0.32,0.02,True,English,"['full ownership', 'SIX', 'REGIS-TR', 'leading European trade repository', 'Trade Repository environment', '700 million trade messages', 'leading streamlined services', 'multiple product classes', 'Deutsche Börse', 'strong operational connections', 'seasoned management team', 'UK client base', 'Head Securities Services', 'important complimentary business', 'REGIS-TR S.A.', 'entire REGIS-TR team', 'REGIS-TR UK Ltd', 'continuous reporting service', '2,000 European clients', 'existing services', 'non-financial institutions', 'joint venture', 'significant potential', 'full consolidation', 'Javier Hernani', 'Executive Board', 'integral part', 'next phase', 'Thomas Steimann', 'deep knowledge', 'REGIS-TR business', 'business portfolio', 'SIX company', 'Source', 'acquisition', 'Clearstream', '50% stake', '40 countries', 'trades', 'transactions', 'jurisdictions', 'BME', 'Iberclear', 'response', 'Brexit', 'growth', 'opportunity', 'suite', 'customers', 'member', 'development', 'talent', 'expertise', 'CEO', 'advantage', 'experienced', 'dedication', 'excellence']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finextra.com
2153,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.thevalleypost.com/russia-avoids-default-again-as-447-million-in-bond-payments-continues/,Russia avoids default again as $447 million in bond payments continues,1 day ago,Russia avoided default as one of its dollar-denominated bond payments continued on Thursday.A source told Insider that the payments were processed by JPMorgan  the Russian foreign correspondent.Last week  Clearstream blocked Russia from the National Settlement Depository  which receives foreign bond payments.loading Something is loading.Russia again avoided default on Thursday after nearly $447 million of dollar-denominated debt was paid off.JPMorgan  a foreign correspondent bank to Russia  processed the payment after verification by US authorities  a person familiar with the matter told Insider. JPMorgan declined to comment.Bondholders can now expect to receive $87.5 million in coupons and $359 million in principal payments.However  Western sanctions imposed on Russia in the wake of its invasion of Ukraine mean money is slowly flowing through the system  as banks seek US Treasury approval to process the money.Russia has so far continued to make payments on its foreign-currency bonds  although major rating agencies said in early March that the debt default was very likely.The last time the country defaulted in full on its foreign bonds was in 1918  when communist revolutionaries refused to pay the Tsar’s debts.The payment comes even though the government’s ability to repay its foreign debt was called into question last week when Clearstream  an international payments settlement company  blocked Russia’s national settlement deposit account.More questions were raised when Russia offered to buy back $2 billion in bonds  due on April 4  in rubles.However  the Ministry of Finance clarified later They offered to pay in rubles to ensure that the money reaches domestic bondholders. Bloomberg reported that foreign carriers He will get dollars.Russia’s commitment to its foreign payments has surprised some analysts. The country has already been pushed out of the global capital markets  the traditional punishment for governments that default on their debts.“It has been quite clear that the government does not want to default at the moment ” Althea Spinozzi  chief fixed income analyst at Saxo Bank  told Insider.“Russia wants to maintain capacity  it wants to continue to maintain a good credit profile because once it has access to international markets again  it really wants to have a good relationship with investors ” she said.Investors will closely watch the upcoming $2 billion bond batch on April 4. $1.9 billion in payments before the end of the year.The Russian Central Bank has Scrambled to keep the economy afloat Since the war in Ukraine began. It doubled interest rates in February and reduced foreigners moving money  among other moves.Read more: Founder of commodity ETF provider managing over $1.5 billion shares his forecast for eight assets that have experienced major supply chain disruptions and skyrocketing prices during the Ukraine crisis,negative,0.03,0.34,0.63,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['bond payments', 'Russia', 'default', 'chief fixed income analyst', 'major supply chain disruptions', 'national settlement deposit account', 'The Russian Central Bank', 'upcoming $2 billion bond batch', 'international payments settlement company', 'National Settlement Depository', 'major rating agencies', 'commodity ETF provider', 'Russian foreign correspondent', 'US Treasury approval', 'global capital markets', 'good credit profile', 'foreign correspondent bank', 'dollar-denominated bond payments', 'foreign bond payments', 'international markets', 'Saxo Bank', '$1.5 billion shares', 'foreign payments', 'dollar-denominated debt', 'US authorities', 'good relationship', 'foreign debt', 'foreign carriers', 'principal payments', 'foreign bonds', 'Western sanctions', 'early March', 'communist revolutionaries', 'More questions', 'traditional punishment', 'Althea Spinozzi', 'interest rates', 'other moves', 'eight assets', 'skyrocketing prices', 'foreign-currency bonds', 'domestic bondholders', 'debt default', 'Ukraine crisis', 'mean money', 'Thursday', 'source', 'Insider', 'JPMorgan', 'Clearstream', 'Something', 'verification', 'person', 'matter', 'coupons', 'wake', 'invasion', 'system', 'banks', 'country', 'Tsar', 'debts', 'government', 'ability', 'April', 'rubles', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'Bloomberg', 'dollars', 'commitment', 'analysts', 'moment', 'capacity', 'access', 'investors', 'end', 'year', 'economy', 'war', 'February', 'foreigners', 'Founder', 'forecast']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,thevalleypost.com
2154,Clearstream,Google API,https://money.yahoo.com/russia-avoids-default-once-again-180147322.html,Russia avoids default once again as $447 million dollar bond payment goes through even after clearinghouse blocks account,1 day ago,"Russia has so far honored its foreign debts. ALEXANDER NEMENOV/Getty ImagesRussia avoided a default as one of its dollar-denominated bond payments went through on Thursday.JPMorgan  Russia's foreign correspondent bank  processed the payments  a source told Insider.Last week  Clearstream blocked Russia from the National Settlement Depository  which receives foreign bond payments.Russia again avoided a bond default Thursday after roughly $447 million in payments for dollar-denominated debt went through.JPMorgan  which is Russia's foreign correspondent bank  processed the payment after checking with the US authorities  a person familiar with the matter told Insider. JPMorgan declined to comment.Bondholders can now expect to receive $87.5 million in coupons and $359 million in principal payments.However  Western sanctions slapped on Russia following its invasion of Ukraine have meant money is only slowly trickling through the system  as banks seek approval from the US Treasury to process funds.Russia has so far kept up payments on its foreign currency denominated bonds  despite major ratings agencies saying in early March that a debt default was highly likely.The country last defaulted fully on its foreign bonds in 1918  when communist revolutionaries refused to honor the Tsar's debts.The payment comes even though the government's ability to pay its foreign debts was thrown into doubt last week when Clearstream  a company that settles international payments  blocked Russia's National Settlement Depository account.Further questions were asked when Russia offered to buy back a $2 billion bond  which matures April 4  in rubles.However  the Finance Ministry later clarified that it had offered to pay in rubles to ensure that the money reaches domestic bondholders. Bloomberg reported that foreign holders would receive dollars.Russia's commitment to making its foreign payments has surprised some analysts. The country has already been frozen out of global capital markets  which is the traditional punishment meted out to governments who default on their debts.Story continues""It has been quite clear that the government doesn't want to default at the moment "" Althea Spinozzi  senior fixed income strategist at Saxo Bank  told Insider.""Russia wants to keep the capability  wants to continue to keep a good credit profile because once it can access international markets again it wants physically to have a good relationship with investors "" she said.Investors will be keeping a close eye on the upcoming $2 billion bond maturity payment on April 4. The government must then make a further $1.9 billion worth of payments before the end of the year.Russia's central bank has scrambled to keep the economy afloat since the war in Ukraine began. It doubled interest rates in February and limited foreigners from moving money  among other moves.Read more: The founder of a commodities ETF provider managing over $1.5 billion shares his outlook for 8 assets that have experienced major supply chain disruption and elevated prices during the Ukraine crisisRead the original article on Business Insider",negative,0.02,0.18,0.8,mixed,0.1,0.16,0.73,True,English,"['$447 million dollar bond payment', 'clearinghouse blocks account', 'Russia', 'default', 'upcoming $2 billion bond maturity payment', 'senior fixed income strategist', 'major supply chain disruption', 'National Settlement Depository account', 'foreign currency denominated bonds', 'major ratings agencies', 'ALEXANDER NEMENOV/Getty Images', 'commodities ETF provider', 'global capital markets', 'good credit profile', 'foreign correspondent bank', 'foreign bond payments', 'dollar-denominated bond payments', 'foreign bonds', '$1.9 billion worth', '$1.5 billion shares', 'bond default', 'foreign holders', 'dollar-denominated debt', 'Saxo Bank', 'international markets', 'good relationship', 'central bank', 'foreign payments', 'foreign debts', 'US authorities', 'Western sanctions', 'US Treasury', 'early March', 'communist revolutionaries', 'Further questions', 'Finance Ministry', 'traditional punishment', 'Althea Spinozzi', 'close eye', 'interest rates', 'other moves', 'elevated prices', 'original article', 'principal payments', 'international payments', 'debt default', 'domestic bondholders', 'Ukraine crisis', 'Business Insider', 'Russia', 'Thursday', 'JPMorgan', 'source', 'Clearstream', 'person', 'matter', 'coupons', 'invasion', 'money', 'system', 'banks', 'approval', 'funds', 'country', 'Tsar', 'government', 'ability', 'doubt', 'company', 'rubles', 'Bloomberg', 'dollars', 'commitment', 'analysts', 'Story', 'moment', 'investors', 'April', 'end', 'year', 'economy', 'war', 'February', 'foreigners', 'founder', 'outlook', '8 assets']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,money.yahoo.com
2155,Clearstream,Google API,https://tdpelmedia.com/rouble-firms-for-ninth-session-in-moscow-stocks-jump-eyeing-gas-saga,Rouble firms for ninth session in Moscow  stocks jump eyeing gas saga,1 day ago,The Russian rouble strengthened for a ninth straight session in Moscow  ending near 83 per dollar on Thursday  and stocks jumped higher as some curbs on short selling were lifted  with the market focused on the effects of Moscow’s demand that its gas exports be paid for in roubles.The rouble ended 1.6% stronger against the dollar at 83.20  its strongest close since February 25  and gained 1.8% to close at 92.50 versus the euro.The currency lost nearly 40% of its value from the 2021 close as global curbs and sanctions kicked in in retaliation of Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine late last month.Dynamics driving the rouble are to some extent artificial.The currency  which had been free-floating until late February  is now steered by capital controls  a ban on buying cash dollars and euros and other administrative measures.In Moscow trading  the rouble has risen in 15 of the last 16 sessions.The Russian currency is extending gains made last week after President Vladimir Putin demanded that natural gas exported to Europe be paid for in roubles  a move that has galvanised European countries into action.Putin is demanding foreign buyers pay for Russian gas in roubles from Friday or else have their supplies cut.“There’s not much chance of Europe directly paying in roubles ” said Christian Lawrence  senior market strategist at Rabobank.“Putin has been quite clear that he needs roubles for that gas. So  if it does happen  I think he goes via a third party. But we will have to wait and see how it pans out.”On Wednesday  two sources told Reuters that Russia planned to keep the contract currency for gas exports to Europe unchanged but would seek final payment in roubles as one of the options to switch the currency of gas trade  moves that may ease some traders’ concerns.Russia’s Gazprombank said on Thursday it would provide conditions to allow convenient payments for Russian gas in roubles  Tass news agency said.On the interbank market  rouble bids reached as strong as 75 against the dollar in the previous session and were hovering around 79 on Thursday.The rouble was at 81 to the dollar on the EBS electronic platform  below levels last seen prior to the invasion.STOCKS SURGE HIGHERRussian stock indexes were higher. The central bank from Thursday lifted a ban on some short selling  but limited it to shares in 83 enterprises and only to banks and brokers.On Thursday  the bank told Reuters a ban on the buying and selling of any securities between Russians and foreigners of”unfriendly” countries  imposed on March 1  was indefinite.Moscow Exchange said trading in foreign securities would be relaunched once transfers between Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD) and international clearing houses Euroclear and Clearstream  which are currently blocked  had been resolved.“Foreign securities purchased by investors on the exchange are in safekeeping in the Russian jurisdiction ” Moscow Exchange said.The dollar-denominated RTS index was up 7.6% at 1 021.28 points  its highest close since February 23  the day before Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine.The rouble-based MOEX Russian index rose 7.6% to 2 703.51 points. Shares of energy giant Gazprom leapt 12.3%.Shares in sanctioned lender VTB were 15.4% higher. SPB Exchange  Russia’s second-largest bourse  said it planned to resume trading in several securities of Russian companies with foreign primary listings  but not earlier than April 7.Russia has spent 50.2 billion roubles ($613 million) in coupons on seven OFZ treasury bond issues  data on its website showed.Yields on Russia’s benchmark 10-year OFZ treasury bonds  which move inversely to prices  fell to 11.1%  their lowest since February 2.See Something Say Something  Share The News WhatsAppFacebookTwitterLinkedInRedditTelegramPinterestEmailSkypePrintTumblrPocket,neutral,0.04,0.78,0.17,negative,0.02,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Rouble firms', 'ninth session', 'gas saga', 'Moscow', 'stocks', 'seven OFZ treasury bond issues', 'benchmark 10-year OFZ treasury bonds', 'rouble-based MOEX Russian index', 'dollar-denominated RTS index', 'other administrative measures', 'Tass news agency', 'EBS electronic platform', 'National Settlement Depository', 'international clearing houses', 'energy giant Gazprom', 'The News WhatsApp', 'ninth straight session', 'Russian stock indexes', 'foreign primary listings', 'senior market strategist', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'previous session', 'Russian jurisdiction', 'Russian companies', 'foreign buyers', 'Russian gas', 'capital controls', 'cash dollars', 'last 16 sessions', 'European countries', 'Christian Lawrence', 'third party', 'two sources', 'final payment', 'traders’ concerns', 'convenient payments', 'interbank market', 'unfriendly” countries', 'foreign securities', 'lender VTB', 'largest bourse', 'Skype Print', 'Tumblr Pocket', 'gas exports', 'natural gas', 'gas trade', 'Russian currency', 'SPB Exchange', 'several securities', 'Russian rouble', 'short selling', 'global curbs', 'STOCKS SURGE', 'central bank', 'contract currency', 'rouble bids', 'late February', 'Moscow Exchange', '50.2 billion roubles', 'Moscow trading', 'Thursday', 'effects', 'demand', 'value', 'sanctions', 'retaliation', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Dynamics', 'extent', 'euros', 'gains', 'move', 'action', 'Friday', 'supplies', 'chance', 'Rabobank', 'Wednesday', 'Reuters', 'options', 'Gazprombank', 'conditions', 'levels', 'HIGHER', 'shares', '83 enterprises', 'banks', 'brokers', 'buying', 'Russians', 'foreigners', 'March', 'transfers', 'NSD', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'investors', 'safekeeping', '1,021.28 points', 'tens', 'thousands', 'troops', '2,703.51 points', 'April', 'coupons', 'data', 'website', 'Yields', 'prices', 'Something', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Reddit', 'Telegram', 'Pinterest', 'Email']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,tdpelmedia.com
2156,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19864351.html,Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,23 hours ago,"Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) Registration Statement No. 333-259205Pricing Supplement Dated March 30  2022 To the Product Prospectus Supplement ERN-EI-1  Prospectus Supplement  and Prospectus Each Dated September 14  2021$3 000 000Geared Buffered Enhanced Return NotesLinked to the MSCI EAFE® Index   DueFebruary 2  2024Royal Bank of CanadaRoyal Bank of Canada is offering the Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the performance of the MSCI EAFE® Index (the “Reference Asset”).The CUSIP number for the Notes is 78016FH80 and the ISIN is US78016FH809. The Notes do not pay interest. The Notes provide a 150% leveraged positive return if the level of the Reference Asset increases from the Initial Level to the Final Level  up to a maximum return of $1 232.50 per $1 000 in principal amount. If the Final Level is less than the Initial Level  but not by more than 20.00%  investors will receive their principal amount at maturity. However  investors will lose 1.25% of the principal amount of the Notes for each 1% decrease from the Initial Level to the Final Level of more than 20.00%. Accordingly  investors may lose all or substantially all of their principal amount. Any payments on the Notes are subject to our credit risk.Issue Date: April 4  2022Maturity Date: February 2  2024The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page P-6 of this pricing supplement  “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” beginning on page PS-4 of the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  and “Risk Factors” on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes will not constitute deposits insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Canadian or U.S. government agency or instrumentality.The Notes are not subject to conversion into our common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined that this pricing supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Per Note Total Price to public 100.00% $3 000 000 Underwriting discounts and commissions 0.00% $0.00 Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada 100.00% $3 000 000RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”)  acting as our agent  will not receive a commission in connection with the sale of the Notes. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” below.The initial estimated value of the Notes as of the Trade Date is $1 004.30 per $1 000 in principal amount. The actual value of the Notes at any time will reflect many factors  cannot be predicted with accuracy  and may be less than this amount. We describe our determination of the initial estimated value in more detail below.RBC Capital Markets  LLCGeared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexSUMMARYThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement  and the prospectus.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (“Royal Bank”) Underwriter: RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”) Reference Asset: MSCI EAFE® Index (""MXEA"") Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof Trade Date (Pricing Date): March 30  2022 Issue Date: April 4  2022 Valuation Date: January 30  2024 Maturity Date: February 2  2024  subject to extension for market and other disruptions  as described in the product prospectus supplement. Payment at Maturity (if held to maturity): If the Percentage Change is positive   then the investor will receive an amount per $1 000 principal amount per Note equal to the lesser of : 1. Principal Amount + (Principal Amount x Percentage Change x Leverage Factor); and 2. Maximum Redemption Amount If the Percentage Change is less than or equal to 0%  but not by more than the Buffer Percentage (that is  the Percentage Change is between 0% and -20.00%)  then the investor will receive the principal amount only. If the Percentage Change is negative  by more than the Buffer Percentage (that is  the Percentage Change is between -20.01% and -100%)  then the investor will receive a cash payment equal to: Principal Amount + [Principal Amount x (Percentage Change + Buffer Percentage) x Downside Multiplier] In this case  you will lose all or a portion of the principal amount of the Notes. Percentage Change: The Percentage Change  expressed as a percentage  is calculated using the following formula:Initial Level: 2 204.09  which was the closing level of the Reference Asset on the Trade Date. Final Level: The closing level of the Reference Asset on the Valuation Date. Leverage Factor: 150% (subject to the Maximum Redemption Amount) Maximum Redemption Amount: $1 232.50 per $1 000 in principal amount. Buffer Percentage: 20.00% Buffer Level: 1 763.27  which is 80.00% of the Initial Level (rounded to two decimal places). Downside Multiplier: 100/80.00  which is 1.25Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexPrincipal at Risk: The Notes are NOT principal protected. You may lose all or a substantial portion of your principal amount at maturity if the Final Level is less than the Buffer Level. Calculation Agent: RBCCM U.S. Tax Treatment: By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as a pre-paid cash-settled derivative contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the Internal Revenue Service could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence. Please see the section below  “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” and the discussion (including the opinion of Ashurst LLP  our special U.S. tax counsel) in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” which apply to the Notes. Secondary Market: RBCCM (or one of its affiliates)  though not obligated to do so  may maintain a secondary market in the Notes after the issue date. The amount that you may receive upon sale of your Notes prior to maturity may be less than the principal amount of your Notes. Listing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Clearance and Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg as described under “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus). Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Secondary Market” on pages P-2 and P-3 of this pricing supplement and the terms appearing under the captions “General Terms of the Notes” and “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” in the product prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexADDITIONAL TERMS OF YOUR NOTESYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus dated September 14  2021  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  relating to our Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the product prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the product prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors before you invest in the Notes. You may access these documents on the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):Prospectus dated September 14  2021:Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Product Prospectus Supplement ERN-EI-1 dated September 14  2021:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 1000275. As used in this pricing supplement  “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to Royal Bank of Canada.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexHYPOTHETICAL RETURNSThe examples set out below are included for illustration purposes only. The hypothetical Percentage Changes of the Reference Asset used to illustrate the calculation of the Payment at Maturity (rounded to two decimal places) are not estimates or forecasts of the Final Level or the level of the Reference Asset on any trading day prior to the Maturity Date. All examples are based on a Buffer Percentage of 20.00% (the Buffer Level is 80.00% of the Initial Level)  the Leverage Factor of 150%  the Maximum Redemption Amount of $1 232.50  and the Downside Multiplier of 1.25  and that a holder purchased Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1 000 and that no market disruption event occurs on the Valuation Date.Example 1 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive.Percentage Change: 5% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (5% x 150%)] = $1 000 + $75 = $1 075 On a $1 000 investment  a 5% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 075  a 7.50% return on the Notes.Example 2 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive (and the Payment at Maturity is subject to the Maximum Redemption Amount).Percentage Change: 30%Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (30% x 150%)] = $1 000 + $450 = $1 450 However  the Maximum Redemption Amount is $1 232.50. On a $1 000 investment  a 30% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 232.50  a 23.25% return on the Notes.Example 3 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (but not by more than the Buffer Percentage). Percentage Change: -8% Payment at Maturity: At maturity  if the Percentage Change is negative BUT not by more than the Buffer Percentage  then the Payment at Maturity will equal the principal amount. On a $1 000 investment  a -8% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 000  a 0% return on the Notes.Example 4 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (by more than the Buffer Percentage). Percentage Change: -35% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (-35% + 20.00%) x 1.25] = $1 000 - $187.50 = $812.50 On a $1 000 investment  a -35% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $812.50  a -18.75% return on the Notes.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexSELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Investing in the Notes is not equivalent to investing directly in the Reference Asset. These risks are explained in more detail in the section “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement. In addition to the risks described in the prospectus supplement and the product prospectus supplement  you should consider the following:Risks Relating to the Terms of the Notes• You May Not Receive the Full Principal Amount at Maturity — Investors in the Notes could lose all or a substantial portion of their principal amount if there is a decline in the level of the Reference Asset. You will lose 1.25% of the principal amount of the Notes for each 1% that the Final Level is less than the Buffer Level.• The Notes Do Not Pay Interest and Your Return May Be Lower than the Return on a Conventional Debt Security of Comparable Maturity — There will be no periodic interest payments on the Notes as there would be on a conventional fixed-rate or floating-rate debt security having the same maturity. The return that you will receive on the Notes  which could be negative  may be less than the return you could earn on other investments. Even if your return is positive  your return may be less than the return you would earn if you purchased one of our conventional senior interest bearing debt securities.• Your Potential Payment at Maturity Is Limited — The Notes will provide less opportunity to participate in the appreciation of the Reference Asset than an investment in a security linked to the Reference Asset providing full participation in the appreciation  because the payment at maturity will not exceed the Maximum Redemption Amount. Accordingly  your return on the Notes may be less than your return would be if you made an investment in a security directly linked to the positive performance of the Reference Asset.• Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Changes in Our Credit Ratings Are Expected to Affect the Market Value of the Notes — The Notes are our senior unsecured debt securities. As a result  your receipt of the amount due on the maturity date is dependent upon our ability to repay our obligations at that time. This will be the case even if the level of the Reference Asset increases after the Trade Date. No assurance can be given as to what our financial condition will be at the maturity of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Secondary Market for the Notes• There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes—Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses — There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. RBCCM and our other affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. RBCCM or any of our other affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and asked prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.Risks Relating to the Initial Estimated Value of the Notes• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes on the Cover Page of this Pricing Supplement Is an Estimate Only  Calculated as of the Time the Terms of the Notes Were Set — The initial estimated value of the Notes is based on the value of our obligation to make the payments on the Notes  together with the mid-market value of the derivative embedded in the terms of the Notes. See “Structuring the Notes” below. Our estimate is based on a variety of assumptions  including our credit spreads  expectations as to dividends  interest rates and volatility  and the expected term of the Notes. These assumptions are based on certain forecasts about future events  which may prove to be incorrect. Other entities may value the Notes or similar securities at a price that is significantly different than we do.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexThe value of the Notes at any time after the Trade Date will vary based on many factors  including changes in market conditions  and cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result  the actual value you would receive if you sold the Notes in any secondary market  if any  should be expected to differ materially from the initial estimated value of your Notes.Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest and Our Trading Activities• Our Business Activities May Create Conflicts of Interest — We and our affiliates expect to engage in trading activities related to the Reference Asset that are not for the account of holders of the Notes or on their behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the holders’ interests in the Notes and the interests we and our affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts  in facilitating transactions  including options and other derivatives transactions  for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities  if they influence the level of the Reference Asset  could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. We and one or more of our affiliates may  at present or in the future  engage in business with companies included in the Reference Asset  including making loans to or providing advisory services. These services could include investment banking and merger and acquisition advisory services. These activities may present a conflict between our or one or more of our affiliates’ obligations and your interests as a holder of the Notes. Moreover  we  and our affiliates may have published  and in the future expect to publish  research reports with respect to the Reference Asset. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of these activities by us or one or more of our affiliates may affect the level of the Reference Asset  and  therefore  the market value of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Reference Asset• An Investment in the Notes Is Subject to Risks Relating to Non-U.S. Securities Markets — Because foreign companies or foreign equity securities included in the Reference Asset are publicly traded in the applicable foreign countries and are denominated in non-U.S. currencies  an investment in the Notes involves particular risks. For example  the non-U.S. securities markets may be more volatile than the U.S. securities markets  and market developments may affect these markets differently from the U.S. or other securities markets. Direct or indirect government intervention to stabilize the securities markets outside the U.S.  as well as cross-shareholdings in certain companies  may affect trading prices and trading volumes in those markets. Also  the public availability of information concerning the foreign issuers may vary depending on their home jurisdiction and the reporting requirements imposed by their respective regulators. In addition  the foreign issuers may be subject to accounting  auditing and financial reporting standards and requirements that differ from those applicable to U.S. reporting companies.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® Index• Notes Linked to the Reference Asset Are Subject to Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk — The payment amount on the Notes will be calculated based on the Reference Asset  and the prices of the applicable stocks are converted into U.S. dollars for purposes of calculating the level of the Reference Asset. As a result  investors in the Notes will be exposed to currency exchange rate risk with respect to each of the currencies represented by the Reference Asset. An investor’s net exposure will depend on the extent to which the currencies represented by the Reference Asset strengthen or weaken against the U.S. dollar and the relative weight of each relevant currency represented by the Reference Asset. If  taking into account such weight  the dollar strengthens against such currencies  the level of the Reference Asset will be adversely affected and the amount payable  if any  at maturity of the Notes may be reduced.• You Will Not Have Any Rights to the Securities Included in the Reference Asset — As a holder of the Notes  you will not have voting rights or rights to receive cash dividends or other distributions or other rights that holders of securities included in the Reference Asset would have. The Final Level will not reflect any dividends paid on the securities included in the Reference Asset  and accordingly  any positive return on the Notes may be less than the potential positive return on those securities.• The Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Postponement Due to Market Disruption Events and Adjustments — The payment at maturity and the Valuation Date are subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. For a description of what constitutes a market disruption event as well as the consequences of that market disruption event  see “General Terms of the Notes—Market Disruption Events” in the product prospectus supplement.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexINFORMATION REGARDING THE REFERENCE ASSETAll disclosures contained in this document regarding the Reference Asset  including  without limitation  its make-up  method of calculation  and changes in its components  have been derived from publicly available sources. The information reflects the policies of  and is subject to change by  MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”). MSCI  which owns the copyright and all other rights to the Reference Asset  has no obligation to continue to publish  and may discontinue publication of  the Reference Asset. The consequences of MSCI discontinuing publication of the Reference Asset are discussed in the section of the product prospectus supplement entitled “General Terms of the Notes— Unavailability of the Level of the Reference Asset.” Neither we nor RBCCM accepts any responsibility for the calculation  maintenance or publication of the Reference Asset or any successor index.The MSCI EAFE® IndexThe Reference Asset is intended to measure equity market performance in developed market countries  excluding the United States and Canada. The Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization equity index with a base date of December 31  1969 and an initial value of 100. The Index is calculated daily in U.S. dollars and published in real time every 60 seconds during market trading hours. The Index currently consists of companies from the following developed countries: Australia  Austria  Belgium  Denmark  Finland  France  Germany  Hong Kong  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Japan  the Netherlands  New Zealand  Norway  Portugal  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland and the U.K.Constructing the MSCI Global Investable Market Indices. MSCI undertakes an index construction process  which involves:◾ defining the equity universe;◾ determining the market investable equity universe for each market;◾ determining market capitalization size segments for each market;◾ applying index continuity rules for the MSCI Standard Index;◾ creating style segments within each size segment within each market; and◾ classifying securities under the Global Industry Classification Standard (the “GICS”).Defining the Equity Universe . The equity universe is defined by:◾ Identifying Eligible Equity Securities: the equity universe initially looks at securities listed in any of the countries in the MSCI Global Index Series  which will be classified as either Developed Markets (“DM”) or Emerging Markets (“EM”). All listed equity securities  including Real Estate Investment Trusts and certain income trusts in Canada  are eligible for inclusion in the equity universe. Conversely  mutual funds  ETFs  equity derivatives  and most investment trusts  are not eligible for inclusion  are eligible for inclusion in the equity universe. Conversely  mutual funds  ETFs  equity derivatives  and most investment trusts  are not.◾ Classifying Eligible Securities into the Appropriate Country: each company and its securities (i.e.  share classes) are classified in only one country.◾ Effective with the November 2015 semi-annual index review  companies traded outside of their country of classification (i.e.  “foreign listed companies”) will become eligible for inclusion in the MSCI Country Investable Market Indexes along with the applicable MSCI Global Index. In order for a MSCI Country Investable Market Index to be eligible to include foreign listed companies  it must meet the Foreign Listing Materiality Requirement. To meet the Foreign Listing Materiality Requirement  the aggregate market capitalization of all securities represented by foreign listings should represent at least (i) 5% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization of the relevant MSCI Country Investable Market Index and (ii) 0.05% of the free-float adjusted market capitalization of the MSCI ACWI Investable Market Index.Determining the Market Investable Equity Universes . A market investable equity universe for a market is derived by identifying eligible listings for each security in the equity universe  and by applying investability screens to individual companies and securities in the equity universe that are classified in that market. A market is equivalent to a single country  except in DM Europe  where all DM countries in Europe are aggregated into a single market for index construction purposes. Subsequently  individual DM Europe country indices within the MSCI Europe Index are derived from the constituents of the MSCI Europe Index under the global investable market indices methodology.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexA security may be listed in the country where it is classified (i.e. local listing) and/or in a different country (i.e. “foreign listing”). Securities may be represented by either a local or foreign listing. A security may be represented by a foreign listing only if:• The security is classified in a country that meets the Foreign Listing Materiality Requirement  and• The security’s foreign listing is traded on an eligible stock exchange of: a DM country if the security is classified in a DM country  a DM or an EM country if the security is classified in an EM country  or a DM or an EM or a FM country if the security is classified in a FM country. Securities in that country may not be represented by a foreign listing in the global investable equity universe if a country does not meet the requirement.The investability screens used to determine the investable equity universe in each market are as follows:• Equity Universe Minimum Size Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the company level. In order to be included in a market investable equity universe  a company must have the required minimum full market capitalization. The size requirement also applies to companies in all developed and emerging markets.• Equity Universe Minimum Free Float-Adjusted Market Capitalization Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. To be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  a security must have a free float-adjusted market capitalization equal to or higher than 50% of the equity universe minimum size requirement.• DM and EM Minimum Liquidity Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. To be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  a security must have adequate liquidity. The twelve-month and three-month Annual Traded Value Ratio (“ATVR”)  a measure that screens out extreme daily trading volumes and takes into account the free float-adjusted market capitalization size of securities  together with the three-month frequency of trading are used to measure liquidity. A minimum liquidity level of 20% of three- and twelve-month ATVR and 90% of three-month frequency of trading over the last four consecutive quarters are required for inclusion of a security in a market investable equity universe of a DM  and a minimum liquidity level of 15% of three- and twelve-month ATVR and 80% of three-month frequency of trading over the last four consecutive quarters are required for inclusion of a security in a market investable equity universe of an EM.• Global Minimum Foreign Inclusion Factor Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. To be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  a security’s Foreign Inclusion Factor (“FIF”) must reach a certain threshold. The FIF of a security is defined as the proportion of shares outstanding that is available for purchase in the public equity markets by international investors. This proportion accounts for the available free float of and/or the foreign ownership limits applicable to a specific security (or company). In general  a security must have an FIF equal to or larger than 0.15 to be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe.• Minimum Length of Trading Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. For an initial public offering (“IPO”) to be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  the new issue must have started trading at least three months before the implementation of a semi-annual index review (as described below). This requirement is applicable to small new issues in all markets. Large IPOs are not subject to the minimum length of trading requirement and may be included in a market investable equity universe and the Standard Index outside of a Quarterly or Semi-Annual Index Review.• Minimum Foreign Room Requirement : this investability screen is applied at the individual security level. For a security that is subject to a foreign ownership limit to be eligible for inclusion in a market investable equity universe  the proportion of shares still available to foreign investors relative to the maximum allowed (referred to as “foreign room”) must be at least 15%.Defining Market Capitalization Size Segments for Each Market. Once a market investable equity universe is defined  it is segmented into the following size-based indices:• Investable Market Index (Large + Mid + Small);• Standard Index (Large + Mid);• Large Cap Index;• Mid Cap Index; or• Small Cap Index.Creating the size segment indices in each market involves the following steps:Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® Index• defining the market coverage target range for each size segment;• determining the global minimum size range for each size segment;• determining the market size-segment cutoffs and associated segment number of companies;• assigning companies to the size segments; and• applying final size-segment investability requirements.Index Continuity Rules for the Standard Indices . In order to achieve index continuity  as well as to provide some basic level of diversification within a market index  and notwithstanding the effect of other index construction rules described in this section  a minimum number of five constituents will be maintained for a DM Standard Index and a minimum number of three constituents will be maintained for an EM Standard Index.Creating Style Indices within Each Size Segment. All securities in the investable equity universe are classified into value or growth segments using the MSCI Global Value and Growth methodology. Classifying Securities under the Global Industry Classification Standard. All securities in the global investable equity universe are assigned to the industry that best describes their business activities. To this end  MSCI has designed  in conjunction with S&P Dow Jones Indexes  the GICS. Under the GICS  each company is assigned to one sub−industry according to its principal business activity. Therefore  a company can belong to only one industry grouping at each of the four levels of the GICS.Calculation Methodology for the IndexThe performance of the Index is a free float weighted average of the U.S. dollar values of its component securities.Prices used to calculate the component securities are the official exchange closing prices or prices accepted as such in the relevant market. In the case of a market closure  or if a security does not trade on a specific day or during a specific period  MSCI carries forward the previous day’s price (or latest available closing price). In the event of a market outage resulting in any component security price to be unavailable  MSCI will generally use the last reported price for such component security for the purpose of performance calculation unless MSCI determines that another price is more appropriate based on the circumstances. Closing prices are converted into U.S. dollars  as applicable  using the closing exchange rates calculated by WM/Reuters at 4:00 P.M. London Time.Index MaintenanceThe MSCI global investable market indices are maintained with the objective of reflecting the evolution of the underlying equity markets and segments on a timely basis  while seeking to achieve index continuity  continuous investability of constituents and replicability of the indices  index stability  and low index turnover. In particular  index maintenance involves:(i) Semi-Annual Index Reviews (“SAIRs”) in May and November of the Size Segment and Global Value and Growth Indices which include:◾ updating the indices on the basis of a fully refreshed equity universe;◾ taking buffer rules into consideration for migration of securities across size and style segments; and◾ updating FIFs and Number of Shares (“NOS”).(ii) Quarterly Index Reviews (“QIRs”) in February and August of the Size Segment Indices aimed at:◾ including significant new eligible securities (such as IPOs that were not eligible for earlier inclusion) in the Index;◾ allowing for significant moves of companies within the Size Segment Indices  using wider buffers than in the SAIR; and◾ reflecting the impact of significant market events on FIFs and updating NOS.(iii) Ongoing Event-Related Changes: changes of this type are generally implemented in the indices as they occur. Significantly large IPOs are included in the indices after the close of the company’s tenth day of trading.None of us  RBCCM or any of our other affiliates accepts any responsibility for the calculation  maintenance  or publication of  or for any error  omission  or disruption in  the Reference Asset or any successor to the Reference Asset.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexLicense AgreementWe have entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with MSCI providing for the license to us and certain of our affiliated or subsidiary companies  in exchange for a fee  of the right to use indices owned and published by MSCI (including the Reference Asset) in connection with certain securities  including the Notes offered hereby.The license agreement between us and MSCI requires that the following language be stated in this document:THE NOTES ARE NOT SPONSORED  ENDORSED  SOLD OR PROMOTED BY MSCI INC. (“MSCI”)  ANY AFFILIATE OF MSCI OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES ARE SERVICE MARK(S) OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES AND HAVE BEEN LICENSED FOR USE FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES BY ROYAL BANK OF CANADA AND ITS AFFILIATES. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED  TO THE OWNERS OF THE NOTES OR ANY MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN FINANCIAL SECURITIES GENERALLY OR IN THE NOTES PARTICULARLY OR THE ABILITY OF ANY MSCI INDEX TO TRACK CORRESPONDING STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE. MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES ARE THE LICENSORS OF CERTAIN TRADEMARKS  SERVICE MARKS AND TRADE NAMES AND OF THE MSCI INDEXES WHICH ARE DETERMINED  COMPOSED AND CALCULATED BY MSCI WITHOUT REGARD TO THE NOTES OR THE ISSUER OR OWNER OF THE NOTES. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF THE ISSUERS OR OWNERS OF THE NOTES INTO CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING  COMPOSING OR CALCULATING THE MSCI INDEXES. NEITHER MSCI  ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OR HAS PARTICIPATED IN THE DETERMINATION OF THE TIMING OF  PRICES AT  OR QUANTITIES OF THE NOTES TO BE ISSUED OR IN THE DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION OF THE EQUATION BY WHICH THE NOTES ARE REDEEMABLE FOR CASH. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  THE MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAS ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY TO THE OWNERS OF THE NOTES IN CONNECTION WITH THE ADMINISTRATION  MARKETING OR OFFERING OF THE NOTES.ALTHOUGH MSCI SHALL OBTAIN INFORMATION FOR INCLUSION IN OR FOR USE IN THE CALCULATION OF THE MSCI INDEXES FROM SOURCES WHICH MSCI CONSIDERS RELIABLE  NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ORIGINALITY  ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES ANY WARRANTY  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED  AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY LICENSEE  LICENSEE’S CUSTOMERS OR COUNTERPARTIES  ISSUERS OF THE NOTES  OWNERS OF THE NOTES  OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY  FROM THE USE OF ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN IN CONNECTION WITH THE RIGHTS LICENSED HEREUNDER OR FOR ANY OTHER USE. NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS  OMISSIONS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY MSCI INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. FURTHER  NEITHER MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND  AND MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES AND ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  WITH RESPECT TO ANY MSCI INDEX AND ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING  IN NO EVENT SHALL MSCI  ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN  OR RELATED TO  MAKING OR COMPILING ANY MSCI INDEX HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT  INDIRECT  SPECIAL  PUNITIVE  CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.No purchaser  seller or holder of the Notes  or any other person or entity  should use or refer to any MSCI trade name  trade mark or service mark rights to sponsor  endorse  market or promote the Notes without first contacting MSCI toGeared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® Indexdetermine whether MSCI’s permission is required. Under no circumstances may any person or entity claim affiliation with MSCI without the prior written permission of MSCI.Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to the MSCI EAFE® IndexHistorical InformationThe graph below sets forth the information relating to the historical performance of the Reference Asset for the period from January 1  2012 through March 30  2022. We obtained the information in the graph from Bloomberg Financial Markets.We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the information obtained from Bloomberg Financial Markets. The historical performance of the Reference Asset should not be taken as an indication of its future performance  and no assurance can be given as to the Final Level of the Reference Asset. We cannot give you assurance that the performance of the Reference Asset will result in any positive return on your initial investment.MSCI EAFE® Index (“EAFE”)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.8,True,English,"['Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK', 'CANADA', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'Geared Buffered Enhanced Return Notes', 'U.S. government agency', 'Per Note Total Price', 'U.S. Dollars', '150% leveraged positive return', 'MSCI EAFE® Index', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'initial estimated value', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Product Prospectus Supplement', 'Maximum Redemption Amount', 'state securities commission', 'maximum return', 'actual value', 'credit risk', 'Pricing Supplement', 'many factors', 'Initial Level', 'Royal Bank', 'Reference Asset', 'principal amount', 'Issue Date', 'other Canadian', 'common shares', 'Exchange Commission', 'criminal offense', 'Underwriting discounts', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Trade Date', 'MXEA"") Currency', 'Minimum Investment', 'minimum denominations', 'Pricing Date', 'Valuation Date', 'other disruptions', 'Leverage Factor', 'Downside Multiplier', 'following formula', 'Percentage Change', 'Buffer Percentage', 'Final Level', 'closing level', 'securities exchange', 'The Notes', 'CUSIP number', 'Summary” section', 'detailed information', 'cash payment', 'Maturity Date', 'page PS', 'Rule 424', 'EI', 'February', 'performance', 'ISIN', 'interest', 'investors', '1% decrease', 'payments', 'April', 'risks', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'subsection', 'representation', 'contrary', 'public', 'commissions', 'Proceeds', 'RBCCM', 'agent', 'connection', 'sale', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'time', 'accuracy', 'determination', 'Issuer', 'Underwriter', 'LLC', 'excess', 'March', 'January', 'extension', 'lesser', 'case', 'portion']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,streetinsider.com
2157,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2022/04/189240-six-finalizes-acquisition-of-50-stake-in-regis-tr/,SIX Finalizes Acquisition of 50% Stake in REGIS-TR,The Switzerland Stock Exchange (SIX) has successfully completed the acquisition of Clearstream’s 50% stake in REGIS-TR.,The Switzerland Stock Exchange (SIX) has successfully completed the acquisition of Clearstream’s 50% stake in REGIS-TR.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.09,0.83,0.07,True,English,"['SIX', 'Acquisition', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'The Switzerland Stock Exchange', 'SIX', 'acquisition', 'Clearstream', '50% stake', 'REGIS-TR.']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,crowdfundinsider.com
2158,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We're thrilled to see a rave #review on our Clearstream Flex from @techradar! Were we surprised? Of course not  we… https://t.co/3aVu3cAFUy,nan,We're thrilled to see a rave #review on our Clearstream Flex from @techradar! Were we surprised? Of course not  we… https://t.co/3aVu3cAFUy,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['rave #review', 'Clearstream Flex', 'aVu3cAFUy', 'rave #review', 'Clearstream Flex', 'aVu3cAFUy']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,Unknown
2159,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/the-advisors-guide-to-global-dividend-growth,The Advisor’s Guide to Global Dividend Growth,16 hours ago,Advisors looking to learn how global dividends are positioned should look at their notable rebound in 2021  momentum that is expected to continue through this year.There are many dividend ETFs currently available to investors  with each one offering different exposure  income generation  and total return. Finding standouts in the group is difficult  but by focusing on some key metrics  investors can unearth compelling products  including the SmartETFs Dividend Builder ETF (DIVS).DIVS has 35 holdings in its portfolio  31 of which grew their dividends in 2021. Three companies kept their dividends flat  and just one company cut its dividend. This follows the momentum from 2020  which saw 28 companies grow their dividends  six keep their dividends flat  and one company cut  according to the firm.The average dividend growth across all 35 companies included in the fund was 6.3%  and the firm generally saw dividend payments surprise to the upside.The largest dividend growth in 2021 came from Otis Worldwide  which increased its dividend by 20% year-on-year. As the world’s largest manufacturer by revenue of elevators and escalators  Otis has an installed base of greater than 2 million elevators under service. 45% of revenue is from new equipment installations  while 55% is recurring maintenance revenues. Servicing the installed base has 3x higher profits  and competitive advantages have ensured a high client retention rate (~80%)  contributing to high revenue and cash flow growth  enabling the higher dividend distributions  according to the firm.DIVS’ financial holdings were also among the companies with the largest year-on-year dividend increases.Aflac grew its dividend by 17.9% in 2021  following 3.7% growth in 2020. BlackRock grew its dividend by 13.8% in 2021  following 10.0% growth in 2020.Arthur Gallagher grew its dividend by 6.7% in 2021  an increase from 4.7% growth in 2020. CME Group grew its dividend by 5.9% in 2021  after the 13.3% growth in 2020  and Deutsche Boerse grew its dividend by 3.4% in 2021  following the 7.4% growth in 2020  according to Guinness Atkinson.The three companies which held their dividends flat for 2021 — Henkel  Reckitt Benckiser  and ABB — all cited cautiousness and uncertainty as reasons for capital preservation. These companies continue to have strong balance sheets and low leverage  leading Guinness Atkinson to believe that they have the ability to grow their dividends in the future.Danone  a global food and beverage company  the one company to announce a cut (of 7.6%) in its dividend for 2021  grew its dividend in 2020 by 8.3%.For more news  information  and strategy  visit the Dividend Channel.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.35,0.52,True,English,"['Global Dividend Growth', 'The Advisor', 'Guide', 'high client retention rate', 'SmartETFs Dividend Builder ETF', 'unearth compelling products', 'new equipment installations', 'recurring maintenance revenues', '3x higher profits', 'strong balance sheets', 'many dividend ETFs', 'higher dividend distributions', 'cash flow growth', 'average dividend growth', 'year dividend increases', 'largest dividend growth', 'high revenue', 'notable rebound', 'different exposure', 'income generation', 'total return', 'key metrics', 'one company', 'largest manufacturer', 'competitive advantages', 'Arthur Gallagher', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Guinness Atkinson', 'Reckitt Benckiser', 'capital preservation', 'low leverage', 'global food', 'beverage company', 'dividend payments', 'Dividend Channel', 'Otis Worldwide', '2 million elevators', 'financial holdings', 'CME Group', 'Three companies', 'global dividends', '3.7% growth', '10.0% growth', '4.7% growth', '13.3% growth', '7.4% growth', '35 holdings', '28 companies', '35 companies', 'Advisors', 'momentum', 'investors', 'standouts', 'DIVS', 'portfolio', 'firm', 'fund', 'upside', 'escalators', 'base', 'greater', 'service', 'Aflac', 'BlackRock', 'Henkel', 'ABB', 'cautiousness', 'uncertainty', 'reasons', 'ability', 'future', 'Danone', 'cut', 'news', 'information', 'strategy', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', '2021']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,nasdaq.com
2160,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://boerse-social.com/2022/04/02/o2_und_deutsche_telekom_vs_swisscom_und_bt_group_kommentierter_kw_13_peer_group_watch_telekom,O2 und Deutsche Telekom vs. Swisscom und BT Group – kommentierter KW 13 Peer Group Watch Telekom,In der Wochensicht ist vorne: O2 4 01% vor Deutsche Telekom 1 88%  Tele Columbus 1 68%  AT&T 0 59%  Vodafone 0 2%  Alcatel-Lucent 0%  Orange -0 2%  Drillisch -0 39%  Telecom Italia -0 63%  Telekom Aus,Suche3D Systems 3M Aareal Bank Acuity Brands Addiko Bank adidas Adler Real Estate Advanced Micro Devices  Inc. ADVA Optical Networking Agrana Ahlers Airbnb Airbus Group Aixtron Alcoa Alibaba Group Holding Allianz Alphabet Alphabet-A Altaba Amag Amazon Ambarella American Express Amgen AMS Andritz Apache Corp. Apple Athos Immobilien Atrium AT&S AT&T Aumann Aurelius Aurora Cannabis Aurubis AXA Axel Springer Baader Bank Baidu Balda Ballard Power Systems Banco Santander Barrick Gold BASF Baumot Group Bawag Baxter International Bayer BayWa BB Biotech Bechtle Beghelli Berkshire Hathaway Bertelsmann bet-at-home.com Beyond Meat Bilfinger Biofrontera Biogen Idec BioNTech Bitrush BKS Bank Stamm BMW BNP Paribas Boeing Borussia Dortmund BP Plc BT Group BTV AG CA Immo Callaway Golf Canadian Solar Cancom Cargotec Carl Zeiss Meditec Caterpillar Celesio Century Chevron Chorus Clean energy Cisco Cleen Energy Coca-Cola Coinbase Global Commerzbank Consus Real Estate Continental Covestro Credit Suisse Cree CTS Eventim Daimler Delivery Hero Dentsply Sirona Deutsche Bank Deutsche Boerse z.Umt. Deutsche Pfandbriefbank Deutsche Post Deutsche Postbank Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Wohnen Dialight DMG Mori Seiki DO&CO DowDuPont Inc. Dow Inc. Drägerwerk Drillisch Dropbox Duerr DuPont DWS Group EHang ElringKlinger E.ON Epigenomics Erste Group European Lithium EVN Evonik Evotec Exxon Fabasoft FACC Facebook FedEx Corp Fielmann First Solar Fitbit Flughafen Wien Ford Motor Co. Francotyp-Postalia Fraport Frauenthal freenet Frequentis Fresenius Fresenius Medical Care Fuchs Petrolub GameStop Gazprom GEA Group Geely General Electric Generali Assicuraz. General Motors Company GFT Technologies Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Glencore Goldcorp Inc. Goldman Sachs GoPro Grammer Gurktaler AG Stamm GVC Holdings Hannover Rück Hanwha Q Cells Heid AG HeidelbergCement Heidelberger Druckmaschinen Hella Hueck & Co HelloFresh Henkel Hochtief Home24 Home Depot Honda Motor Honeywell Intern. HSBC Holdings Hugo Boss Hypoport Ibiden Co.Ltd IBM Ibu-Tec Immofinanz Infineon Innogy Intel jd.com Jenoptik JinkoSolar Johnson & Johnson Josef Manner & Comp. AG JP Morgan Chase Kapsch TrafficCom Klöckner Klondike Gold Knaus Tabbert Kostad K+S KUKA Lanxess LEG Immobilien Lenzing Leoni LinkedIn Linz Textil Holding Lion E-Mobility Lockheed Martin LPKF Laser Lufthansa Lukoil Lyft Manchester United Manz Marinomed Biotech Massimo Zanetti Beverage Mayr-Melnhof McDonalds Medigene Merck Co. Merck KGaA Metro METRO AG Stamm Microsoft Mologen MorphoSys MTU Aero Engines Münchener Rück Nemetschek Nestlé NetEase Netflix NET New Energy Technologies Nike Nikola Nintendo Nippon Express Noble Corp plc Nokia Noratis Nordex Novartis Novo Nordisk Nvidia O2 Oberbank AG Stamm OMV Orange Osram Licht Österreichische Post Paion Palantir Palfinger Pantaflix paragon Patrizia Immobilien PayPal Petro Welt Technologies Pfeiffer Vacuum Pfizer Philips Lighting Pierer Mobility Pinterest PNE Wind Polytec Group Porr Porsche Automobil Holding PostNL Procter & Gamble publity Puma q.beyond Qualcomm Incorporated Rath AG Raytheon Technologies RBI Rheinmetall RHI Magnesita Rhoen-Klinikum RIB Software Rio Tinto Roche GS Roche Holding Rocket Internet Rosenbauer Royal Dutch Shell RTL Group RWE Ryanair Saint Gobain salesforce.com Salzgitter Samsung Electronics Sanofi SAP Sartorius Sberbank SBO Schaeffler Scout24 Semperit Semtech Corporation SFC Energy Shinko Electric Industries Siemens Siemens Healthineers S Immo Sixt Sky SLM Solutions SMA Solar Snapchat Snowflake Societe Generale SolarCity SolarEdge Sportradar Group S&T Stadlauer Malzfabrik AG Starbucks startup300 Steinhoff Strabag Stratasys Stratec Biomedical Ströer Südzucker Suess Microtec Swisscom Swiss Re SW Umwelttechnik Symrise Talanx Teamviewer Technogym Tele Columbus Telecom Italia Telefonica Telekom Austria Terex Tesla Thorpe ThyssenKrupp Time Warner TLG Immobilien Tomorrow Focus Toyota Motor Corp. Transocean Travelers Companies Trina Solar TTM Technologies  Inc. TUI AG Twitter Uber UBM UBS UIAG Under Armour Uniper Uniqa UnitedHealth United Internet United Parcel Service United Technologies Valeant Valneva Vapiano Varta AG Vectron Verbio Verbund Verizon Vestas VIG Vipshop VISA Vivendi Vodafone voestalpine Volkswagen Volkswagen Vz. Vonovia SE Voquz Labs Vossloh voxeljet VST Building Technologies Wacker Chemie Wacker Neuson Walgreens Boots Alliance Wal-Mart Walt Disney Warimpex WCM Beteiligungs- und Grundbesitz-AG Wells Fargo Wienerberger Wiener Privatbank William Hill Williams Grand Prix Wirecard Wolford Wolftank-Adisa World Wrestling Entertainment Xing YY Inc. Zalando Zumtobel Zurich Insurance,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['KW 13 Peer Group Watch Telekom', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'BT Group', 'O2', 'Swisscom', 'Samsung Electronics Sanofi SAP Sartorius Sberbank SBO Schaeffler Scout24 Semperit Semtech Corporation SFC Energy Shinko Electric Industries Siemens Siemens Healthineers S Immo Sixt Sky SLM Solutions SMA Solar Snapchat Snowflake Societe Generale SolarCity SolarEdge Sportradar Group S&T Stadlauer Malzfabrik AG Starbucks startup300 Steinhoff Strabag Stratasys Stratec Biomedical Ströer Südzucker Suess Microtec Swisscom Swiss Re SW Umwelttechnik Symrise Talanx Teamviewer Technogym Tele Columbus Telecom Italia Telefonica Telekom Austria Terex Tesla Thorpe ThyssenKrupp Time Warner TLG Immobilien Tomorrow Focus Toyota Motor Corp.', 'Merck KGaA Metro METRO AG Stamm Microsoft Mologen MorphoSys MTU Aero Engines Münchener Rück Nemetschek Nestlé NetEase Netflix NET New Energy Technologies Nike Nikola Nintendo Nippon Express Noble Corp plc Nokia Noratis Nordex Novartis Novo Nordisk Nvidia O2 Oberbank AG Stamm OMV Orange Osram Licht Österreichische Post Paion Palantir Palfinger Pantaflix paragon', 'Meat Bilfinger Biofrontera Biogen Idec BioNTech Bitrush BKS Bank Stamm BMW BNP Paribas Boeing Borussia Dortmund BP Plc BT Group BTV AG CA Immo Callaway Golf Canadian Solar Cancom Cargotec Carl Zeiss Meditec Caterpillar Celesio Century Chevron Chorus Clean energy Cisco Cleen Energy Coca-Cola Coinbase Global Commerzbank Consus', 'AT&S AT&T Aumann Aurelius Aurora Cannabis Aurubis AXA Axel Springer Baader Bank Baidu Balda Ballard Power Systems Banco Santander Barrick Gold BASF Baumot Group Bawag Baxter International Bayer BayWa BB Biotech Bechtle Beghelli Berkshire Hathaway Bertelsmann', 'JP Morgan Chase Kapsch TrafficCom Klöckner Klondike Gold Knaus Tabbert Kostad K+S KUKA Lanxess LEG Immobilien Lenzing Leoni LinkedIn Linz Textil Holding Lion E-Mobility Lockheed Martin LPKF Laser Lufthansa Lukoil Lyft Manchester United Manz Marinomed Biotech', 'Drägerwerk Drillisch Dropbox Duerr DuPont DWS Group EHang ElringKlinger E.ON Epigenomics Erste Group European Lithium EVN Evonik Evotec Exxon Fabasoft FACC Facebook FedEx Corp Fielmann First Solar Fitbit Flughafen Wien Ford Motor Co', 'Armour Uniper Uniqa UnitedHealth United Internet United Parcel Service United Technologies Valeant Valneva Vapiano Varta AG Vectron Verbio Verbund Verizon Vestas VIG Vipshop VISA Vivendi Vodafone voestalpine Volkswagen Volkswagen Vz.', 'ADVA Optical Networking Agrana Ahlers Airbnb Airbus Group Aixtron Alcoa Alibaba Group Holding Allianz Alphabet Alphabet-A Altaba Amag Amazon Ambarella American Express Amgen AMS Andritz Apache Corp.', 'Patrizia Immobilien PayPal Petro Welt Technologies Pfeiffer Vacuum Pfizer Philips Lighting Pierer Mobility Pinterest PNE Wind Polytec Group Porr Porsche Automobil Holding PostNL Procter', 'Goldman Sachs GoPro Grammer Gurktaler AG Stamm GVC Holdings Hannover Rück Hanwha Q Cells Heid AG HeidelbergCement Heidelberger Druckmaschinen Hella Hueck', 'Rath AG Raytheon Technologies RBI Rheinmetall RHI Magnesita Rhoen-Klinikum RIB Software Rio Tinto Roche GS Roche Holding Rocket Internet Rosenbauer', 'Deutsche Pfandbriefbank Deutsche Post Deutsche Postbank Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Wohnen Dialight DMG Mori Seiki DO&CO DowDuPont Inc. Dow Inc.', 'Grundbesitz-AG Wells Fargo Wienerberger Wiener Privatbank William Hill Williams Grand Prix Wirecard Wolford Wolftank-Adisa World Wrestling Entertainment Xing YY Inc.', 'Real Estate Continental Covestro Credit Suisse Cree CTS Eventim Daimler Delivery Hero Dentsply Sirona Deutsche Bank', 'Frequentis Fresenius Fresenius Medical Care Fuchs Petrolub GameStop Gazprom GEA Group', 'Royal Dutch Shell RTL Group RWE Ryanair Saint Gobain', 'Addiko Bank adidas Adler Real Estate Advanced Micro Devices', 'Transocean Travelers Companies Trina Solar TTM Technologies', 'HelloFresh Henkel Hochtief Home24 Home Depot Honda Motor', 'Massimo Zanetti Beverage Mayr-Melnhof McDonalds Medigene Merck Co.', 'GFT Technologies Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Glencore Goldcorp Inc.', 'Ibiden Co.Ltd IBM Ibu-Tec Immofinanz Infineon Innogy Intel', 'TUI AG Twitter Uber UBM UBS UIAG', 'General Electric Generali Assicuraz', 'Apple Athos Immobilien Atrium', '3M Aareal Bank Acuity Brands', 'HSBC Holdings Hugo Boss Hypoport', '3D Systems', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Francotyp-Postalia Fraport Frauenthal freenet', 'Zalando Zumtobel Zurich Insurance', 'General Motors Company', 'Jenoptik JinkoSolar Johnson', 'Johnson Josef Manner', 'Gamble publity Puma', 'Honeywell Intern', 'Qualcomm Incorporated', 'Suche', 'Comp.', 'Salzgitter']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,boerse-social.com
2161,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/yqReyGvK6y,nan,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/yqReyGvK6y,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'yqReyGvK6y', 'Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'yqReyGvK6y']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,Unknown
2162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/evs-announces-resignation-mr-philippe-180000087.html,EVS announces the resignation of Mr. Philippe Mercelis as director,Publication on April 1   2022  after market closingEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR) EVS...,Publication on April 1   2022  after market closingEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS announces the resignation of Mr. Philippe Mercelis as directorEVS announces the resignation of Mr. Philippe Mercelis  independent director  with effect from the date of the next board of directors' meeting or general meeting  at which point in time a new director will be appointed. In principle  this will be the ordinary general meeting to be held on 17 May 2022  during which the appointment of Mr. Marco Miserez as independent director will be on the agenda  based on the proposal of the board of directors.EVS Board of directors thanks Mr. Philippe Mercelis for the work that has been accomplished during his mandate.BVSerge VAN HERCK*  CEOEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 00. E-mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as the leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.* representing a BVAttachmentStory continues,neutral,0.04,0.7,0.27,mixed,0.42,0.21,0.38,True,English,"['Mr. Philippe Mercelis', 'EVS', 'resignation', 'director', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', '13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean', 'gripping live sports images', 'Mr. Philippe Mercelis', 'Mr. Marco Miserez', 'Liege Science Park', 'live video technology', 'new media productions', 'ordinary general meeting', 'new technologies', 'new director', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'one industry', 'immersive stories', 'best return', 'wide range', 'entertainment shows', 'news content', 'Middle East', 'North America', 'technical support', 'independent director', 'next board', ""directors' meeting"", 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'market requirements', 'market share', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'unanticipated events', 'BV Attachment', 'EVS Board', 'public company', 'Publication', 'April', 'closing', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'resignation', 'effect', 'date', 'point', 'time', 'principle', '17 May', 'agenda', 'proposal', 'work', 'CEO', '102 Seraing', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'mail', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'leader', 'passion', 'purpose', 'clients', 'emotion', 'solutions', 'billions', 'viewers', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'sales', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'information', 'Story', '32 4']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-doubles-spectrum-holding-bangladesh-161500310.html,VEON Doubles Spectrum Holding in Bangladesh,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announces that...,"VEON's Banglalink retains Top Spot in ""Spectrum per Customer"" Rankings among private operatorsAMSTERDAM  April 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announces that Banglalink has acquired new spectrum  doubling the company's spectrum holding in Bangladesh. At the auction  held in Dhaka and organized by the Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission (BTRC)  Banglalink acquired 40 MHz of spectrum from the 2300 MHz band  ensuring that Banglalink retains its position as the top private operator in Bangladesh in terms of spectrum per customer.""Bangladesh is a fast-growing economy with endless opportunities "" said Kaan Terzioğlu  group CEO  VEON. ""There is an increasing demand for extended digital services  especially from the younger generation  and in Bangladesh  10-24 year olds make up 27% of the population1. VEON operates in nine countries and investing in key regions such as this is an important part of our Digital Operator strategy. This allows us to support people's needs with the very best digital services across the world.""The additional spectrum available to Banglalink's network will be instrumental in providing almost 38 million Banglalink customers2 with even better access to financial and entertainment services via mobile internet. Banglalink has already been recognized by Ookla as the fastest mobile network in the country for the last two years.Erik Aas  Chief Executive Officer  Banglalink  said  ""We congratulate the BTRC for successfully conducting the spectrum auction. It is an important step for the industry  as the availability of more spectrum will result in better internet speed and high quality digital services for the citizens of Bangladesh. In keeping with our objective - 4G for all  not 5G for a few  we intend to utilize the new spectrum primarily for 4G in next 2-3 years.""Story continuesBanglalink also recently announced its plan to build 3 000 new towers this year. It will remain committed to maintaining high-quality data and digital services and ensuring nationwide 4G coverage.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 million customers over a population of 680 million people. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comAbout BanglalinkBanglalink is one of the leading digital communications service providers in Bangladesh  working to unlock new opportunities for its customers as they navigate the digital world. Driven by the vision of transforming lives through technology  Banglalink also strives to transform into a future-ready service provider capable of catering to the demands of the new digital era. It is a subsidiary of VEON Ltd - a Nasdaq and Euronext listed connectivity provider headquartered in the Netherlands.DisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the potential benefits of the transaction described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  ""inside information"" as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.1: Source: https://www.unfpa.org/data/world-population-dashboard2 : http://www.btrc.gov.bd/site/page/0ae188ae-146e-465c-8ed8-d76b7947b5dd/-Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina LevinaMarina.levina@veon.comTUVA PartnersJulian Tannerjulian.tanner@tuvapartners.comM +44 7900 205 460CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-doubles-spectrum-holding-in-bangladesh-301515908.htmlSOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.17,0.3,True,English,"['VEON Doubles Spectrum Holding', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'leading digital communications service providers', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission', 'high quality digital services', 'Euronext listed connectivity provider', 'future-ready service provider', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', '10-24 year olds', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'last two years', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next 2-3 years', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'global digital operator', 'growing emerging markets', 'extended digital services', 'best digital services', 'new digital era', 'top private operator', 'nationwide 4G coverage', 'fastest mobile network', '38 million Banglalink customers2', 'group CEO', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'global provider', 'mobile connectivity', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'Top Spot', 'private operators', 'growing economy', 'entertainment services', 'technology-driven services', 'mobile internet', 'digital world', '3,000 new towers', 'new opportunities', 'endless opportunities', 'increasing demand', 'younger generation', 'nine countries', 'key regions', 'important part', 'Erik Aas', 'important step', 'internet speed', 'high-quality data', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'potential benefits', 'forward-looking statement', 'TUVA Partners', 'original content', '220 million customers', '680 million people', 'VEON Ltd.', 'new spectrum', 'spectrum holding', 'additional spectrum', 'Customer"" Rankings', '2300 MHz band', 'unanticipated events', 'btrc.gov', 'Contact Information', 'spectrum auction', 'Marina Levina', 'Julian Tanner', 'statements', '40 MHz', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'company', 'Dhaka', 'position', 'terms', 'population', 'needs', 'access', 'financial', 'Ookla', 'country', 'industry', 'availability', 'citizens', 'objective', '5G', 'Story', 'plan', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'vision', 'lives', 'demands', 'subsidiary', 'Netherlands', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'transaction', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'elements', 'unfpa', 'org', 'dashboard', 'tuvapartners', 'Cision', 'doubles-spectrum-holding']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
2164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4499331-unibail-rodamco-westfield-counting-down-to-the-dividend-reinstatement,Unibail Stock: Counting Down To The Dividend Reinstatement (OTCMKTS:UNBLF),The dividend suspension by Unibail will retain cash to strengthen its balance sheet. Read why investors should consider UNBLF stock if the price drops.,"William Barton/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesIntroduction2020 and the first semester of 2021 haven’t been easy for commercial REITs. But in Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (OTC:URMCY) (OTCPK:UNBLF) (here after ""Unibail"" for simplicity sake)  its issues started about five years ago when it acquired Westfield in a multi-billion transaction. This happened right before the COVID crisis  and Unibail was never able to fully integrate the newly acquired malls and generate the synergy benefits before COVID hit. Now  in 2022  the REIT plans to sell its US assets within the next two years and fall back on the European market. Back to square one  but that doesn’t mean the ""cleaned-up version"" of Unibail couldn’t be an interesting investment option.Yahoo FinanceUnibail has its primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam where it’s trading with URW as its ticker symbol. The average daily volume in Amsterdam exceeds 750 000 shares  making it the most liquid trading venue. On top of that  the Amsterdam listing offers options which could help in a scenario where one writes out of the money put options.The REIT kept the damage limited in 2021I was looking forward to seeing how the REIT performed in 2021. The first semester was rather weak as the malls owned and operated by Unibail were still facing mandatory closures. As the vaccination ratio increased throughout the second quarter of 2021  malls were allowed to reopen and the financial performance of the REIT improved.As of the end of Q2 2021  the adjusted recurring EPS (comparable to the FFO) was 3.24 EUR per share  down from 4.65 EUR per share in H1 2020 as the first quarter of 2020 was still pretty normal  and Unibail had more income-generating assets. The majority of the COVID-related impact in 2020 was recorded in the second half of the year as Unibail’s adjusted recurring EPS was just 2.63 EUR per share. So looking at that weak result in H2 2020  the recurring EPS of 3.24 EUR in H1 wasn’t too bad as it represented a 20% increase compared to the preceding semester.Unibail’s full-year recurring EPS in 2021 came in at 6.91 EUR per share. Deducting the 3.24 EUR per share generated in H1 2021  the H2 EPS was approximately 3.67 EUR or in excess of 7.25 EUR on an annualized basis  and that’s quite encouraging.Unibail Investor RelationsIt’s still lower than FY 2020 but keep in mind throughout 2020 and 2021 Unibail continued to sell assets to the tune of 3.3B EUR (with for instance the sale of office properties for in excess of 200M EUR and 620M EUR) and that obviously had a negative impact on the recurring EPS as Unibail is repositioning itself.For 2022  Unibail is now aiming to generate 8.2-8.4 EUR in adjusted recurring earnings per share which would be another major step forward. Of course  effectively realizing this result will depend on the timing of the sale of the US-based assets.Although Unibail has posted okay results in 2020  good results in 2021 and a very positive guidance for 2022  the REIT is still foregoing paying a dividend as it first wants to get its balance sheet back into a much stronger position.Its plans for 2024 are encouraging  but Unibail will have lost a decadeIt wasn’t a secret Unibail wanted to sell its US assets and although it's taking a bit longer than expected  Unibail now wants to complete the sale of its US portfolio by the end of 2023. This will result in Unibail becoming a pure European commercial REIT with a stronger balance sheet than it currently has as Unibail is aiming to achieve a 40% LTV ratio by the time the US portfolio has been sold.Unibail Investor RelationsIt looks like Unibail is already preparing the market for a disappointing sales price for the US assets as the REIT provided a sensitivity analysis on how the LTV ratio will evolve depending on the discount it needs to apply to the book value of the US assets to get rid of them. As you can see below  the REIT’s most optimistic scenario appears to be a ""sell at book value"" as there’s zero data on what would happen if the assets would be sold above book value.Unibail Investor RelationsAs you can see above  if the US assets would be sold at a discount of 30% to the book value  the total LTV ratio would fall to just 37.6% (including the deeply subordinated hybrid securities). The financial health of Unibail depends on selling the US assets at a valuation that’s as high as possible. The lower LTV ratio also will help Unibail to self fund its own development pipeline where it has identified over 3B EUR in projects.Unibail also provided a guidance for 2024 on a Europe-only basis. The REIT expects its net rental income to get back to the pre-COVID level.Unibail Investor RelationsThis allows us to calculate the recurring EPS for 2024 as we can apply some assumptions for the G&A expenses (175M EUR  down from 212M EUR in 2021 as the overhead expenses will decrease upon closing the sale of the US assets) and the interest expenses (250M EUR). We also should deduct the payments on the hybrid securities and the stake of the non-controlling interests making it realistic to see a direct result of around 1B EUR per share. Note: A lot will depend on the sale of the US assets which have a current book value of approximately 12B EUR. And the real sales price will determine how much debt Unibail can repay and by how much the interest expenses will decrease.Unibail Investor RelationsThe bottom line is  however  that Unibail will have spent 2018-2024 only to end back on square one. It spread itself too thin when it acquired Westfield and I hope the REIT will have learned its lesson.Investment thesisCanceling the dividend due to the COVID pandemic likely was a blessing in disguise. As COVID has hit all commercial REITs pretty hard  Unibail’s dividend cancellation got lost in a myriad of other REITs doing the same thing. I also think the decision to forego dividend payments in 2021 and 2022 as well was the smartest thing to do. This allowed Unibail to retain approximately 22 EUR per share in earnings and with just under 139M shares outstanding. This basically means Unibail will have hoarded about 3B EUR in cash flow to reduce the balance sheet risk.That’s tough for income investors  but I like the drastic approach. Save 3B EUR  dispose of the assets you no longer want and start rebuilding from there. The unknown factor in the Unibail story is the sale of the US assets as the higher the discount on the book value  the lower the impact on the LTV ratio of the REIT.2022 will be a good year with a recurring EPS of in excess of 8 EUR per share  but I think the sale of the US portfolio may have a negative impact on the anticipated EPS but the positive consequence will be the safer balance sheet.The dividend will return from FY 2023 on (payable in CY 2024) so there’s no rush for dividend investors to pick up the stock. But the next 12-18 months will likely offer some interesting opportunities to pick up the stock ahead of the dividend reinstatement (a payout ratio of 75% on a recurring EPS of 7.5 EUR would indicate a dividend of just over 5 EUR per share  subject to the 12.8% dividend withholding tax in France). I currently have no position in Unibail but I have written some put options. Those put options are currently all out of the money  and I will likely continue to write put options to take advantage from the high volatility levels. An investment in Unibail is a waiting game.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.22,0.09,0.69,True,English,"['Unibail Stock', 'Dividend Reinstatement', 'The', 'OTCMKTS', 'UNBLF', 'pure European commercial REIT', 'next two years', 'interesting investment option', 'average daily volume', 'disappointing sales price', 'net rental income', 'G&A expenses', 'total LTV ratio', 'lower LTV ratio', 'stronger balance sheet', 'Unibail Investor Relations', 'full-year recurring EPS', 'commercial REITs', '40% LTV ratio', 'European market', 'stronger position', 'vaccination ratio', 'overhead expenses', 'interest expenses', 'recurring earnings', 'William Barton', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'first semester', 'OTCPK:UNBLF', 'simplicity sake', 'multi-billion transaction', 'synergy benefits', 'up version', 'Yahoo Finance', 'primary listing', 'ticker symbol', 'trading venue', 'mandatory closures', 'second quarter', 'financial performance', 'first quarter', 'COVID-related impact', 'second half', 'preceding semester', 'office properties', 'negative impact', 'major step', 'okay results', 'good results', 'US portfolio', 'sensitivity analysis', 'book value', 'zero data', 'hybrid securities', 'financial health', 'development pipeline', 'controlling interests', 'US assets', 'income-generating assets', 'US-based assets', 'COVID crisis', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Amsterdam listing', 'COVID level', 'H2 EPS', 'The REIT', 'weak result', 'annualized basis', 'positive guidance', 'optimistic scenario', '8.2-8.4 EUR', '3B EUR', '3.3B', '24 EUR', '6.91 EUR', 'Introduction', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'URMCY', 'issues', 'malls', 'square', 'URW', '750,000 shares', 'top', 'options', 'money', 'damage', 'end', 'Q2', 'FFO', 'H1', 'majority', '20% increase', 'excess', 'FY', 'mind', 'tune', 'instance', '200M', '620M', 'timing', 'plans', 'decade', 'secret', 'time', 'discount', 'sell', 'valuation', 'projects', 'assumptions', '212M', '250M', 'payments', 'stake', '4.65', '2.63', '7.25', '2022', '2024', '37']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,seekingalpha.com
2165,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.biospace.com/article/releases/press-release-euroapi-listing-on-euronext-paris-expected-on-may-6-2022/,Press Release: EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris expected on May 6  2022,1 day ago,EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris expected on May 6  2022French AMF approved EUROAPI’s listing prospectusEUROAPI first day of trading expected to occur on May 6  2022 subject to the approval of the Distribution by the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 3  2022Sanofi will host today a dedicated Capital Markets Day at 1:30 pm CET to present EUROAPI’s business in greater detailThe Distribution ratio will be one (1) EUROAPI share per twenty three (23) Sanofi sharesAfter the Distribution  Sanofi has confirmed its intention to hold circa 30% of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI  and EPIC Bpifrance  acting on behalf of the French State under the French Tech Sovereignty Convention of December 11  2020  would hold 12% of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI and circa 58% of EUROAPI’s shares will be distributed via a dividend in kind. L’Oréal  Sanofi’s largest shareholder  has committed to a lock-up period of 1 year following the settlement of the Distribution  i.e.  May 10  2022Paris  April 1  2022. Sanofi announced today that the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) has approved the listing prospectus prepared by EUROAPI in connection with the intended listing of its shares on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.On March 17th  2022  Sanofi’s Board of Directors unanimously decided to submit for approval to its shareholders the proposed distribution in kind (the “Distribution”) of EUROAPI shares  via an additional extraordinary dividend  exclusively in kind  in addition to the previously proposed €3.33 cash dividend per Sanofi share. The Distribution relates to circa 58% of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI. In connection with the proposed Distribution  EPIC Bpifrance has agreed to purchase 12% of EUROAPI shares1 from Sanofi  which confirmed its intention to hold circa 30% of the share capital and voting rights of the company after the Distribution.The Distribution by Sanofi to its shareholders of EUROAPI shares in the form of an additional extraordinary dividend  exclusively in kind  is subject to the shareholders’ approval at Sanofi’s May 3  2022 Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting.Subject to certain customary exceptions  the following lock-up periods have been agreed:2 years for Sanofi and EPIC Bpifrance following the settlement and delivery of the EUROAPI shares to be sold to EPIC Bpifrance; and1 year for L’Oréal  Sanofi’s largest shareholder and for Karl Rotthier  CEO of the Company  following the settlement of the Distribution.Main features of the Distribution are as follows:The Distribution ratio will be one (1) EUROAPI share per twenty three (23) Sanofi shares.No fractional EUROAPI shares will be issued. Any right to receive a fractional share will not be tradable or transferable. Consequently  when the amount of the Distribution to which a Sanofi shareholder is entitled does not correspond to a whole number of EUROAPI shares (i.e.  less than twenty three (23) or a multiple of twenty three (23) Sanofi shares)  the shareholder will receive the immediately lower number of EUROAPI shares  plus a cash payment for the whole of the balance arising from the price at which EUROAPI shares corresponding to fractional shares were sold. Each financial intermediary will sell the shares corresponding to the fractional shares of its entitled clients. As a result  the amount of the cash balance may vary depending on the shareholder’s financial intermediary;The technical reference price of EUROAPI shares is expected to be announced on May 5  2022 by Euronext Paris after market close;The admission to trading of the EUROAPI shares and the ex-date (détachement) of the Distribution will occur at 9.00 am (CET) on May 6  2022;The record date (the date on which positions are closed) for Sanofi shares to be eligible to the Distribution is scheduled on May 9  2022;Payment of the Distribution (delivery and book-entry of the allocated EUROAPI shares) will take place on May 10  2022.Following the Distribution and the purchase of 12% of EUROAPI shares by EPIC Bpifrance  the Sanofi group will no longer control EUROAPI  resulting in a slightly accretive impact on Sanofi 2022 business operating income (BOI) margin2.Documents related to Sanofi shareholders’ meeting will be made available on April 11  2022 on the Sanofi dedicated web page.Investors are invited to read EUROAPI’s press release  issued concurrently and available on EUROAPI’s website announcing the AMF’s approval of its prospectus  and the listing prospectus in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with any decision to invest in EUROAPI shares. EUROAPI draws attention to the risk factors contained in Chapter 3 and Section 22.2 of the listing prospectus. The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a significant adverse effect on the business  reputation  financial condition  results of operations or prospects of EUROAPI  as well as on the market price of EUROAPI’s shares.For information on the tax treatment of the Distribution  shareholders are invited to read Paragraph 22.1.6 of the listing prospectus.Copies of the French-language listing prospectus  approved by the AMF on March 31  2022 under number 22-076  are available free of charge and on request from EUROAPI at EUROAPI’s registered office  15 rue Traversière  75012 Paris  France  as well as on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  Sanofi (https://www.sanofi.com) and EUROAPI (listing.euroapi.com). An English-language information document for non-French resident shareholders of Sanofi is also available on Sanofi’s and EUROAPI’s website.BNP Paribas  BofA Securities Europe SA  and J.P. Morgan SE are acting as Lead ECM Advisors to EUROAPI and Sanofi and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  Deutsche Bank  Natixis SA and Société Générale are acting as Other ECM Advisors in the contemplated listing. Rothschild & Co. is acting as independent financial adviser to Sanofi and EUROAPI. Jones Day is acting as a legal advisor to EUROAPI and Sanofi in connection with the Distribution  and White & Case as legal advisor to the Lead ECM Advisors.Capital Markets Day detailsToday  Sanofi will host a EUROAPI-dedicated Capital Markets Day at 1:30 pm CET and will cover the following topics:Execution of the Play to Win strategy with the spin-off of EUROAPIMain features of the DistributionSanofi’s long-term commitment to EUROAPI: strong business relationship and future ownership structure alongside with EPIC BpifranceEUROAPI’s deconsolidation impact for SanofiPresentation of EUROAPI  including its business model  strategy and guidance.For background slides and webcast information  please refer to the following link on Sanofi website:https://www.sanofi.com/en/investors/financial-results-and-events/investor-presentations/Capital-Markets-Day-on-Euroapi-Webinar-2022.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor Relationsinvestor.relations@sanofi.comFrance: + 33 1 53 77 45 45 | U.S.: + 1 908 981 5560Shareholders hotlineFrance : + 33 8 05 29 21 06International : + 33 9 86 87 80 65NoticeThis press release is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and shares of EUROAPI will be distributed in circumstances that do not constitute “an offer to the public” within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. This press release constitutes an advertisement for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation relating to the intention of EUROAPI to proceed with its proposed listing on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (the “Admission”). This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in France  the United Kingdom  the United States of America  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdiction. No communication and no information in respect of the dividend distribution of the shares of EUROAPI (the “Shares”) may be sent to the public in any jurisdiction where a registration or approval is required. Any distribution of the Shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Neither Sanofi nor EUROAPI assumes any responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. Further details about the Admission are included in the listing prospectus issued by EUROAPI (the “Prospectus”). Investors should read the Prospectus in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with any decision to invest in the Shares  including the risk factors included in the Prospectus. The approval of the Prospectus by the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) should not be understood as an endorsement of the quality of the Shares and/or EUROAPI  including its financial position.The ECM Advisors are acting exclusively for EUROAPI and Sanofi and no one else in connection with the contemplated distribution and listing and will not regard any other person as their respective clients and will not be responsible to anyone other than EUROAPI and Sanofi for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients in connection with any distribution of shares of EUROAPI or otherwise  nor for providing any advice in relation to the distribution of shares  the content of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein. None of the ECM Advisors or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from this press release) or any other information relating to EUROAPI  Sanofi  their respective subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Notice to holders of American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”)As the record holder for all Sanofi shares represented by ADRs  JP Morgan  as Depositary  will receive shares of EUROAPI in the Distribution on behalf of Sanofi’s ADR holders. The Depositary has deemed that the distribution of EUROAPI shares to ADR holders is not feasible. Accordingly  pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement between the Depositary  Sanofi and the owners and beneficial owners of American Depositary Receipts  the Depositary will sell the EUROAPI shares and distribute the net cash proceeds of the sale to ADR holders on the relevant record date.Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things Sanofi’s and EUROAPI’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions (notably the planned distribution of 58% of EUROAPI share capital and its listing on the regulated market of Euronext Paris) and/or obtain regulatory clearances  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 and recent armed conflicts will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 or recent armed conflicts on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statementsRoundingCertain calculated figures (including data expressed in thousands or millions) and percentages presented in this press release have been rounded. Where applicable  the totals presented in this this press release may slightly differ from the totals that would have been obtained by adding the exact amounts (not rounded) for these calculated figures. They may also differ from the figures that are not rounded presented in the Prospectus.1 EPIC Bpifrance has agreed to purchase 12% in EUROAPI shares from Sanofi for up to €150 million  with the acquisition price to be determined based upon the thirty day volume weighted average trading price (“VWAP”) of EUROAPI’s shares on Euronext Paris  starting on the first day of trading.2 Business Operating Income margin is a non GAAP indicator  for a definition see Form 20-F 2021 Item 5 A.1.5. 2/ p55.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Press Release', 'EUROAPI listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'May', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Tech Sovereignty Convention', 'Sanofi dedicated web page', 'dedicated Capital Markets Day', 'twenty three (23) Sanofi shares', 'Sanofi 2022 business operating income', 'L’Oréal', 'significant adverse effect', 'following lock-up periods', 'additional extraordinary dividend', 'EUROAPI first day', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'technical reference price', 'Sanofi shareholders’ meeting', 'one (1) EUROAPI share', 'fractional EUROAPI shares', 'March 17th', 'French State', 'French AMF', 'share capital', 'fractional share', '€3.33 cash dividend', 'Sanofi group', 'greater detail', 'voting rights', 'EPIC Bpifrance', 'intended listing', 'customary exceptions', 'Karl Rotthier', 'Main features', 'financial intermediary', 'entitled clients', 'détachement', 'accretive impact', 'BOI) margin', 'press release', 'risk factors', 'financial condition', 'tax treatment', 'listing prospectus', 'Euronext Paris', 'EUROAPI listing', 'EUROAPI shares1', 'regulated market', 'market price', 'largest shareholder', 'lower number', 'cash payment', 'cash balance', 'record date', 'potential risks', 'shareholders’ approval', 'Distribution ratio', 'The Distribution', 'May', 'trading', 'intention', 'behalf', 'December', 'kind', '1 year', 'settlement', 'April', 'connection', 'Board', 'Directors', 'company', 'form', '2022 Ordinary', '2 years', 'delivery', 'CEO', 'amount', 'result', 'admission', 'ex-date', 'CET', 'positions', 'book-entry', 'place', 'purchase', 'Documents', 'Investors', 'website', 'order', 'rewards', 'decision', 'attention', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'occurrence', 'reputation', 'operations', 'prospects', '1:30', '9.00']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,biospace.com
2166,EuroNext,Google API,https://stockhouse.com/news/press-releases/2022/04/01/wolters-kluwer-names-dave-guarino-vp-global-communications,Wolters Kluwer names Dave Guarino VP Global Communications,1 day ago,"Wolters Kluwer names Dave GuarinoVP Global CommunicationsApril 01  2022 — Wolters Kluwer (AEX: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today announced the appointment of Dave Guarino as Vice President  Global Communications. Based in New York  Mr. Guarino will have overall communications responsibility for the Dutch-based technology company.""We are thrilled that Dave has joined Wolters Kluwer in this key  newly created role ” said Caroline Wouters  SVP and Chief Corporate Brand and Communications Officer. “He comes at the perfect moment to drive global communications efforts that advance our recently announced three-year company strategy  Elevate our Value. With his extensive global experience  Dave will be instrumental in executing the company’s strategic priorities and identifying new opportunities in both internal and external communications.”Mr. Guarino has a strong track record as an innovative communications leader in large global organizations. He joins Wolters Kluwer from S&P Global  a leading data and information services company  where he served as Chief Communications Officer. Prior to holding senior communications roles within S&P  Mr. Guarino worked at UBS and the New York Life Insurance Company. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from The University of Scranton.“For 186 years  Wolters Kluwer’s products and services have served as the backbone for smart and more insightful decision making ” said Mr. Guarino. “And today  this pioneering spirit is embedded not just within the company culture  but in how its groundbreaking innovations impact lives and shape society. I’m honored to join the many great innovators and leaders at Wolters Kluwer as we continue to enhance the way professionals do business and solve their most complex problems.”About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactsErica Glass (US) Gerbert van Genderen Stort (Europe/Asia) Corporate Communications Corporate Communications Tel: (516) 238-2280 Tel: +31 172 64 1230 press@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation: general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Certain trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.3,0.4,True,English,"['Dave Guarino VP Global Communications', 'Wolters Kluwer names', 'New York Life Insurance Company', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Gerbert van Genderen Stort', 'Corporate Communications Corporate Communications', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Dave GuarinoVP Global Communications', 'Chief Corporate Brand', 'overall communications responsibility', 'strong track record', 'senior communications roles', 'insightful decision making', 'many great innovators', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global communications efforts', 'extensive global experience', 'large global organizations', 'new ICT systems', 'three-year company strategy', 'innovative communications leader', 'Chief Communications Officer', 'global leading provider', 'Dutch-based technology company', 'general economic conditions', 'S&P Global', 'Wolters Kluwer names', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'information services company', 'global leader', 'new information', 'external communications', 'new opportunities', 'company culture', 'leading data', 'specialized technology', 'professional information', 'U.S.', 'expert solutions', 'Vice President', 'Mr. Guarino', 'Caroline Wouters', 'perfect moment', 'strategic priorities', 'Science degree', 'pioneering spirit', 'groundbreaking innovations', 'complex problems', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'Media Contacts', 'Erica Glass', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'The University', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'April', 'AEX', 'WKL', 'insights', 'professionals', 'appointment', 'key', 'SVP', 'Value', 'internal', 'UBS', 'Bachelor', 'Scranton', '186 years', 'products', 'backbone', 'smart', 'lives', 'society', 'leaders', 'way', 'business', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', 'operations', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '31']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,stockhouse.com
2167,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.hellenicshippingnews.com/oslo-tops-chart-for-shipping-listings/,Oslo tops chart for shipping listings,1 day ago,Øivind Amundsen  CEO of the Oslo Børs  the Norwegian Stock Exchange  part of the Euronext Group  ‘shares’ his thoughts on why Norway offers an unmatched infrastructure for raising capital amid a market uptick in new listing sectors like containers and car carriers.Oslo Børs has firmly cemented its position as the world’s leading maritime and shipping exchange. It now hosts around 40 top maritime companies that boast a combined market cap of close to €20bn. Up from less than 30 companies just a few years ago  these entities also raise large amounts of money through follow-on offerings and the Oslo Børs bond markets.Just in the past 12 months  five new shipping companies have joined the roster despite ongoing pandemic challenges. The latest to ring the bell were Gram Car Carriers and LNG carrier Cool Company in January  Höegh Autoliners and dry-bulk newcomer Himalaya Shipping just before Christmas  and Western Bulk Chart and HAV Group in September and March 2021  respectively.Shipping speciality“To my knowledge  no other stock exchange boasts so many shipping companies  making shipping one of our three strongest verticals alongside energy and fisheries ” says Amundsen.Most are Norwegian-owned  but considered international as they are typically incorporated abroad. Sixteen of the 40 companies are incorporated outside Norway. Wilhelmsen Group is an example of a local stalwart that has been listed for many years. “We also have fully international companies with little connection to Norway today in principle. BW Group of Singapore  for example  has a strong presence with five listed arms  including BW Epic Kosan and BW LPG ” says Amundsen.Investors speak shippingThey are attracted by Norway’s knowledgeable financial ecosystem  including well-informed investors. “Coming here you don’t have to explain what a VLCC or a supramax is. They might be arcane terms anywhere else  but in Oslo most investors know what you’re talking about immediately ” says Amundsen.He highlights MPC Container Ships to illustrate the user benefits of Norway’s savvy investor base  as well as how a company can mature from the Oslo Børs’ junior to senior markets. “Based in Germany  they first listed on our OTC platform a few years ago when the box market was at rock bottom. They soon progressed to our Growth then Expand markets  and within the past 12 months to our main market and main index. I doubt that journey could be replicated as smoothly elsewhere.”The shipping capital markets are emerging from a multiyear lull  with significant pick-up in new sectors like containers and car carriers. “I hope that continues  but I have no crystal ball regarding future developments. Macro events have an impact on shipping of course  with tanker and gas rates likely to rise given the need for more energy shipments in the wake of war in Ukraine  for example. But everything changes over time  which explains the cyclical nature of shipping ” Amundsen says.Increased liquidity and solid returnsLiquidity in shipping shares has also surged  with larger companies like Wallenius Wilhelmsen  Stolt-Nielsen  Golden Ocean and FLEX LNG now qualifying for blue-chip indices such as the benchmark OSEBX. “Our Oslo Shipping Index with component companies in many segments has increased in value by just north of 50% in the last 12 months  on the back of solid earnings and increased interest. It maybe doesn’t quite mirror the good times before 2008 when the offshore focus was greater  but it’s very encouraging ” says Amundsen.Decarbonisation tops agendaMeanwhile  the industry faces an unprecedented paradigm shift given the IM0’s target to achieve a 50% reduction in emissions by 2050  upcoming EEXI and CII regulations and the Fit for 55 package of legislative proposals in Europe.“Most shipping companies will have to go through a decarbonization process that will require enormous capital in the coming years. Many new entrants and existing issuers have already committed significant CAPEX to upgrade existing tonnage  order environmentally friendly vessels  energy-efficient propulsion technologies  and  not least  digitalize. They are increasingly highlighting these efforts in their investor pitches  and Oslo Børs will be a key enabler ” Amundsen says. “We will also continue to champion transparency across the capital markets.”Shipping companies have also issued green bonds  some with stringent emission reporting requirements and variable interest payments tied to them. “This trend will continue to develop as companies seek various forms of financing and investors seek instruments with a clear ‘ESG’ link ” he adds.Staying ahead of the gameThe transition to clean fuels is a big change requiring new thinking across the board. Shipping companies are obliged to comply with mandatory requirements  but many want to future-proof in any case. “It makes good commercial sense  as those in the front line will be better equipped to win business and good charters in future. If you don’t move with the times  you lose ground ” Amundsen says.Institutional investors (such as pension and insurance funds  among others) account for 90% of the market cap on Oslo Børs and have their own ESG imperatives to invest in companies actively participating in the green shift  not just ‘greenwashing’. “We will launch the OBX ESG index to help drive investment towards sustainable projects ” Amundsen says.Door is open for suppliers“We would also like see more technology vendors and service providers execute listings and raise funds ” he adds  highlighting equipment specialist TECO 2030  which listed on the Euronext Growth in late 2020  as a good example of a supply-side innovator making the most the financial community’s growing interest in cleantech value creation.Another key selling point is that Norway remains buoyant in analyst coverage  versus Asia and the US where it has reduced in recent years. “We have the highest number of analysts covering shipping stocks and they always do well in global rankings. High-quality coverage is a big draw ” he says.Nor-Shipping bolsters networkNor-Shipping is very important for Euronext. “We opted to become a partner because  as the world’s pre-eminent industry meeting it’s the best place to catch up with existing customers and describe what Euronext and the Norwegian market can offer to prospective new issuers. Raising risk capital especially in a cyclical industry like shipping is easier here than many other markets  again because shipping is in Norway’s DNA ” Amundsen says.He is very much looking forward to meeting old friends and faces out and about next week. “It’s going to be a hectic few days  but I’m ready and excited. Being an ambassador for the exchange gives me a lot of energy ” he concludes.Source: Nor-Shipping,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,mixed,0.43,0.19,0.39,True,English,"['Oslo tops chart', 'shipping listings', 'Oslo Børs bond markets', 'stringent emission reporting requirements', 'Oslo Børs’ junior', 'dry-bulk newcomer Himalaya Shipping', 'LNG carrier Cool Company', 'five new shipping companies', 'five listed arms', 'ongoing pandemic challenges', 'Höegh Autoliners', 'Western Bulk Chart', 'three strongest verticals', 'knowledgeable financial ecosystem', 'MPC Container Ships', 'unprecedented paradigm shift', 'environmentally friendly vessels', 'energy-efficient propulsion technologies', 'clear ‘ESG’ link', 'Norwegian Stock Exchange', 'other stock exchange', 'savvy investor base', 'BW Epic Kosan', 'good commercial sense', 'new listing sectors', 'Many new entrants', 'variable interest payments', 'Oslo Shipping Index', 'Gram Car Carriers', '40 top maritime companies', 'many shipping companies', 'Most shipping companies', 'shipping capital markets', 'new sectors', 'FLEX LNG', 'mandatory requirements', 'shipping exchange', 'new thinking', 'senior markets', 'leading maritime', 'many years', 'main index', 'many segments', 'investor pitches', 'BW Group', 'BW LPG', 'good charters', 'Shipping speciality', 'shipping shares', 'international companies', 'larger companies', 'component companies', 'Euronext Group', 'unmatched infrastructure', 'market uptick', 'market cap', 'large amounts', 'past 12 months', 'HAV Group', 'Wilhelmsen Group', 'local stalwart', 'little connection', 'strong presence', 'arcane terms', 'user benefits', 'OTC platform', 'box market', 'rock bottom', 'main market', 'multiyear lull', 'significant pick-up', 'crystal ball', 'Macro events', 'gas rates', 'cyclical nature', 'solid returns', 'Wallenius Wilhelmsen', 'Golden Ocean', 'blue-chip indices', 'last 12 months', 'solid earnings', 'offshore focus', 'upcoming EEXI', 'CII regulations', 'legislative proposals', 'decarbonization process', 'enormous capital', 'coming years', 'existing issuers', 'significant CAPEX', 'existing tonnage', 'key enabler', 'green bonds', 'various forms', 'clean fuels', 'big change', 'front line', 'most investors', 'good times', 'future developments', 'energy shipments', 'Increased liquidity', 'Institutional investors', 'Øivind Amundsen', '30 companies', '40 companies', 'CEO', 'part', 'thoughts', 'Norway', 'containers', 'position', 'world', 'combined', 'less', 'entities', 'money', 'offerings', 'roster', 'bell', 'January', 'Christmas', 'September', 'March', 'fisheries', 'example', 'principle', 'Singapore', 'VLCC', 'supramax', 'Germany', 'Growth', 'journey', 'impact', 'course', 'tanker', 'need', 'wake', 'Ukraine', 'everything', 'Stolt-Nielsen', 'benchmark', 'OSEBX.', 'value', 'back', 'Decarbonisation', 'agenda', 'industry', 'IM0', 'target', '50% reduction', 'emissions', '55 package', 'Europe', 'efforts', 'transparency', 'trend', 'financing', 'instruments', 'game', 'transition', 'board', 'case', 'business', 'ground', 'pensio', '2050']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,hellenicshippingnews.com
2168,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.etfstrategy.com/wisdomtree-unveils-cardano-solana-and-polkadot-crypto-etps-10339/,WisdomTree unveils Cardano  Solana  and Polkadot crypto ETPs,1 day ago,ETF STRATEGY NEWS! ETF Strategy is delighted to announce the launch of ETF Strategy Hub (hub.etfstrategy.com)  an on-demand repository of webcasts  videos  podcasts and white papers. Debuting with Special Series on Technology & Innovation in China and the Digital Economy.WisdomTree has added a trio of directly backed altcoin ETPs to its digital assets suite in Europe.The new listings provide exposure to ADA  SOL  and MATIC  the native tokens underpinning the Solana  Cardano  and Polkadot networks  respectively.The WisdomTree Cardano ETP (ADAW)  WisdomTree Solana ETP (SOLW)  and WisdomTree Polkadot ETP (DOTW) have been listed on SIX Swiss Exchange in US dollars and Swiss francs  on Euronext Amsterdam in US dollars  and on Euronext Paris and Deutsche Börse Xetra in euros.The ETPs enable investors to access popular altcoins without the need to hold them directly  store private access keys  or interact with the blockchain or digital currency infrastructure in any way.They use full direct  so-called ‘physical’ replication with each ETP share being 100% collateralized by a corresponding investment in ADA  SOL  or MATIC. Investors in the ETPs benefit from institutional-grade cold storage solutions without the need to personally set up the arrangement with a custodian.According to WisdomTree  the ETPs also offer the potential to deliver ‘staking’ rewards to investors. Staking is a way of earning income for holding certain cryptocurrencies that work on a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism. Proof-of-stake mechanisms put their underlying cryptocurrency to work in verifying and securing transactions on the blockchain. Investors who choose to take part in this process ‘stake’ their cryptocurrency holdings and earn rewards for doing so.Each ETP comes with an expense ratio of 0.95% WisdomTree now offers eight directly backed crypto asset ETPs in Europe. Aside from the current listings  the suite also comprises Bitcoin and Ethereum products as well as three ETPs  launched in December 2021  providing exposure to mega-cap  broad market  and altcoin baskets of cryptocurrencies.Jason Guthrie  Head of Digital Assets  Europe  WisdomTree  said: “We want to provide investors with a range of crypto asset exposures  whether that be through diversified baskets or single trackers. A key component of our approach is launching strategies that will resonate with institutional investors. These need to be crypto assets that are liquid enough for institutional use  are supported by ETP market participants  and have clear use cases. As the crypto asset market evolves  so too will the ETP ecosystem which is needed for more institutional adoption. We will continue to enhance and expand our product range  supporting investors on their journey into crypto assets”.Alexis Marinof  Head of Europe  WisdomTree  added: “Digital assets are an exciting and growing asset class which is continuing to capture the imagination of investors. Interesting and different use cases for the likes of Cardano  Solana  and Polkadot represent the next stage of evolution for this young asset class. While Bitcoin and Ethereum grab the headlines  altcoins are now viable options for many institutional investors  providing more options to diversify their crypto holdings just like they would with any other asset class.”CardanoCardano  developed by Ethereum co-founder Charles Hoskinson  is a smart contract platform enabling developers to build decentralized applications.Unlike other leading smart contract platforms such as Ethereum  Cardano powers its transaction settlement using a proof-of-stake algorithm  a structure considered less risky in terms of the potential for miners to attack the network.With a total market capitalization of $38.2 billion  ADA is currently ranked as the eighth-largest cryptocurrency globally.SolanaSolana  launched in March 2020  is a highly functional open-source project providing decentralized finance solutions.Solana’s main innovation is its proof-of-history consensus which leads to incredibly short validation times of less than half a second (compared to 15 seconds for Ethereum and around 10 minutes for Bitcoin) and allows the blockchain to handle thousands of transactions per second.The protocol is designed in such a way as to have low transaction costs while still guaranteeing speed and scalability.Due to its lightning-fast validation times  Solana has attracted a lot of institutional interest  and SOL is currently the sixth-largest cryptocurrency globally with a total market capitalization of $40.2bn.PolkadotPolkadot is a blockchain of blockchains  allowing otherwise independent blockchains to communicate with each other  share security features  and transfer assets freely amongst themselves.The DOT token serves two vital roles in the system – it is designed to participate in governance decisions  including tabling proposals and voting  and it is used as an electronic payment system.With a current market capitalization of $21.0bn  DOT is the eleventh-largest cryptocurrency globally.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.18,0.31,True,English,"['crypto ETPs', 'WisdomTree', 'Cardano', 'Solana', 'Polkadot', 'other leading smart contract platforms', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'institutional-grade cold storage solutions', 'backed crypto asset ETPs', 'other asset class', 'The WisdomTree Cardano ETP', 'growing asset class', 'young asset class', 'private access keys', 'mega-cap, broad market', 'total market capitalization', 'functional open-source project', 'decentralized finance solutions', 'short validation times', 'lightning-fast validation times', 'two vital roles', 'crypto asset exposures', 'crypto asset market', 'clear use cases', 'different use cases', 'ETP market participants', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'low transaction costs', 'current market capitalization', 'digital currency infrastructure', 'ETF STRATEGY NEWS', 'ETF Strategy Hub', 'The DOT token', 'electronic payment system', 'stake consensus mechanism', 'many institutional investors', 'digital assets suite', 'WisdomTree Polkadot ETP', 'WisdomTree Solana ETP', 'The ETPs', 'institutional use', 'crypto assets', 'crypto holdings', 'ETP share', 'ETP ecosystem', 'Swiss francs', 'current listings', 'decentralized applications', 'transaction settlement', 'history consensus', 'Digital Economy', 'stake mechanisms', 'stake algorithm', 'institutional adoption', 'institutional interest', 'white papers', 'Special Series', 'altcoin ETPs', 'new listings', 'native tokens', 'US dollars', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical’ replication', 'corresponding investment', 'underlying cryptocurrency', 'cryptocurrency holdings', 'expense ratio', 'three ETPs', 'altcoin baskets', 'Jason Guthrie', 'diversified baskets', 'single trackers', 'key component', 'Alexis Marinof', 'next stage', 'Charles Hoskinson', 'largest cryptocurrency', 'half a', 'security features', 'governance decisions', 'Cardano Cardano', 'Polkadot networks', 'popular altcoins', 'product range', 'viable options', 'main innovation', 'independent blockchains', 'Ethereum products', 'Solana Solana', 'staking’ rewards', 'launch', 'etfstrategy', 'demand', 'repository', 'webcasts', 'videos', 'podcasts', 'Technology', 'China', 'trio', 'Europe', 'ADA', 'MATIC', 'SOLW', 'DOTW', 'euros', 'need', 'way', 'arrangement', 'custodian', 'potential', 'income', 'cryptocurrencies', 'proof', 'transactions', 'process', 'eight', 'Bitcoin', 'December', 'Head', 'approach', 'strategies', 'journey', 'exciting', 'imagination', 'Interesting', 'likes', 'evolution', 'founder', 'developers', 'terms', 'miners', 'March', 'less', '15 seconds', '10 minutes', 'thousands', 'protocol', 'speed', 'scalability', 'lot', 'sixth', 'proposals', 'voting']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,etfstrategy.com
2169,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2022/04/01/euronext-otcmktseuxtf-receives-104-00-average-target-price-from-analysts/,Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF) Receives $104.00 Average Target Price from Analysts,Shares of Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF – Get Rating) have received an average rating of “Buy” from the six research firms that are currently covering the company  MarketBeat reports. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company.,Shares of Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF – Get Rating) have received an average rating of “Buy” from the six research firms that are currently covering the company  MarketBeat reports. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price target among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $104.00.Several equities analysts have issued reports on the company. HSBC raised Euronext from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $104.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday  December 16th. Barclays initiated coverage on Euronext in a report on Thursday  February 3rd. They set an “equal weight” rating on the stock.Get Euronext alerts:Shares of EUXTF stock traded up $3.00 during mid-day trading on Friday  hitting $94.25. 100 shares of the stock were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 1 048. The stock’s fifty day simple moving average is $93.03 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is $102.68. Euronext has a 12-month low of $84.46 and a 12-month high of $121.53.Euronext N.V.  together with its subsidiaries  operates securities and derivatives exchanges in Continental Europe  Ireland  and Norway. The company offers a range of exchange and corporate services  including security listings  cash and derivatives trading  and market data dissemination. It also provides listing venues and cash equities trading venues; and various marketplaces  including multilateral trading facilities for investors  broker-dealers  and other market participants to meet directly to buy and sell cash equities  fixed income securities  and exchange traded products.Further ReadingWant More Great Investing Ideas?Receive News & Ratings for Euronext Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Euronext and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['00 Average Target Price', 'Euronext', 'OTCMKTS', 'EUXTF', 'Analysts', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'More Great Investing Ideas', 'average 1-year price target', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'cash equities trading venues', 'six research firms', 'market data dissemination', 'other market participants', 'concise daily summary', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'equal weight” rating', 'Several equities analysts', 'fixed income securities', 'Euronext N.V.', 'average rating', 'average volume', '$104.00 price objective', 'listing venues', 'email address', 'mid-day trading', 'derivatives trading', 'Euronext Daily', 'Get Rating', 'hold” rating', 'Two analysts', 'hold recommendation', 'last year', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'derivatives exchanges', 'Continental Europe', 'corporate services', 'security listings', 'various marketplaces', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'buy” rating', 'buy recommendation', 'MarketBeat reports', 'Euronext alerts', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'EUXTF stock', 'Shares', 'OTCMKTS', 'company', 'coverage', 'HSBC', 'Thursday', 'December', 'Barclays', 'February', 'Friday', 'subsidiaries', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'range', 'investors', 'broker-dealers', 'traded', 'products', 'Reading']",2022-04-01,2022-04-02,etfdailynews.com
2170,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Sanofi To List Drug Ingredient Spin-Off EUROAPI On Euronext Paris in May https://t.co/jwhEJY7Vpg https://t.co/gYyYcsY45P,nan,Sanofi To List Drug Ingredient Spin-Off EUROAPI On Euronext Paris in May https://t.co/jwhEJY7Vpg https://t.co/gYyYcsY45P,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Drug Ingredient Spin', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'May', 'Drug Ingredient Spin', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'May']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,Unknown
2171,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Sanofi reported that EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris expected on May 6  2022 https://t.co/3PQ9lXbp20,nan,#Sanofi reported that EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris expected on May 6  2022 https://t.co/3PQ9lXbp20,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['EUROAPI listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'May', 'PQ9lXbp20', 'EUROAPI listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'May', 'PQ9lXbp20']",2022-04-02,2022-04-02,Unknown
