UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
29949,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740180/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-09-15BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3112. SE0008014062. 2026-06-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104  SE0000556599  2028-12-01 Bid date2023-09-15Bid......,Bid procedure  2023-09-15 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3112. SE0008014062. 2026-06-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104  SE0000556599  2028-12-01Bid date 2023-09-15 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3112: 250 million SEK +/-250 million SEK3104: 150 million SEK +/-150 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3112: 250 million SEK per bid3104: 150 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-09-19 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-09-08This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'Swedish language version', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '250 million SEK', '150 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'allocation', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29950,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/INDIA-BONDS-India-bond-yields-trend-down-debt-auction-key-trigger--44799197/,INDIA BONDS-India bond yields trend down  debt auction key trigger,(marketscreener.com) Indian government bond yieldswere a tad lower as sentiment remained supported afterThursday's fall  but major moves were unlikely as the marketawaited fresh debt supply through a weekly auction. The benchmark 7.26% 2033 bond yield was…,"MUMBAI  Sept 8 (Reuters) - Indian government bond yields were a tad lower as sentiment remained supported after Thursday's fall  but major moves were unlikely as the market awaited fresh debt supply through a weekly auction.The benchmark 7.26% 2033 bond yield was at 7.1686% as of 10:00 a.m. IST after ending the previous session at 7.1772%.New Delhi aims to raise 330 billion rupees ($3.97 billion) through the sale of bonds later in the day. The auction includes 140 billion rupees of 10-year 7.18% 2033 paper  which will soon replace the existing benchmark bond.""As expected  the benchmark is unable to break past the crucial 7.15% level and if demand at auction indicates weakness  we could see some selloff in the later half of the trading session "" a trader with a state-run bank said.Bond yields had eased on Thursday on reports the Reserve Bank of India has sought feedback from some banks on the settlement of Indian bonds via the Euroclear platform.This could potentially increase activity from foreign participants  which boosted sentiment and led to a rally in bond prices.Meanwhile  the 10-year U.S. yield moved towards 4.20% and the benchmark Brent crude contract inched below the critical $90 per mark  which is also helping sentiment.Traders also awaited the central bank's decision on the extension or discontinuation of its temporary liquidity withdrawal step.The RBI may ask lenders to continue maintaining the incremental cash reserve ratio (ICRR) for another two fortnights with a reduction in proportion to 5%-8%  traders said.In August  the RBI asked banks to hold an ICRR of 10% on the increase in deposits between May 19 and July 28.Focus will also remain on domestic inflation data  due on Tuesday. India's retail inflation spiked to a 15-month high of 7.44% in July from 4.87% in June. A Reuters poll predicts the August reading at 7%.($1 = 83.1700 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Dharamraj Dhutia; Editing by Sohini Goswami)",neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,positive,0.59,0.25,0.16,True,English,"['INDIA BONDS-India bond yields', 'debt auction key trigger', 'temporary liquidity withdrawal step', 'incremental cash reserve ratio', 'benchmark Brent crude contract', '10-year U.S. yield', 'Indian government bond yields', 'benchmark 7.26% 2033 bond yield', 'fresh debt supply', 'existing benchmark bond', 'domestic inflation data', 'A Reuters poll', '10-year 7.18% 2033 paper', 'Reserve Bank', 'bond prices', '83.1700 Indian rupees', 'retail inflation', 'Indian bonds', 'major moves', 'previous session', 'New Delhi', '330 billion rupees', '140 billion rupees', 'crucial 7.15% level', 'later half', 'trading session', 'state-run bank', 'Euroclear platform', 'foreign participants', 'central bank', 'two fortnights', 'Dharamraj Dhutia', 'Sohini Goswami', 'The RBI', 'August reading', 'weekly auction', '10:00 a', 'MUMBAI', 'sentiment', 'Thursday', 'fall', 'market', 'sale', 'demand', 'weakness', 'selloff', 'trader', 'reports', 'feedback', 'banks', 'settlement', 'activity', 'rally', 'critical $90', 'decision', 'extension', 'discontinuation', 'lenders', 'ICRR', 'reduction', 'proportion', 'increase', 'deposits', 'May', 'July', 'Focus', 'Tuesday', '15-month', 'June', 'Editing', '4.']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29951,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SYNTHOMER-PLC-4002472/news/Synthomer-Prospectus-including-Shareholder-Circular-containing-notice-of-General-Meeting-44803320/,Synthomer : Prospectus (including Shareholder Circular containing notice of General Meeting) -Yesterday at 08:19 am,(marketscreener.com)    THIS DOCUMENT AND ANY ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTS ARE IMPORTANT AND REQUIRE YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial advice immediately from y…,"THIS DOCUMENT AND ANY ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTS ARE IMPORTANT AND REQUIRE YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant  fund manager or other appropriate independent financial adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (""FSMA"") if you are resident in the United Kingdom or  if not  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. This document  which comprises: (i) a simplified prospectus for the purposes of Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended  relating to Synthomer plc (the ""Company"" or ""Synthomer"") and prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (""FCA"") made under section 73A of FSMA (the ""Prospectus Regulation Rules""); and (ii) a circular prepared in accordance with the Listing Rules of the FCA made under section 73A of FSMA. This document has been approved by the FCA  as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  in accordance with section 87A of FSMA and made available to the public in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation Rules. The FCA only approves this document as meeting the standards of completeness  comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this document or of the quality of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and/or the Fully Paid Rights that are the subject matter of this document. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and/or the Fully Paid Rights. If you sell or transfer  or have sold or otherwise transferred  all of your Existing Ordinary Shares (other than ex-rights) held in certificated form before 8:00 a.m. on 28 September 2023 (being the ""Ex-RightsDate"")  please send this document  together with the Provisional Allotment Letter (if applicable and when received)  as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee  or to the bank  stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer will be or was effected for onward delivery to the transferee  except that such documents should not be distributed  forwarded to or transmitted in or into any jurisdiction where to do so might constitute a violation of registration or of other local securities laws or regulations including  but not limited to  Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Singapore  the United Arab Emirates and the United States (subject to certain limited exceptions)  and any other jurisdiction where the extension or availability of the Rights Issue (and any other transaction contemplated thereby) would breach any applicable law or regulation (the ""Excluded Territories""). If you sell or transfer  or have sold or otherwise transferred  only part of your holding of Existing Ordinary Shares (other than ex-rights) held in certificated form before the Ex-Rights Date  you should refer to the instruction regarding split applications in Part VII (Terms and Conditions of the Capital Reorganisation and the Rights Issue) of this document and in the Provisional Allotment Letter. If you sell or transfer  or have sold or otherwise transferred  all or some of your Existing Ordinary Shares (other than ex-rights) held in uncertificated form before the Ex-Rights Date  a claim transaction will automatically be generated by Euroclear UK & International Limited (""Euroclear UK"")  the operator of CREST  which  on settlement  will transfer the appropriate number of Nil Paid Rights to the purchaser or transferee. The directors of the Company  whose names appear on page 43 of this document (the ""Directors"")  and the Company accept responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge of the Directors and the Company  the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and this document makes no omission likely to affect its import. The distribution of this document  any other offering or publicity material relating to the Rights Issue  the Capital Reorganisation and/or any Provisional Allotment Letter and/or the transfer of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and/or the Fully Paid Rights into jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law or regulation  and therefore persons into whose possession this document and/or accompanying documents come should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  such documents should not be distributed in  forwarded to or transmitted in or into any of the Excluded Territories. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws or regulations of any such jurisdictions. SYNTHOMER PLC (incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with registered number 00098381) Proposed 6 for 1 Rights Issue of 140 200 818 New Ordinary Shares at 197 pence per New Ordinary Share Proposed Capital Reorganisation of 1 New Ordinary Share of 1 pence nominal value for every 20 Existing Ordinary Shares of 10 pence nominal value Notice of General Meeting J.P. Morgan Cazenove Sponsor  Joint Global Co-ordinator and Joint Bookrunner Goldman Sachs International Morgan Stanley Joint Global Co-ordinator and Joint Joint Global Co-ordinator and Joint Bookrunner Bookrunner Citigroup Joint BookrunnerThe Existing Ordinary Shares have been admitted to the premium listing segment of the official list maintained by the FCA pursuant to FSMA (the ""Official List"") and to trading on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange. Application will be made to the FCA for the Consolidated Ordinary Shares and the New Ordinary Shares (nil and fully paid up) to be admitted to the premium listing segment of the Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for the New Ordinary Shares to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's main market for listed securities (""Admission""). It is expected that admission of the Nil Paid Rights on the premium listing segment of the Official List and to trading on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange (""Admission of the Nil Paid Rights"") will become effective  and dealings in the New Ordinary Shares  nil paid  on the London Stock Exchange's main market for listed securities will commence  at 8:00 a.m. on 28 September 2023 and that dealings in the New Ordinary Shares  fully paid  on the London Stock Exchange's main market for listed securities will commence at 8:00 a.m. on 13 October 2023. You should read the whole of this document  including the information incorporated by reference into this document and any accompanying document. Your attention is drawn to the letter from the Chair of Synthomer  which is set out in Part V (Letter from the Chair of Synthomer plc) of this document and which contains a recommendation from the Board that you vote in favour of the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting referred to below. Your attention is also drawn to the Risk Factors set out on pages 11 to 36 of this document and which include a discussion of certain risks and uncertainties that should be taken into account when considering the matters referred to in this document. A Notice of a General Meeting of the Company  to be held at the Company's offices at 45 Pall Mall  London  SW1Y 5JG  United Kingdom is set out at the end of this document. You are asked to complete and return the enclosed Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it as soon as possible and  in any event  so as to be received by the Company's registrar  Computershare Investor Services PLC  by not later than 12:30 p.m. on 21 September 2023 (or  in the case of an adjournment  not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the holding of the adjourned meeting). You may also submit your proxy electronically at www.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxy using the Control Number  Shareholder Reference Number and PIN on the Form of Proxy. You are encouraged to appoint the chair of the General Meeting as your proxy for the General Meeting. If you are a member of CREST you may be able to use the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. Proxies sent electronically must be sent as soon as possible and  in any event  so as to be received by not later than 12:30 p.m. on 21 September 2023 (or  in the case of an adjournment  not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the holding of the adjourned meeting). Subject to  amongst other things  the passing of the Resolutions at the General Meeting  it is expected that Qualifying Non- CREST Shareholders (other than Excluded Shareholders) will be sent Provisional Allotment Letters on 27 September 2023  and that Qualifying CREST Shareholders (other than Excluded Shareholders) will receive a credit to their appropriate stock accounts in CREST in respect of the Nil Paid Rights to which they are entitled on 28 September 2023. The Nil Paid Rights so credited are expected to be enabled for settlement by Euroclear UK as soon as practicable after the Admission of the Nil Paid Rights. Qualifying CREST Shareholders who are CREST sponsored members should refer to their CREST sponsors regarding the action to be taken in connection with this document and the Rights Issue. The latest time and date for acceptance and payment in full for the New Ordinary Shares by holders of Nil Paid Rights is expected to be 11:00 a.m. on 12 October 2023. The procedures for delivery  acceptance and payment of Nil Paid Rights are set out in Part VII (Terms and Conditions of the Capital Reorganisation and the Rights Issue) of this document and  for Qualifying Non- CREST Shareholders only  also in the Provisional Allotment Letter. Qualifying CREST Shareholders should refer to section 4 (Action to be taken by Qualifying CREST Shareholders in relation to Nil Paid Rights or Fully Paid Rights in CREST) of Part VII (Terms and Conditions of the Capital Reorganisation and the Rights Issue) of this document. Each of Goldman Sachs International (""Goldman Sachs"")  J.P. Morgan Securities plc (conducting its UK investment banking activities as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) (""JP Morgan"" or the ""Sponsor"")  Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (""Morgan Stanley"" and  together with Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan  the ""Joint Global Coordinators"") and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (""Citi"" and  together with the Joint Global Coordinators  the ""Underwriters"") is authorised in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (""PRA"") and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and the PRA. The Underwriters are each acting exclusively for Synthomer and are acting for no one else in connection with the Rights Issue and will not regard any other person as a client in relation to the Rights Issue and will not be responsible to anyone other than Synthomer for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or clients of their respective affiliates  nor for providing advice in connection with the Rights Issue or any other matter  transaction or arrangement referred to in this document. Each of the Underwriters has given and not withdrawn their consent to the issue of this document with the inclusion of the reference to their respective names in the form and context in which they are included. Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities  if any  which may be imposed on each of JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley by FSMA or the regulatory regime established thereunder  neither the Underwriters nor any of their respective subsidiaries  branches or affiliates owes or accepts any duty  liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect  whether in contract  in tort  under statute or otherwise) to any person for the contents of this document  including its accuracy  correctness or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it  or on its behalf in connection with Synthomer  the Rights Issue and any other matters referred to in this document and nothing in this document will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect  whether or not to the past or future. Save for the aforementioned responsibilities and liabilities  if any  which may be imposed under FSMA  each of the Underwriters  their respective subsidiaries  branches and affiliates accordingly disclaim all and any responsibility or liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise which it might otherwise be found to have in respect of this document or any other statement. Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities  if any  which may be imposed on the Underwriters by FSMA or the regulatory regime established thereunder  or under the regulatory regime of any other jurisdiction where exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal  void or unenforceable  none of the Underwriters  nor any of their respective affiliates  directors  officers  employees or advisers  accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for  or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to contents of this document  including its accuracy  completeness or verification  or regarding the legality of any investment in the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights by any person under the laws applicable to such person  or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Company or on the Company's behalf  in connection with Synthomer  the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights  the Fully Paid Rights or the Rights Issue  and nothing in this document is  or shall be relied upon as  a promise or representation in this respect  whether as to the past  present or future. To the fullest extent permitted by law  the Underwriters and their respective affiliates  directors  officers  employees and advisers accordingly disclaim all and any duty  liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect and whether arising in contract  in tort  under statute or otherwise) which they might otherwise have in respect of this document or any such statement. The Rights Issue has been fully underwritten (in respect of the Non-KLK Rights Issue Shares) by the Underwriters in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Underwriting Agreement  and (in respect of the KLK Rights Issue Shares) KLK. The Underwriters' obligations under the Underwriting Agreement are conditional upon certain matters being satisfied or not breached prior to Admission of the Nil Paid Rights. If these conditions are not satisfied or (where permitted) waived by Admission of the Nil Paid Rights  the Underwriting Agreement will terminate. After Admission of the Nil Paid Rights  none of the Underwriters has the right to unilaterally terminate the Underwriting Agreement. In connection with the Rights Issue  the Underwriters and any of their respective affiliates may  in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions  take up a portion of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights as a principal position and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own account in the securities of the Company and related or other securities and instruments (including New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights and Fully Paid Rights) and may offer or sell such securities other than in connection with the Rights Issue. Accordingly  references in this document to New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights and Fully Paid Rights being offered should be read as including any offering of New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights and Fully Paid Rights to any of the Underwriters or any of their respective affiliates acting in such capacity. In addition  certain of the Underwriters or their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including margin loans) with investors in connection with which such Underwriters (or their affiliates) may from time to time acquire  hold or dispose of New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights and Fully Paid Rights. Except as required by applicable law or regulation  the Underwriters do not propose to make any public disclosure in relation to such transactions. Further to any contractual obligations that may be in place between the Company and the Underwriters  in the event that the Underwriters or their respective affiliates subscribe for New Ordinary Shares which are not taken up by Qualifying Shareholders  the Underwriters and theirrespective affiliates may for a limited period co-ordinate disposals of such shares in accordance with applicable law and regulation. Except as required by applicable law or regulation  the Underwriters and their respective affiliates do not propose to make any public disclosure in relation to such transactions. NOTICE TO OVERSEAS SHAREHOLDERS This document does not constitute an offer of  or a solicitation to subscribe for or purchase  any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. The Provisional Allotment Letters  the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights have not been  and will not be  registered or qualified for distribution to the public under the relevant laws of any Excluded Territory and may not be offered  sold  taken up  exercised  resold  renounced  transferred or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into any Excluded Territory  except pursuant to an applicable exemption. Synthomer and the Underwriters do not make any representation to any offeree  subscriber or acquirer of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights regarding the legality of an investment in the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights by such offeree  subscriber or acquirer under the laws applicable to such offeree  subscriber or acquirer. Each investor should consult with his or its own advisers as to the legal  tax  business  financial and related aspects of an investment in the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED FOR HEREIN  NEITHER THE PROVISIONAL ALLOTMENT LETTER NOR THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF NEW ORDINARY SHARES  OR NIL PAID RIGHTS  OR FULLY PAID RIGHTS TO ANY PERSON WITH A REGISTERED ADDRESS  OR WHO IS LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN ANY EXCLUDED TERRITORY. In addition  certain of the Underwriters or their affiliates are  or may in the future be  lenders  and in some cases agents or managers for the lenders  under certain of the Group's credit facilities and other credit arrangements or its affiliates. In their capacity as lenders  such lenders may  in the future  seek a reduction of a loan commitment to the Company or its affiliates  or impose incremental pricing or collateral requirements with respect to such facilities or credit arrangements  in the ordinary course of business. In addition  certain of the Underwriters or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Company may routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Company consistent with their customary risk management policies. A typical hedging strategy would include these Underwriters or their affiliates hedging such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Company's securities. The Underwriters are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities  which may include securities trading  commercial and investment banking  financial advisory  investment management  principal investment  hedging  financing and brokerage activities. The Underwriters and their respective affiliates have in the past performed commercial banking  investment banking and advisory services for the Group from time to time for which they have received customary fees and reimbursement of expenses and may  from time to time  engage in transactions with and perform services for the Group in the ordinary course of their business for which they may receive customary fees and reimbursement of expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business activities  the Banks and their respective affiliates may hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (which may include bank loans and/or credit default swaps) in the Company and its affiliates for their own account and for the accounts of their customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. NOTICE TO US SHAREHOLDERS The Provisional Allotment Letters  the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights have not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""US Securities Act"") or under any securities law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States or the relevant laws of any other Excluded Territory and may not be offered  sold  taken up  pledged  exercised  resold  renounced  transferred or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  except pursuant to an applicable exemption. There will be no public offer of the Provisional Allotment Letters  the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights in the United States. The Provisional Allotment Letters  the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights  the Fully Paid Rights and this document have not been recommended  approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"")  any state securities commission in the United States or any other US regulatory authority  nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights  the Fully Paid Rights or the accuracy or adequacy of the Provisional Allotment Letter or this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. The Underwriters may arrange for the offer of New Ordinary Shares in the United States not taken up in the Rights Issue only to persons reasonably believed to be ""qualified institutional buyers"" (""QIBs"") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act (""Rule 144A"") in reliance on an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights offered outside the United States are being offered in reliance on Regulation S under the US Securities Act (""Regulation S""). Prospective investors are hereby notified that sellers of the Nil Paid Rights  the Fully Paid Rights or the New Ordinary Shares may be relying on the exemption from registration provisions under section 5 of the US Securities Act  provided by Rule 144A thereunder. Subject to certain limited exceptions  neither this document nor the Provisional Allotment Letter constitutes  or will constitute  or forms part of any offer or invitation to sell  issue or apply for  or any solicitation of any offer to purchase  subscribe for  or take up entitlements to the New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights or Fully Paid Rights to any person with a registered address  or who is resident or located in  the United States. Notwithstanding the foregoing  the Nil Paid Rights may be offered and delivered to  and the Fully Paid Rights and the New Ordinary Shares may be offered to and acquired by  a limited number of Qualifying Shareholders whom Synthomer reasonably believes to be ""qualified institutional buyers""  in offerings exempt from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. Any person in the United States who obtains a copy of this document or a Provisional Allotment Letter and who is not a QIB is required to disregard them. QIBs that satisfy Synthomer as to their status may exercise the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights by delivering a properly completed Provisional Allotment Letter to the Receiving Agent in accordance with the procedures set out in this document. Permitted US Shareholders must also complete  execute and return to Synthomer  a QIB Representation Letter as described in section 7.2 (United States) of Part VII (Terms and Conditions of the Capital Reorganisation and the Rights Issue) of this document  and may be required to make certain certifications in the Provisional Allotment Letter for the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights. In addition  until 40 days after the commencement of the Rights Issue  an offer  sale or transfer of the Nil Paid Rights  the Fully Paid Rights  the Provisional Allotment Letters or the New Ordinary Shares within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the Rights Issue) may violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. NOTICE TO CANADIAN SHAREHOLDERS No prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of the New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights or Fully Paid Rights. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this document or on the merits of the New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights or Fully Paid Rights and any representation to the contrary is an offence. The New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights may not be offered  sold  taken up  pledged  exercised  resold  renounced  transferred or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into Canada or to any person subject to the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory of Canada  except pursuant to an applicable exemption. There will be no public offer of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights in Canada. The Underwriters may arrange for the offer in Canada of New Ordinary Shares not taken up in the Rights Issue only to a person or persons reasonably believed to be an ""accredited investor""  as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions (""NI45-106"") or  in Ontario  as such term is defined in section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) and a ""permitted client"" as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (""NI31-103"").Any offer and sale of New Ordinary Shares not taken up in the Rights Issue in Canada is being made on a private placement basis and is exempt from the requirement that the issuer prepare and file a prospectus under applicable Canadian securities laws. Any resale of such New Ordinary Shares acquired by a Canadian investor in this offering must be made in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws  which resale restrictions may under certain circumstances apply to resales of the New Ordinary Shares outside of Canada. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation  provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (""NI33-105"")  this offering is conducted pursuant to an exemption from the requirement that Canadian investors be provided with certain underwriter conflicts of interest disclosure that would otherwise be required pursuant to subsection 2.1(1) of NI 33-105. NOTICE TO SWISS SHAREHOLDERS The New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights may not be publicly offered  sold or marketed  directly or indirectly  in or into Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (""FinSA"")  except under the following exemptions under FinSA: (i) to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of FinSA; (ii) to fewer than 500 investors that are not professional investors; or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 of FinSA  provided  in each case  that no such offer of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights referred to in (i) through (iii) above shall require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to FinSA. The New Ordinary Shares have not been and will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other marketing or offering material relating to the New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights  or Fully Paid Rights constitutes a prospectus within the meaning of FinSA. This document has not been and will not be filed with  or reviewed or approved by  a Swiss review authority  and does not comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to a prospectus within the meaning of FinSA. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Ordinary Shares  Nil Paid Rights  or Fully Paid Rights may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner which would require the publication of a prospectus in Switzerland pursuant to FinSA. NOTICE TO ALL INVESTORS Any reproduction or distribution of this document  in whole or in part  and any disclosure of its contents or use of any information contained in this document for any purpose other than considering an investment in the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights is prohibited. By accepting delivery of this document  each offeree of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights agrees to the foregoing. The distribution of this document and/or the Provisional Allotment Letters and/or the transfer of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and/or the Fully Paid Rights into jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession these documents come should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws or regulations of such jurisdictions. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  such documents should not be distributed  forwarded to or transmitted in or into any of the Excluded Territories. The New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights and the Fully Paid Rights are not transferable  except in accordance with  and the distribution of the Provisional Allotment Letters and this document are subject to  the restrictions set out in section 7 (Overseas Shareholders) of Part VII (Terms and Conditions of the Capital Reorganisation and the Rights Issue). No action has been taken by the Company or by the Underwriters that would permit an offer of the New Ordinary Shares or rights thereto or possession or distribution of the Provisional Allotment Letters or this document or any other offering or publicity material or the Nil Paid Rights  or the Fully Paid Rights in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required  other than in the United Kingdom. The contents of this document are not to be construed as legal  business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should consult their own legal  financial or tax adviser for legal  financial or tax advice. In making an investment decision  each investor must carry out their own examination  analysis and enquiry of the Company and the terms of the Rights Issue  including the merits and risks involved. None of Synthomer or the Underwriters  nor any of their respective affiliates  directors  officers  employees or advisers  is making any representation to any offeree  subscriber or acquirer of the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights regarding the legality of an investment in the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights by such offeree  subscriber or acquirer under the law applicable to such offeree  subscriber or acquirer. Each investor should consult with his or its own advisers as to the legal  tax  business  financial and related aspects of an investment in the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights or the Fully Paid Rights. The investors also acknowledge that: (i) they have not relied on the Underwriters or any person affiliated with the Underwriters in connection with any investigation of the accuracy of any information contained in this document or their investment decision; (ii) they have relied only on the information contained in this document and (iii) no person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Company or its subsidiaries or the New Ordinary Shares  the Nil Paid Rights  the Fully Paid Rights or the Rights Issue (other than as contained in this document) and  if given or made  any such other information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Company or the Underwriters. NOTICE TO DISTRIBUTORS Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""UK Product Governance Requirements"")  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any ""manufacturer"" (for the purposes of the UK Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the New Ordinary Shares have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that the New Ordinary Shares are: (a) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; and (b) eligible for distribution through all permitted distribution channels (the ""Target Market Assessment""). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  ""distributors"" (for the purposes of the UK Product Governance Requirements) should note that: the price of the New Ordinary Shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the New Ordinary Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the New Ordinary Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the offer of New Ordinary Shares. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  the Joint Bookrunners will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties. For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (i) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapters 9A or 10A  respectively  of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; or (ii) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to  the New Ordinary Shares. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the New Ordinary Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the New Ordinary Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels. Without limitation  the contents of the Group's websites (other than the information as set out in Part XIV (Documents Incorporated by Reference)) do not form part of this document. Capitalised terms have the meanings ascribed to them in the schedule to this document entitled ""Definitions"". The date of this document is 7 September 2023.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.77,0.18,True,English,"['Shareholder Circular', 'General Meeting', 'Synthomer', 'Prospectus', 'notice', '08', 'other appropriate independent financial adviser', 'other local securities laws', 'Provisional Allotment Letter', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Nil Paid Rights', 'Fully Paid Rights', 'United Arab Emirates', 'New Ordinary Shares', 'Prospectus Regulation Rules', 'appropriate number', 'financial advice', 'Financial Services', 'other agent', 'other transaction', 'other offering', 'simplified prospectus', 'Listing Rules', 'competent authority', 'other jurisdiction', 'Rights Issue', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'fund manager', 'Markets Act', 'Hong Kong', 'Excluded Territories', 'Ex-Rights Date', 'split applications', 'Capital Reorganisation', 'claim transaction', 'Euroclear UK', 'International Limited', 'publicity material', 'Companies Act', 'registered number', 'Synthomer plc', 'uncertificated form', 'ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTS', 'bank manager', 'subject matter', 'limited exceptions', 'applicable law', 'Part VII', 'The FCA', 'doubt', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'FSMA', 'purposes', 'Article', 'accordance', 'section', 'circular', 'standards', 'completeness', 'comprehensibility', 'consistency', 'approval', 'endorsement', 'issuer', 'quality', 'Investors', 'assessment', 'suitability', '8:00 a', '28 September', 'Ex-RightsDate', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delivery', 'violation', 'registration', 'regulations', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Singapore', 'extension', 'availability', 'holding', 'instruction', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'operator', 'CREST', 'settlement', 'directors', 'names', 'page', 'responsibility', 'information', 'knowledge', 'facts', 'omission', 'import', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'England', 'Wales']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29952,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2739864/0/en/GF-Adjusts-the-Offer-Price-to-EUR-28-50-per-Share-in-its-Tender-Offer-for-All-Shares-in-Uponor-Due-to-Uponor-s-EUR-0-35-Dividend.html,GF Adjusts the Offer Price to EUR 28.50 per Share in its Tender Offer for All Shares in Uponor Due to Uponor’s EUR 0.35 Dividend,GF Adjusts the Offer Price to EUR 28.50 per Share in its Tender Offer for All Shares in Uponor Due to Uponor’s EUR 0.35 Dividend    Uponor Corporation ......,GF Adjusts the Offer Price to EUR 28.50 per Share in its Tender Offer for All Shares in Uponor Due to Uponor’s EUR 0.35 DividendUponor Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  September 8  2023  at 08:35 a.m. EETNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THIS TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.As previously announced  Georg Fischer Ltd. (“GF” or the “Offeror”) and Uponor Corporation (“Uponor” or the “Company”) have entered into a combination agreement pursuant to which the Offeror has made a voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor (the “Shares” or  individually  a “Share”) that are not held by Uponor or any of its subsidiaries (the “Tender Offer”) at a price of EUR 28.85 per share for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the “Offer Price”). The Offeror has on June 22  2023  published a tender offer document  dated June 22  2023  and published the first supplement document to the tender offer document on July 25  2023  concerning the Tender Offer (the tender offer document  as supplemented from time to time  the “Tender Offer Document”). The offer period for the Tender Offer commenced on June 26  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and will expire on October 31  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is further extended or any extended offer period is discontinued as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.As set out in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to the Completion Date (as defined in the Tender Offer Document)  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be adjusted accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis  including for the payment of EUR 0.35 per outstanding Share as dividend based on the resolution of the annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company on March 17  2023  in which case the Offer Price shall be reduced accordingly.As previously announced by the Company  on March 17  2023 the annual general meeting of shareholders of Uponor approved the proposal of Uponor’s Board of Directors according to which a dividend of EUR 0.69 per share will be paid from the distributable funds of Uponor for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.34 per share was paid on March 28  2023  and the second instalment of EUR 0.35 per share will be paid on September 20  2023. The second instalment will be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on September 13  2023. As announced by the Offeror  as a result of the dividend the Offer Price in the Tender Offer will be adjusted as of September 12  2023 (i.e.  the ex-dividend date for said dividend payment)  so that the Offer Price is EUR 28.50 per Share  subject to any further adjustments.Shareholders of Uponor who have already tendered their Shares in the Tender Offer do not have to re-tender their Shares or take any other action as a result of the adjustment of the Offer Price. All shareholders who have validly tendered their Shares in Uponor will receive the adjusted Offer Price if the Tender Offer is completed.Media and Investor Enquiries  GFMediaBeat Römer  Head Corporate Communications  GFmedia@georgfischer.com+41 (0) 79 290 04 00Analysts and InvestorsDaniel Bösiger  Head Investor Relations  GFir@georgfischer.com+41 (0) 79 251 66 24Media Contacts in FinlandNiko Vartiainen  Principal Consultant  Tekir Ltdniko@tekir.fi+358 (0) 50 529 4299Media and Investor Enquiries  UponorFranciska Janzon  Senior Vice President  Corporate Communications/IR  Uponorfranciska.janzon@uponor.com+358 (0) 20 129 2821Information about the Tender Offer is made available at https://goingforward-movingwater.georgfischer.com.For administrative questions regarding the Tender Offer  please contact your bank or nominee where you have your Shares registered.About GFWith its three divisions GF Piping Systems  GF Casting Solutions  and GF Machining Solutions  GF offers products and solutions that enable the safe transport of liquids and gases  as well as lightweight casting components and high-precision manufacturing technologies. As a sustainability and innovation leader  GF has strived to achieve profitable growth while offering superior value to its customers for more than 200 years. Founded in 1802  GF is headquartered in Switzerland and present in 34 countries with 138 companies  60 of which are production companies with 83 facilities. For the year ended December 31  2022  GF’s 15 207 employees worldwide generated sales of EUR 4.1 billion (CHF 4.0 billion).About UponorUponor is a leading global provider of solutions that efficiently and effectively move water through cities  buildings  and homes. Uponor helps customers in residential and commercial construction  municipalities  and utilities  be more productive – and continuously find new ways to conserve  manage and provide water responsibly  unlocking its potential to provide comfort  health  and efficiency. Uponor’s safe drinking water  energy-efficient radiant heating and cooling systems  and reliable infrastructure solutions are sold in more than 80 countries. Uponor employs approximately 3 750 professionals in 26 countries in Europe and North America. In 2022  Uponor’s net sales totaled approximately EUR 1.4 billion. Uponor is based in Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Important InformationTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER THE TENDER OFFER OR ACCEPTANCE THEREOF IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for Shareholders of Uponor in the United StatesThe Tender Offer is made for the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States in compliance with Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder  including Regulation 14E (in each case  subject to any exemptions or relief therefrom  if applicable) and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. Shareholders in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Uponor is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) thereunder.The Tender Offer is made to Uponor’s shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Uponor to whom an offer is made. Any information documents  including this release  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Uponor’s other shareholders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  including Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its broker’s affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer and combination  directly or indirectly  purchase or arrange to purchase  the Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for such Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a stock exchange or press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Uponor of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Uponor  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of this release. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional adviser immediately regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.It may be difficult for Uponor’s shareholders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws since the Offeror and Uponor are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Uponor’s shareholders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Uponor or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Uponor and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court’s judgment.Forward-looking StatementsThis release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this release.DisclaimerUBS AG is authorized and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.SEB  which is under the supervision of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) in cooperation with the FIN-FSA  is acting as local financial adviser to the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and as arranger in relation to the Tender Offer  will not regard any other person than the Offeror as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection afforded to clients of SEB or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer.Nordea Bank Abp  which is under the supervision of the European Central Bank together with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority  is acting as financial adviser to Uponor and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this announcement. Neither Nordea Bank Abp nor its affiliates will regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Uponor for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this announcement.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority  is acting as financial adviser to Uponor and no-one else in connection with this announcement. Neither Goldman Sachs International nor its affiliates  nor their respective partners  directors  officers  employees or agents are responsible to anyone other than Uponor for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International or for providing advice in connection with any matters referred to in this announcement.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.03,0.14,0.84,True,English,"['Offer Price', 'Tender Offer', 'EUR 0.35 Dividend', 'GF', 'Share', 'All', 'Uponor', 'public cash tender offer', 'annual general meeting', 'Beat Römer', 'Daniel Bösiger', 'Senior Vice President', 'lightweight casting components', 'high-precision manufacturing technologies', 'leading global provider', 'Georg Fischer Ltd.', 'first supplement document', 'Head Corporate Communications', 'Head Investor Relations', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'tender offer document', 'extended offer period', 'GF Piping Systems', 'GF Casting Solutions', 'GF Machining Solutions', 'first instalment', 'Corporate Communications/IR', 'Investor Enquiries', 'Tekir Ltd', 'Offer Price', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'combination agreement', 'other assets', 'record date', 'Completion Date', 'euro basis', 'two instalments', 'second instalment', 'ex-dividend date', 'other action', 'Niko Vartiainen', 'Principal Consultant', 'administrative questions', 'three divisions', 'safe transport', 'innovation leader', 'profitable growth', 'superior value', 'Finnish time', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'Media Contacts', 'Franciska Janzon', 'production companies', 'shareholder register', 'The Offeror', 'EUR 0.35 Dividend', 'outstanding shares', 'Uponor Corporation', 'GF Media', '138 companies', 'September', '08:35 a', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'Company', 'voluntary', 'subsidiaries', 'June', 'July', '9:30 a', 'October', 'terms', 'conditions', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'payment', 'resolution', 'March', 'case', 'proposal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'result', 'adjustments', 'Analysts', 'Investors', 'Information', 'bank', 'nominee', 'products', 'liquids', 'gases', 'sustainability', 'customers', '200 years', 'Switzerland', '34 countries', '83 facilities', '15,207 employees', 'sales', 'CHF', '4:00', '41']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29953,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UPONOR-OYJ-1412431/news/GF-Adjusts-the-Offer-Price-to-EUR-28-50-per-Share-in-its-Tender-Offer-for-All-Shares-in-Uponor-Due-t-44799668/,GF Adjusts the Offer Price to EUR 28.50 per Share in its Tender Offer for All Shares in Uponor Due to Uponor's EUR 0.35 Dividend,(marketscreener.com) GF Adjusts the Offer Price to EUR 28.50 per Share in its Tender Offer for All Shares in Uponor Due to Uponor’s EUR 0.35 Dividend Uponor Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  September 8  2023  at 08:35 a.m. EET NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION…,GFAdjusts the Offer Price to EUR 28.50 per Share in its Tender Offer for All Shares in Uponor Due to Uponor’s EUR 0.35 DividendUponor Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  September 8  2023  at 08:35 a.m. EETNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THIS TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.As previously announced  Georg Fischer Ltd. (“GF” or the “Offeror”) and Uponor Corporation (“Uponor” or the “Company”) have entered into a combination agreement pursuant to which the Offeror has made a voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor (the “Shares” or  individually  a “Share”) that are not held by Uponor or any of its subsidiaries (the “Tender Offer”) at a price of EUR 28.85 per share for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the “Offer Price”). The Offeror has on June 22  2023  published a tender offer document  dated June 22  2023  and published the first supplement document to the tender offer document on July 25  2023  concerning the Tender Offer (the tender offer document  as supplemented from time to time  the “Tender Offer Document”). The offer period for the Tender Offer commenced on June 26  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and will expire on October 31  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is further extended or any extended offer period is discontinued as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.As set out in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to the Completion Date (as defined in the Tender Offer Document)  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be adjusted accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis  including for the payment of EUR 0.35 per outstanding Share as dividend based on the resolution of the annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company on March 17  2023  in which case the Offer Price shall be reduced accordingly.As previously announced by the Company  on March 17  2023 the annual general meeting of shareholders of Uponor approved the proposal of Uponor’s Board of Directors according to which a dividend of EUR 0.69 per share will be paid from the distributable funds of Uponor for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.34 per share was paid on March 28  2023  and the second instalment of EUR 0.35 per share will be paid on September 20  2023. The second instalment will be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on September 13  2023. As announced by the Offeror  as a result of the dividend the Offer Price in the Tender Offer will be adjusted as of September 12  2023 (i.e.  the ex-dividend date for said dividend payment)  so that the Offer Price is EUR 28.50 per Share  subject to any further adjustments.Shareholders of Uponor who have already tendered their Shares in the Tender Offer do not have to re-tender their Shares or take any other action as a result of the adjustment of the Offer Price. All shareholders who have validly tendered their Shares in Uponor will receive the adjusted Offer Price if the Tender Offer is completed.Media and Investor Enquiries GFMediaBeat Römer  Head Corporate Communications  GFmedia@georgfischer.com+41 (0) 79 290 04 00Analysts and InvestorsDaniel Bösiger  Head Investor Relations  GFir@georgfischer.com+41 (0) 79 251 66 24Media Contacts in FinlandNiko Vartiainen  Principal Consultant  Tekir Ltdniko@tekir.fi+358 (0) 50 529 4299Media and Investor Enquiries  UponorFranciska Janzon  Senior Vice President  Corporate Communications/IR  Uponorfranciska.janzon@uponor.com+358 (0) 20 129 2821Information about the Tender Offer is made available at https://goingforward-movingwater.georgfischer.com.For administrative questions regarding the Tender Offer  please contact your bank or nominee where you have your Shares registered.About GFWith its three divisions GF Piping Systems  GF Casting Solutions  and GF Machining Solutions  GF offers products and solutions that enable the safe transport of liquids and gases  as well as lightweight casting components and high-precision manufacturing technologies. As a sustainability and innovation leader  GF has strived to achieve profitable growth while offering superior value to its customers for more than 200 years. Founded in 1802  GF is headquartered in Switzerland and present in 34 countries with 138 companies  60 of which are production companies with 83 facilities. For the year ended December 31  2022  GF’s 15 207 employees worldwide generated sales of EUR 4.1 billion (CHF 4.0 billion).About UponorUponor is a leading global provider of solutions that efficiently and effectively move water through cities  buildings  and homes. Uponor helps customers in residential and commercial construction  municipalities  and utilities  be more productive – and continuously find new ways to conserve  manage and provide water responsibly  unlocking its potential to provide comfort  health  and efficiency. Uponor’s safe drinking water  energy-efficient radiant heating and cooling systems  and reliable infrastructure solutions are sold in more than 80 countries. Uponor employs approximately 3 750 professionals in 26 countries in Europe and North America. In 2022  Uponor’s net sales totaled approximately EUR 1.4 billion. Uponor is based in Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Important InformationTHIS RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER THE TENDER OFFER OR ACCEPTANCE THEREOF IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND  WHEN PUBLISHED  THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for Shareholders of Uponor in the United StatesThe Tender Offer is made for the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States in compliance with Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder  including Regulation 14E (in each case  subject to any exemptions or relief therefrom  if applicable) and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. Shareholders in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Uponor is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) thereunder.The Tender Offer is made to Uponor’s shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Uponor to whom an offer is made. Any information documents  including this release  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Uponor’s other shareholders.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  including Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its broker’s affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer and combination  directly or indirectly  purchase or arrange to purchase  the Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for such Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a stock exchange or press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Uponor of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Uponor  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of this release. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. holder of Shares may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional adviser immediately regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.It may be difficult for Uponor’s shareholders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws since the Offeror and Uponor are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Uponor’s shareholders may not be able to sue the Offeror or Uponor or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Uponor and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court’s judgment.Forward-looking StatementsThis release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this release.DisclaimerUBS AG is authorized and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.SEB  which is under the supervision of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) in cooperation with the FIN-FSA  is acting as local financial adviser to the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and as arranger in relation to the Tender Offer  will not regard any other person than the Offeror as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection afforded to clients of SEB or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer.Nordea Bank Abp  which is under the supervision of the European Central Bank together with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority  is acting as financial adviser to Uponor and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this announcement. Neither Nordea Bank Abp nor its affiliates will regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Uponor for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this announcement.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority  is acting as financial adviser to Uponor and no-one else in connection with this announcement. Neither Goldman Sachs International nor its affiliates  nor their respective partners  directors  officers  employees or agents are responsible to anyone other than Uponor for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International or for providing advice in connection with any matters referred to in this announcement.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.16,0.81,True,English,"['Offer Price', 'Tender Offer', 'EUR 0.35 Dividend', 'GF', 'Share', 'Uponor', 'public cash tender offer', 'annual general meeting', 'Beat Römer', 'Daniel Bösiger', 'Senior Vice President', 'lightweight casting components', 'high-precision manufacturing technologies', 'leading global provider', 'Georg Fischer Ltd.', 'first supplement document', 'Head Corporate Communications', 'Head Investor Relations', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'tender offer document', 'extended offer period', 'GF Piping Systems', 'GF Casting Solutions', 'GF Machining Solutions', 'first instalment', 'Corporate Communications/IR', 'Investor Enquiries', 'Tekir Ltd', 'Offer Price', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'combination agreement', 'other assets', 'record date', 'Completion Date', 'euro basis', 'two instalments', 'second instalment', 'ex-dividend date', 'other action', 'Niko Vartiainen', 'Principal Consultant', 'administrative questions', 'three divisions', 'safe transport', 'innovation leader', 'profitable growth', 'superior value', 'Finnish time', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'Media Contacts', 'Franciska Janzon', 'production companies', 'shareholder register', 'The Offeror', 'EUR 0.35 Dividend', 'outstanding shares', 'Uponor Corporation', 'GF Media', '138 companies', 'GFAdjusts', 'September', '08:35 a', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'Company', 'voluntary', 'subsidiaries', 'June', 'July', '9:30 a', 'October', 'terms', 'conditions', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'payment', 'resolution', 'March', 'case', 'proposal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'result', 'adjustments', 'Analysts', 'Investors', 'Information', 'bank', 'nominee', 'products', 'liquids', 'gases', 'sustainability', 'customers', '200 years', 'Switzerland', '34 countries', '83 facilities', '15,207 employees', 'sales', 'CHF', '4:00', '41']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29954,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Goldman-Sachs-remains-Neutral-44801924/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Goldman Sachs remains Neutral -Yesterday at 05:15 am,(marketscreener.com) In a research note published by Oliver Carruthers  Goldman Sachs gives a Neutral rating to the stock. The target price differs slightly and is now set at EUR 195 versus EUR 194.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Goldman Sachs', '05', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marketmind-apple-dollar-roil-markets-043239655.html,Marketmind: Apple and dollar roil markets,Investors probably can't wait for the week to end  with worries over China's curbs on iPhones and the dollar's resurgence in the past few weeks casting a...,The German share price index DAX graph is pictured at the stock exchange in FrankfurtA look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Ankur BanerjeeInvestors probably can't wait for the week to end  with worries over China's curbs on iPhones and the dollar's resurgence in the past few weeks casting a long shadow over the markets.Apple has seen about $200 billion (that's eleven zeros in total) wiped from its market capitalisation in two days on reports of China curbing iPhone use by state employees.The broader U.S. tech sector also took a hit  while shares of several major Apple suppliers in Asia slid on Friday. Nearly a fifth of Apple's revenue is generated in China  where thousands of workers are employed by the company and its suppliers.It all comes ahead of an Apple event next week where the $2.78 trillion company is expected to unveil its iPhone 15 line-up  as well as new smartwatches.Meanwhile  China's Huawei Technologies on Friday started presales for its Mate 60 Pro+ smartphone  adding a new version to a series that has captured global attention for revealing the Chinese tech firm's success in beating back against U.S. sanctions.Richly valued tech stocks have also felt the weight of rising U.S. yields as traders bet that elevated interest rates are here to stay for a while longer.That has resulted in the dollar's rampaging run in the past few weeks. Against a basket of currencies  the dollar is set to clock an eighth straight week of gains. The last time it had a similar run was in 2014.[FRX/]A Reuters poll of forex strategists suggests that the dollar's strength will be difficult to overcome for most major currencies by the end of the year.Demand for the U.S. currency has made life difficult for most other currencies  with the onshore yuan breaching a 16-year low and the yen straddling the weaker side of the psychologically important 145 per dollar line  keeping traders alert for possible intervention.And so with Europe waking up  investors are likely to have a volatile end to the week  with futures indicating a mixed open.Story continuesThe pan-European STOXX 600 index has fallen for seven straight days  its worst string of losses since February 2018.Investor focus will also be on debt-ridden French supermarket retailer Casino after the markets operator Euronext said the retailer will be excluded from Paris' SBF-120 equity index of major companies.Key developments that could influence markets on Friday:Economic events: Germany's inflation data for August(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee; Editing by Kim Coghill),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.24,0.73,True,English,"['dollar roil markets', 'Marketmind', 'Apple', 'German share price index DAX graph', 'debt-ridden French supermarket retailer Casino', 'broader U.S. tech sector', ""Paris' SBF-120 equity index"", 'rising U.S. yields', 'several major Apple suppliers', 'U.S. sanctions', 'U.S. currency', 'pan-European STOXX 600 index', 'Mate 60 Pro+ smartphone', 'elevated interest rates', 'A Reuters poll', 'seven straight days', 'most major currencies', 'most other currencies', 'eighth straight week', 'tech stocks', 'major companies', 'two days', 'stock exchange', 'Ankur Banerjee', 'long shadow', 'eleven zeros', 'market capitalisation', 'iPhone use', 'state employees', 'Apple event', 'iPhone 15 line-up', 'new smartwatches', 'Huawei Technologies', 'new version', 'global attention', 'rampaging run', 'similar run', 'forex strategists', 'onshore yuan', '16-year low', 'weaker side', 'possible intervention', 'mixed open', 'worst string', 'Key developments', 'Economic events', 'inflation data', 'Kim Coghill', 'global markets', '$2.78 trillion company', 'volatile end', 'markets operator', 'dollar line', 'Frankfurt', 'look', 'Investors', 'worries', 'China', 'curbs', 'iPhones', 'resurgence', 'past', 'weeks', 'total', 'reports', 'hit', 'shares', 'Asia', 'Friday', 'fifth', 'revenue', 'thousands', 'workers', 'presales', 'series', 'Chinese', 'firm', 'success', 'weight', 'traders', 'basket', 'gains', 'FRX', 'strength', 'life', 'yen', 'futures', 'Story', 'losses', 'February', 'Euronext', 'Germany', 'August', 'Editing', '145']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,finance.yahoo.com
29956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAGRON-N-V-62917/news/Progress-share-buy-back-program-Fagron-44805091/,Progress share buy-back program Fagron,(marketscreener.com) Regulated informationNazareth /Rotterdam   8 September 2023 – 6PM CET Progress share buy-back program Fagron In the period from 4 September 2023 through 8 September 2023  Fagron purchased 16 146 of its owns shares at an average price of €…,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  8 September 2023 – 6PM CETProgress share buy-back program FagronIn the period from 4 September 2023 through 8 September 2023  Fagron purchased 16 146 of its owns shares at an average price of €16.60 per share corresponding to a total amount of €268 005.84.These purchases are part of the share buy-back program of up to 138 372 Fagron shares to fulfill Fagron’s obligations under its long term incentive scheme  which was announced on 3 August 2023.The total number of own shares purchased to date is 94 146.More information  including a detailed overview of the purchase transactions under this program  is available on our share buy-back webpage.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Progress share buy-back program', 'Fagron', 'long term incentive scheme', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'Progress share buy-back program', 'share buy-back webpage', 'leading global company', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'More information', 'detailed overview', 'purchase transactions', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Karen Berg', '138,372 Fagron shares', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '8 September', '6PM', 'period', '4 September', 'purchases', 'part', 'obligations', '3 August', 'date', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DOVALUE-S-P-A-60546393/news/DoValue-S-p-A-HYFR-44804180/,DoValue S p A : HYFR -Yesterday at 10:05 am,(marketscreener.com)    2   CONSOLIDATED   INTERIM   REPORT   at   March   31    2023     Leading the evolution of the...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DOVALUE-S-P-A-60546393/news/DoValue-S-p-A-HYFR-44804180/?utm_mediu…,Registered in the Company Register of Verona  Tax I.D. no. 00390840239 and VAT registration no. 02659940239At the date of approval of this document5doValue- Consolidated Interim Report at March 31  2023GROUP STRUCTUREWith more than 20 years of experience and approximately €120 billion of assets under management  the doValue Group is the main operator in Southern Europe in the management of credit portfolios and real estate assets deriving from non-performing loans.The doValue Group offers to its customers  both banks and investors  services for the management of portfolios of non-performing loans (NPL)  unlikely to pay (UTP)  early arrears and performing loans. The doValue Group is also active in the management and development of real estate assets deriving from non- performing loans (real estate owned  REO).In addition  the doValue Group offers a broad set of ancillary services (master legal services  due diligence services  data management services and master servicing activities).The shares of the doValue Group have been listed on Euronext Milan since 2017. In addition  doValue has been admitted to the STAR segment of Euronext Milan in 2022.The following chart shows the structure of the Group at March 31  2023  and reflects the organic and external growth and diversification of doValue over 20 years of operations.,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['DoValue S', 'HYFR', '10:05', 'Tax I.D.', 'master servicing activities', 'master legal services', 'due diligence services', 'real estate assets', 'The doValue Group', 'data management services', 'ancillary services', 'Company Register', 'VAT registration', 'main operator', 'Southern Europe', 'performing loans', 'early arrears', 'broad set', 'Euronext Milan', 'external growth', 'GROUP STRUCTURE', 'credit portfolios', 'Verona', 'date', 'approval', 'document', 'March', '20 years', 'experience', 'customers', 'banks', 'investors', 'NPL', 'UTP', 'development', 'REO', 'addition', 'shares', 'segment', 'following', 'chart', 'organic', 'diversification', 'operations']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TIKEHAU-CAPITAL-34204863/news/Tikehau-Capital-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--44801936/,Tikehau Capital : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...) -Yesterday at 05:18 am,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE  PARIS  8 SEPTEMBER 2023   This press release is not intended for publication  dissemination  transmission  or distribution directly or indirectly to or within   the United States of America  Canada  Australia  …,"PRESS RELEASE PARIS  8 SEPTEMBER 2023This press release is not intended for publication  dissemination  transmission  or distribution directly or indirectly to or withinthe United States of America  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other country in which the publication  dissemination transmission or distribution of this press release is unlawful.Tikehau Capital successfully places a new €300 million sustainable bondTikehau Capital  the global alternative asset management group  today announces that it has successfully priced a new sustainable bond issue for a total amount of €300 million maturing in March 2030. This issue of senior unsecured sustainable bond is associated with a fixed annual coupon of 6.625%.The transaction is a testament to Tikehau Capital's credit quality as evidenced by a strong investors response. Clearly oversubscribed  it has been placed with a diversified base of more than 60 investors and has been subscribed by more than 80% of non-domestic investors.This sustainable bond is rated BBB- by the financial rating agencies S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings. During the second quarter of 2023  both agencies confirmed Tikehau Capital's Investment Grade credit rating(BBB-) with a stable outlook  confirming the strength of the firm's financial profile.The issuance of this second sustainable bond reinforces the position of Tikehau Capital as a pioneer in sustainability. The net proceeds of this issue will be used to carry out investments as part of Tikehau Capital's sustainable bond framework available on the Group's website (link).Tikehau Capital's ESG performance has been recognized in particular in 2023  and positions the Group among the best players in its industry:Earlier this year  Tikehau Capital has been recognized as a '2023 Top-Related ESG performer' by Sustainalytics  for the second year in a row and ranks Tikehau Capital 33 out of an industry group of 910 companies  placing the Group in the top 4% best performers.Top-Related ESG performer' by for the second year in a row and ranks Tikehau Capital 33 out of an industry group of 910 companies  placing the Group in the best performers. During H1 2023  the Central Labelling Agency of Belgian SRI has awarded the ""Towards Sustainability"" label to the firm's strategy dedicated to Regenerative Agriculture  which was launched in partnership with AXA Climate and Unilever.Through this operation  Tikehau Capital extends its average debt's maturity to 5.3 years1  compared to4.0 years without the issuance. Application has been made to Euronext Paris for the bonds to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.Characteristics of the bond issueTotal amount issued €300m Maturity March 2030 Annual Interest rate 6.625% Listing Euronext Paris1 As at 30 September 2023.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.22,0.3,0.48,True,English,"['Tikehau Capital', 'Information', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', '05', 'global alternative asset management group', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'Investment Grade credit rating', 'new €300 million sustainable bond', 'senior unsecured sustainable bond', 'new sustainable bond issue', 'sustainable bond framework', 'Central Labelling Agency', 'second sustainable bond', '2023 Top-Related ESG performer', 'Annual Interest rate', 'strong investors response', 'financial rating agencies', 'top 4% best performers', 'credit quality', 'Fitch Ratings', 'annual coupon', 'financial profile', 'ESG performance', 'best players', 'second quarter', 'second year', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'United States', 'other country', 'Tikehau Capital', 'total amount', 'diversified base', 'domestic investors', 'stable outlook', 'net proceeds', 'Belgian SRI', 'Regenerative Agriculture', 'AXA Climate', 'average debt', 'Euronext Paris', 'industry group', 'Sustainability"" label', '60 investors', '8 SEPTEMBER', 'publication', 'dissemination', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'America', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'March', 'fixed', 'transaction', 'testament', 'non', 'BBB', 'strength', 'firm', 'issuance', 'position', 'pioneer', 'investments', 'part', 'website', 'link', 'Sustainalytics', 'row', '910 companies', 'H1', 'strategy', 'Unilever', 'operation', 'maturity', '5.3 years', 'Application', 'bonds', 'Characteristics', '30 September']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740029/0/en/Results-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting.html,Results of Extraordinary General Meeting,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company”)  8 September 2023  Results of Extraordinary General Meeting  Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR ...,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company”)8 September 2023Results of Extraordinary General MeetingKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR) announces that  at its EGM held on Friday  8 September 2023  the resolution proposed was duly passed on a poll.The resolution  authorising market purchases and overseas market purchases pursuant to the Tender Offer  was passed as a Special Resolution. Its full text was set out in the Notice of EGM included in the circular published by the Company and sent to Shareholders on 16 August 2023 and available on the Company website at https://www.kenmareresources.com/en/tender-offer-disclaimerThe result of the voting on the resolution is as follows:Resolution - To authorise market purchases and overseas market purchases pursuant to the Tender OfferVotes For % Votes Against % Total Votes Cast % of Issued Share Capital Voted Votes Withheld 67 651 184 99.97 22 549 0.03 67 673 733 71.36 12 693The “Vote Withheld” option is provided to enable abstention on any particular resolution. However  it should be noted that a “Vote Withheld” is not a vote in law and is not counted in the calculation of the proportion of the votes “For” and “Against” a resolution.In accordance with Listing Rule 6.1.60 of Euronext Dublin and Listing Rule 9.6.2 of the Financial Conduct Authority  copies of all resolutions will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK’s National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at www.fca.orq.uk/markets/primarv-markets/requlatorv-disclosures/national-storaqe-mechanismFor further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb /Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: + 353 87 943 0367Murray (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world’s largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma’s production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday “quality-of life” items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Results', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'global titanium feedstocks', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Issued Share Capital', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'National Storage Mechanism', 'Paul O’Kane', 'mineral sands products', 'London Stock Exchange', 'overseas market purchases', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Tender Offer', 'full text', 'Listing Rule', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Michael Starke', 'Investor Relations', 'PR advisor', 'largest producers', 'raw materials', 'everyday “quality', 'ceramic tiles', 'Special Resolution', 'particular resolution', 'Company website', 'Total Votes', 'September', 'Results', 'ISE', 'KMR', 'EGM', 'Friday', 'poll', 'Notice', 'circular', 'Shareholders', '16 August', 'kenmareresources', 'offer-disclaimer', 'voting', 'option', 'abstention', 'law', 'calculation', 'proportion', 'accordance', 'copies', 'resolutions', 'UK', 'inspection', 'markets', 'national-storaqe-mechanism', 'information', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'Murray', 'pokane', 'world', 'Mozambique', 'production', 'customers', '15 countries', 'life', 'items', 'paints', 'plastics']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740042/0/en/Quadient-Partners-with-REPAY-to-Deliver-Exceptional-Payment-Experiences-with-Accounts-Payable-Automation-Solution.html,Quadient Partners with REPAY to Deliver Exceptional Payment Experiences with Accounts Payable Automation Solution,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a technology partnership with Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ: RPAY)(“REPAY”)  a leading pr…,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a technology partnership with Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ: RPAY)(“REPAY”)  a leading provider of vertically-integrated payment solutions  to enhance the payment experience within Quadient’s cloud-based accounts payable (AP) automation solution. REPAY serves multiple Business Payments verticals in North America  including retail automotive  education  field services  governments and municipalities  healthcare  media  homeowner association management and hospitality.With the new REPAY integration  Quadient AP enables frictionless payments to vendors and suppliers using their preferred method and channel of payment. Quadient AP with REPAY optimizes and automates the AP process  saving time  reducing costs and increasing visibility and control. Quadient AP instantly generates a payments batch that can be submitted to signing authorities for approval in seconds  and it eliminates manual processes that can lead to errors and duplicate payments.“We are delighted to partner with REPAY  which shares our passion for intelligent automation and helping organizations streamline and digitize their workflows ” said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation at Quadient. “This strategic partnership will simplify payment workflows and optimize financial operations for businesses of all sizes  so their accounting teams can spend less time on manual processes and focus more on adding strategic value.”“REPAY and Quadient are committed to enhancing customer and vendor experiences through automated accounts payable processes ” said Darin Horrocks  EVP  Business Payments at REPAY. “Integrating payment capabilities within the Quadient AP solution further optimizes accounts payable  improving cash flow and increasing efficiencies for AP teams. We look forward to working together to drive additional innovative experiences in the future.”Quadient AP is part of the Quadient Hub  a comprehensive and unified software-as-a-service platform for Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation (ICA) cloud solutions. To learn more about Quadient AP  visit www.quadient.com/en/ap-automation.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.74,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Accounts Payable Automation Solution', 'Exceptional Payment Experiences', 'Quadient Partners', 'REPAY', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'three key solution areas', 'Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation', 'multiple Business Payments verticals', 'automated accounts payable processes', 'chief solution officer', 'cloud-based accounts payable', 'homeowner association management', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'additional innovative experiences', 'ICA) cloud solutions', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'meaningful customer connections', 'AP) automation solution', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'new REPAY integration', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'Quadient AP solution', 'intelligent automation', 'manual processes', 'vendor experiences', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'frictionless payments', 'payments batch', 'duplicate payments', 'payment experience', 'AP process', 'AP teams', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'technology partnership', 'leading provider', 'North America', 'retail automotive', 'field services', 'preferred method', 'Chris Hartigan', 'strategic partnership', 'financial operations', 'accounting teams', 'strategic value', 'Darin Horrocks', 'cash flow', 'unified software', 'service platform', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'payment capabilities', 'less time', 'Quadient Hub', 'Quadient shares', 'Joe Scolaro', 'payment workflows', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'NASDAQ', 'RPAY', 'education', 'governments', 'municipalities', 'healthcare', 'media', 'hospitality', 'vendors', 'suppliers', 'costs', 'visibility', 'control', 'authorities', 'approval', 'seconds', 'errors', 'passion', 'organizations', 'sizes', 'EVP', 'efficiencies', 'future', 'comprehensive', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communications', 'Ext.', 'Attachment']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KLEPIERRE-4665/news/KLEPIERRE-RELEASES-ITS-FIRST-HALF-2023-FINANCIAL-REPORT-44800911/,KLÉPIERRE RELEASES ITS FIRST-HALF 2023 FINANCIAL REPORT,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED RELEASE KLÉPIERRE RELEASESITS FIRST-HALF 2023 FINANCIAL REPORT Paris – September 8  2023 Klépierre announced the public release and the filing of its first-half 2023 financial report with the Autorité des marchés financiers on S…,REGULATED RELEASEKLÉPIERRE RELEASESITS FIRST-HALF 2023 FINANCIAL REPORTParis – September 8  2023Klépierre announced the public release and the filing of its first-half 2023 financial report with the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) on September 8 2023. It may be read and downloaded from the Klépierre website  www.klepierre.com  under the “Finance” section.INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Paul Logerot  Group Head of IR and Financial Communication+33 (0)7 50 66 05 63 — paul.logerot@klepierre.comHugo Martins  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 11 63 24 — hugo.martins@klepierre.comTanguy Phelippeau  IR Officer+33 (0)7 72 09 29 57 — tanguy.phelippeau@klepierre.com Helene Salmon  Group Head of Communications+33 (0)6 43 41 97 18 — helene.salmon@klepierre.comWandrille Clermontel  Taddeo+33 (0)6 33 05 48 50 – teamklepierre@taddeo.frABOUT KLÉPIERREKlépierre is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company’s portfolio is valued at €19.4 billion at June 30  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia’s number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP’s “A-list”. These distinctions underscore the Group’s commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.For more information  please visit the newsroom on our website: www.klepierre.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['KLÉPIERRE RELEASES', 'FINANCIAL REPORT', 'FIRST-HALF', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS', 'number one shopping center owner', 'des marchés financiers', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'large shopping centers', 'asset management skills', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'first-half 2023 financial report', 'KLÉPIERRE RELEASES', 'Klépierre website', 'shopping malls', 'property development', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'Financial Communication', 'REGULATED RELEASE', 'public release', 'Finance” section', 'Wandrille Clermontel', 'European leader', 'The Company', 'controlling stake', 'Strøm', 'French REIT', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC Next', 'CAC SBT', 'global leadership', 'climate change', 'Group Head', 'IR Officer', 'Tanguy Phelippeau', 'IR Manager', 'Paul Logerot', 'Hugo Martins', 'Helene Salmon', 'September', 'filing', 'AMF', 'klepierre', 'Communications', 'Taddeo', 'portfolio', 'June', '10 countries', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'visitors', 'year', 'Steen', 'Scandinavia', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'distinctions', 'commitment', 'fight', 'information', 'newsroom', 'Attachment', '7', '6']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2739873/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program,Update on the Share Buyback Program  Period from 31 August 2023 to 6 September 2023  On 28 July 2023  Bekaert announced the start of the...,Update on the Share Buyback ProgramPeriod from 31 August 2023 to 6 September 2023On 28 July 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the seventh tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Seventh Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 31 August 2023 to 6 September 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 45 023 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the seventh tranche of the Program during the period from 31 August 2023 to 6 September 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 31 August 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 272 43.69 43.84 43.24 142 954 MTF CBOE 1 337 43.70 43.86 43.22 58 427 MTF Turquoise 330 43.65 43.68 43.36 14 405 MTF Aquis 422 43.69 43.80 43.24 18 437 1 September 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 735 43.96 44.08 43.70 252 111 MTF CBOE 821 43.85 43.98 43.70 36 001 MTF Turquoise 313 43.90 43.98 43.74 13 741 MTF Aquis 574 43.94 43.98 43.68 25 222 4 September 2023 Euronext Brussels 9 006 43.84 44.56 43.50 394 823 MTF CBOE 3 146 43.84 44.48 43.40 137 921 MTF Turquoise 766 43.84 44.48 43.50 33 581 MTF Aquis 998 43.84 44.56 43.54 43 752 5 September 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 040 43.70 43.80 43.40 351 348 MTF CBOE 3 550 43.67 43.80 43.40 155 029 MTF Turquoise 758 43.70 43.80 43.40 33 125 MTF Aquis 975 43.71 43.76 43.46 42 617 6 September 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 202 43.44 43.64 43.34 139 095 MTF CBOE 1 130 43.45 43.70 43.34 49 099 MTF Turquoise 286 43.42 43.56 43.34 12 418 MTF Aquis 362 43.46 43.66 43.36 15 733 Total 45 023 43.75 44.56 43.22 1 969 839On 6 September 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 813 393 own shares  or 5.03% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'Share Buyback Program Period', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Date Market Number', 'Shares Average Price', 'share capital', 'total number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'seventh tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'outstanding shares', '45 023 shares', 'Update', '31 August', '6 September', '28 July', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'Amount', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '813 393']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740233/0/en/Monthly-information-related-to-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital-_August-31-2023.html,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _August 31  2023,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _August 31  2023.  Article 223-16 of general......,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _August 31  2023.Article 223-16 of general regulation of French Autorité des Marchés FinanciersLyon – FranceListing markets:Euronext Paris from Euronext (Market segment C - ISIN Code: FR0011471135- Symbol: ERYP) &Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United-States (Symbol : ERYP)Website : www.erytech.comDate Total of shares composing the share capital Total of brut (1) voting rightsTotal of net (2) voting rightsJanuary 31  2023 31 018 553 32 514 77132 512 271February 28  2023 31 018 553 32 516 875 32 514 375 March 31  2023 31 018 553 32 521 652 32 519 152 April 30  2023 31 018 553 32 521 642 32 519 142 May 15  2023 34 120 298 35 623 387 35 620 887 May 31  2023 34 120 298 35 623 630 35 621 130 June 26  2023 60 751 054 62 254 388 62 251 888 July 31  2023 60 751 054 62 254 443 62 251 943 August 31  2023 60 751 054 62 253 180 62 250 680(1) Gross voting rights number (or « theoretical » voting rights) is used as a basis for calculating the crossing of the threshold. In accordance with article 223-11 of general regulation of Autorité des Marchés Financiers  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares carrying the single and double voting rights  including shares without voting rights.(2) Without treasury shares.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Gross voting rights number', 'Market segment C', 'theoretical » voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'share capital Total', 'total number', 'general regulation', 'Listing markets', 'ISIN Code', 'Date Total', 'Euronext Paris', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'Article', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Symbol', 'ERYP', 'United-States', 'Website', 'brut', 'net', 'January', 'February', 'April', 'May', 'June', 'basis', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'accordance', 'single', 'Attachment']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Environnement-launches-a-new-employee-stock-ownership-plan-offered-to-nearly-190-000-Group-44805650/,Veolia Environnement : launches a new employee stock ownership plan offered to nearly 190 000 Group employees -Yesterday at 01:51 pm,(marketscreener.com)   PDF   Press release: Paris  8 september 2023 - employee stock ownership plan       Veolia Environnement announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation. This operation  offered to approximately 190 000 Group emp…,Veolia Environnement announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation. This operation  offered to approximately 190 000 Group employees  aims to involve them in Veolia's development and performance. The settlement and delivery of the new shares to be issued is expected to take place on December 13  2023The main terms of this transaction are described below.Issuing companyVeolia Environnement  a public limited company incorporated under French lawListing: Euronext Paris (France)Ordinary share ISIN code: FR0000124141 VIEObjectives of the operationThis shareholding plan is part of the Group's policy of developing employee shareholding and aims to strengthen the position of employees as its largest shareholder. With this operation  Veolia wishes to involve its employees  both in France and abroad  even more closely in the Group's development  by offering them the possibility of subscribing directly or indirectly for Veolia Environnement shares.Framework of the operation - Securities offeredThe offer is proposed within the framework of the Veolia Environnement group savings plan and international group savings plan in accordance with Articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labour Code and on the basis of the shareholders' authorisation granted by the 19th resolution of the combined general meeting of April 27  2023. Implementation of the offering on the basis of the resolution referred to above has been decided by the Board of Directors on May 3  2023. The offer concerns a maximum number of 14 291 487 shares (i.e. approximately 2% of the share capital at the date of the combined general meeting of April 27  2023).The dates of the subscription/revocation period and the subscription price will be determined by a decision of the Chief Executive Officer  acting by delegation of the Board of Directors  scheduled for 8 November 2023. The subscription price shall be equal to the average of the closing prices of the Veolia Environnement share on Euronext Paris during the twenty (20) trading days preceding the aforementioned decision of the Chief Executive Officer (reference price)  less a discount of 15% and rounded up to the next euro cent.The new shares will carry immediate dividend rights.Indicative timetable of the transactionThe timetable below is provided for information purposes only and may be modified due to events affecting the proper conduct of the transaction.Reservation period: from September 8  2023 to September 29  2023 (inclusive)Subscription price setting: 8 November 2023Subscription/revocation period: 10 to 13 November 2023 (inclusive)Settlement and delivery of the offer: 13 December 2023Terms and conditions of subscriptionBeneficiaries of the offerThe offer is made pursuant to Articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labour Code  within the framework of the Group Savings Plan (PEG) and the International Group Savings Plan (PEGI) of Veolia Environnement. In the United Kingdom  employees can also invest in Veolia Environnement shares under the Share Incentive Plan.It is open to employees of Veolia Environnement SA and participating subsidiaries in France and in 48 jurisdictions worldwide  with at least three months' service with the Group at the closing date of the revocation period.Retired and early-retired former employees who have retained assets in the PEG since leaving the Group are eligible for the operation  without the benefit of the matching contribution.Subscription formulasBeneficiaries can subscribe to Veolia Environnement shares through two distinct offers  a secured offer with leverage effect and a classic offer:The secured offer with leverage effect: the subscriber benefits from a gross matching contribution of 100% of his/her personal contribution up to a limit of 300 euros  a guarantee of his/her total investment  including the matching contribution  and the higher of either (i) a minimum guaranteed return at predetermined rate on his/her investment  including the matching contribution  or (ii) a multiple of the possible increase in the Veolia Environnement share price.The classic offer: the subscriber invests in Veolia Environnement shares with a 15% discount on the reference price. The investment made in the classic offer presents a risk of capital loss insofar as it will follow the evolution of the Veolia Environnement share price  both upwards and downwards.Method of holding the sharesSubscriptions are made through an FCPE or  in some countries  through direct shareholding.The voting rights attached to the securities held in the FCPE will be exercised by the FCPE's Supervisory Board. Voting rights relating to securities held directly will be exercised by the subscriber.UnavailabilityThe shares subscribed directly and the units of the FCPE will be blocked until June 1st  2028 unless one of the cases of early release provided for by Articles L. 3332-25 and R. 3324-22 of the French Labour Code  as applicable in the various countries where the offer is deployed  occurs.Hedging transactionsThe secured leveraged offer implies that the counterparty bank of the said offer will carry out hedging transactions  on and/or off the markets  by means of purchases and/or sales of shares  purchase of call options and/or any other transactions  at any time and in particular as from the opening date of the period for determining the subscription price and throughout the duration of the operation.Listing of the sharesVeolia Environnement shares are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The newly issued Veolia Environnement shares will be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris as soon as possible after the completion of the capital increase. They will be admitted on the same quotation line as the existing shares (ISIN code: FR 0000124141-VIE) and will be fully assimilated to them as soon as they are admitted for trading.Specific mention for the international marketThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to subscribe for Veolia Environnement shares. The offer of Veolia Environnement shares is strictly reserved for the above-mentioned beneficiaries and will be made only in those countries where  if applicable  such an offer has been registered with or notified to the competent local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in consideration of an exemption from the obligation to prepare a prospectus or to register or notify the offer.More generally  the offer will only be made in countries where all required registration procedures and/or notifications will have been carried out and the necessary authorisations obtained.The Veolia Environnement shares that may be acquired in this offer are not subject to any recommendation by governmental market or regulatory authorities. No advice or recommendation to invest is given by Veolia Environnement or any employer. The investment decision is a personal decision  which must be made by each employee taking into account his/her or her financial resources  investment objectives  personal tax situation  other investment alternatives and the fact that the value of a listed share is fluctuating. In this respect  beneficiaries are invited to consider diversification of their investment portfolio to ensure that the envisaged risk is not too concentrated in a single investment.The offer is made on a voluntary basis by Veolia Environnement. Neither Veolia Environnement nor the employers are obliged to repeat the offer or to make similar offers in the future. The terms and conditions of the offer do not form part of the employees' employment contracts.About VeoliaVeolia group aims to be the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 230 000 employees worldwide  the Group designs and provides game-changing solutions that are both useful and practical for water  waste and energy management. Through its three complementary business activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  preserve available resources  and replenish them. In 2022  the Veolia group provided 111 million people with drinking water and 97 million with sanitation  produced nearly 44 terawatt hours and recovered 61 million tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of €42.885 billion in 2022. www.veolia.com,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.02,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['new employee stock ownership plan', 'Veolia Environnement', '190,000 Group employees', '01:51', 'Veolia Environnement group savings plan', 'Ordinary share ISIN code', 'international group savings plan', 'Veolia Environnement share price', 'Share Incentive Plan', 'new employee shareholding operation', 'French Labour Code', 'French law Listing', 'combined general meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'twenty (20) trading days', 'next euro cent', ""three months' service"", 'two distinct offers', 'minimum guaranteed return', 'Veolia Environnement SA', 'public limited company', 'immediate dividend rights', 'Veolia Environnement shares', 'Subscription price setting', 'early-retired former employees', 'gross matching contribution', 'shareholding plan', 'share capital', 'new shares', 'reference price', 'Issuing company', 'direct shareholding', 'voting rights', 'personal contribution', 'Euronext Paris', 'largest shareholder', 'Articles L.', ""shareholders' authorisation"", 'maximum number', 'subscription/revocation period', 'closing prices', 'information purposes', 'proper conduct', 'Reservation period', 'United Kingdom', 'participating subsidiaries', 'Subscription formulas', 'leverage effect', 'possible increase', 'capital loss', 'early release', '190,000 Group employees', 'main terms', '19th resolution', 'Indicative timetable', 'closing date', 'various countries', 'secured offer', 'classic offer', 'leveraged offer', 'total investment', 'Supervisory Board', '14,291,487 shares', 'launch', 'development', 'performance', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'place', 'December', 'transaction', 'France', 'VIE', 'Objectives', 'policy', 'position', 'possibility', 'Framework', 'Securities', 'accordance', 'basis', 'April', 'Implementation', 'offering', 'Directors', 'May', 'dates', 'decision', 'delegation', '8 November', 'average', 'less', 'discount', 'events', 'September', '13 November', 'conditions', 'Beneficiaries', 'PEG', '48 jurisdictions', 'assets', 'benefit', 'subscriber', '300 euros', 'rate', 'risk', 'evolution', 'Method', 'Subscriptions', 'FCPE', 'Unavailability', 'units', 'June', 'cases', 'R.', '10']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740227/0/en/Ipsen-Monthly-information-relative-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital.html,Ipsen - Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital   (in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the......,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital(in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market: Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010259150LEI: 549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11Date Total number of shares composing the share capital Total number of voting rights (1) 31 August 2023 83 814 526 Gross total* of voting rights: 132 119 265 Net total** of voting rights: 131 119 708(1) Existence of a statutory clause imposing an obligation to declare threshold crossing complementary to the one relative to the legal thresholds (Article 10).* Gross total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  including the number of shares which benefit of double voting rights and the number of treasury shares. The « Gross total » is used as a basis for the calculation of threshold crossings.** Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares – shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Ipsen', 'information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'double voting rights', 'ISIN Code', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory clause', 'legal thresholds', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Article L.', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'accordance', 'Market', 'LEI', 'Date', 'August', 'Existence', 'obligation', 'basis', 'calculation', 'Attachment']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPANHIA-BRASILEIRA-DE-D-9969992/news/Companhia-Brasileira-de-Distribuicao-Netherlands-B-MATERIAL-FACT-Form-6-K-44803490/,Companhia Brasileira de Distribuiçao Netherlands B : MATERIAL FACT - Form 6-K -Yesterday at 08:39 am,(marketscreener.com)  MATERIAL FACT   Companhia Brasileira de Distribuição   pursuant to Law No. 6 404 of December 15  1976  as in force and the Resolution of the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission No. 44 of August 23  2021  hereby informs its s…,"MATERIAL FACTCompanhia Brasileira de Distribuição ("" GPA "" or "" Company "")  pursuant to Law No. 6 404 of December 15  1976  as in force and the Resolution of the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission ("" CVM "") No. 44 of August 23  2021  hereby informs its shareholders and the market that its controlling shareholder  Casino Guichard Perrachon  proposed to initiate negotiations for the sale of the Company's indirect equity interest in Cnova N.V. ("" CNova "")  to an entity of the Casino group  for a price to be defined and agreed by the parties  following standard financial valuation methods.CNova is a Dutch company in the business of electronic commerce and with its shares traded on the Euronext Paris. GPA holds an indirect equity interest of 34% in CNova's capital stock and Casino holds 64 8%.The proposal was submitted to the analysis of the Board of Directors  which  due to the characteristics of the potential transaction  opted for the creation of a special independent committee  formed by the 3 independent members of the Company's Board of Directors  which will have the function of analyzing and negotiating its terms and conditions  with the support of independent legal and financial advisors specially hired for this purpose  including for the issuance of a fairness opinion.GPA will keep the market and its shareholders informed of any new material facts related to this matter.São Paulo  September 8  2023.Rafael RussowskyVice-President of Finance and Investor Relations Officer",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Companhia Brasileira de Distribuiçao Netherlands B', 'MATERIAL FACT', 'Form', '08', 'Companhia Brasileira de Distribuição', 'standard financial valuation methods', 'São Paulo', 'indirect equity interest', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'new material facts', 'special independent committee', 'Casino Guichard Perrachon', 'Cnova N.V.', 'financial advisors', '3 independent members', 'independent legal', 'Law No.', 'Brazilian Securities', 'Exchange Commission', 'controlling shareholder', 'Casino group', 'electronic commerce', 'Euronext Paris', 'capital stock', 'potential transaction', 'fairness opinion', 'Rafael Russowsky', 'Dutch company', 'GPA', 'December', 'force', 'Resolution', 'CVM', 'August', 'shareholders', 'market', 'negotiations', 'sale', 'entity', 'price', 'parties', 'business', 'shares', 'proposal', 'analysis', 'Board', 'Directors', 'characteristics', 'creation', 'function', 'terms', 'conditions', 'support', 'purpose', 'issuance', 'matter', 'Vice-President', 'Finance']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Environnement-PR-Veolia-launches-a-new-employee-stock-ownership-plan-offered-to-nearly-19-44805621/,Veolia Environnement : PR - Veolia launches a new employee stock ownership plan offered to nearly 190 000 Group employees -Yesterday at 01:45 pm,(marketscreener.com)    Veolia launches a new employee stock ownership plan   offered to nearly 190 000 Group employees   Veolia Environnement announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation. This operation  offered to approximately 190…,Veolia launches a new employee stock ownership planoffered to nearly 190 000 Group employeesVeolia Environnement announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation. This operation  offered to approximately 190 000 Group employees  aims to involve them in Veolia's development and performance. The settlement and delivery of the new shares to be issued is expected to take place on December 13  2023.The main terms of this transaction are described below.Issuing companyVeolia Environnement  a public limited company incorporated under French lawListing: Euronext Paris (France)Ordinary share ISIN code: FR0000124141 VIEObjectives of the operationThis shareholding plan is part of the Group's policy of developing employee shareholding and aims to strengthen the position of employees as its largest shareholder. With this operation  Veolia wishes to involve its employees  both in France and abroad  even more closely in the Group's development  by offering them the possibility of subscribing directly or indirectly for Veolia Environnement shares.Framework of the operation - Securities offeredThe offer is proposed within the framework of the Veolia Environnement group savings plan and international group savings plan in accordance with Articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labour Code and on the basis of the shareholders' authorisation granted by the 19th resolution of the combined general meeting of April 27  2023. Implementation of the offering on the basis of the resolution referred to above has been decided by the Board of Directors on May 3  2023. The offer concerns a maximum number of 14 291 487 shares (i.e. approximately 2% of the share capital at the date of the combined general meeting of April 27  2023).The dates of the subscription/revocation period and the subscription price will be determined by a decision of the Chief Executive Officer  acting by delegation of the Board of Directors  scheduled for 8 November 2023. The subscription price shall be equal to the average of the closing prices of the Veolia Environnement share on Euronext Paris during the twenty (20) trading days preceding the aforementioned decision of the Chief Executive Officer (reference price)  less a discount of 15% and rounded up to the next euro cent.The new shares will carry immediate dividend rights.Indicative timetable of the transactionThe timetable below is provided for information purposes only and may be modified due to events affecting the proper conduct of the transaction.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['new employee stock ownership plan', '190,000 Group employees', 'Veolia Environnement', 'PR', '01:45', 'new employee stock ownership plan', 'Veolia Environnement group savings plan', 'international group savings plan', 'Ordinary share ISIN code', 'new employee shareholding operation', 'French Labour Code', 'French law Listing', 'combined general meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'twenty (20) trading days', 'next euro cent', 'immediate dividend rights', 'public limited company', 'Veolia Environnement share', 'shareholding plan', 'new shares', 'share capital', 'Issuing company', '190,000 Group employees', 'main terms', 'Euronext Paris', 'largest shareholder', 'Articles L.', ""shareholders' authorisation"", 'maximum number', 'subscription/revocation period', 'subscription price', 'closing prices', 'reference price', 'information purposes', 'proper conduct', '19th resolution', 'Indicative timetable', '14,291,487 shares', 'launch', 'development', 'performance', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'place', 'December', 'transaction', 'France', 'VIE', 'Objectives', 'part', 'policy', 'position', 'possibility', 'Framework', 'Securities', 'offer', 'accordance', 'basis', 'April', 'Implementation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'date', 'decision', 'delegation', '8 November', 'average', 'less', 'discount', 'events']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-Partners-with-REPAY-to-Deliver-Exceptional-Payment-Experiences-with-Accounts-Payable-Automa-44803076/,Quadient Partners with REPAY to Deliver Exceptional Payment Experiences with Accounts Payable Automation Solution,(marketscreener.com) Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a technology partnership with Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation   a leading provider of vertically-in…,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a technology partnership with Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ: RPAY)(“REPAY”)  a leading provider of vertically-integrated payment solutions  to enhance the payment experience within Quadient’s cloud-based accounts payable (AP) automation solution. REPAY serves multiple Business Payments verticals in North America  including retail automotive  education  field services  governments and municipalities  healthcare  media  homeowner association management and hospitality.With the new REPAY integration  Quadient AP enables frictionless payments to vendors and suppliers using their preferred method and channel of payment. Quadient AP with REPAY optimizes and automates the AP process  saving time  reducing costs and increasing visibility and control. Quadient AP instantly generates a payments batch that can be submitted to signing authorities for approval in seconds  and it eliminates manual processes that can lead to errors and duplicate payments.“We are delighted to partner with REPAY  which shares our passion for intelligent automation and helping organizations streamline and digitize their workflows ” said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation at Quadient. “This strategic partnership will simplify payment workflows and optimize financial operations for businesses of all sizes  so their accounting teams can spend less time on manual processes andfocus more on adding strategic value.”“REPAY and Quadient are committed to enhancing customer and vendor experiences through automated accounts payable processes ” said Darin Horrocks  EVP  Business Payments at REPAY. “Integrating payment capabilities within the Quadient AP solution further optimizes accounts payable  improving cash flow and increasing efficiencies for AP teams. We look forward to working together to drive additional innovative experiences in the future.”Quadient AP is part of the Quadient Hub  a comprehensive and unified software-as-a-service platform for Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation (ICA) cloud solutions. To learn more about Quadient AP  visit www.quadient.com/en/ap-automation.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.27,0.21,True,English,"['Accounts Payable Automation Solution', 'Exceptional Payment Experiences', 'Quadient Partners', 'REPAY', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'three key solution areas', 'Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation', 'multiple Business Payments verticals', 'automated accounts payable processes', 'chief solution officer', 'cloud-based accounts payable', 'homeowner association management', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'additional innovative experiences', 'ICA) cloud solutions', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'meaningful customer connections', 'AP) automation solution', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'new REPAY integration', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'Quadient AP solution', 'intelligent automation', 'manual processes', 'vendor experiences', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'frictionless payments', 'payments batch', 'duplicate payments', 'payment experience', 'AP process', 'AP teams', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'technology partnership', 'leading provider', 'North America', 'retail automotive', 'field services', 'preferred method', 'Chris Hartigan', 'strategic partnership', 'financial operations', 'accounting teams', 'strategic value', 'Darin Horrocks', 'cash flow', 'unified software', 'service platform', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'payment capabilities', 'less time', 'Quadient Hub', 'Quadient shares', 'Joe Scolaro', 'payment workflows', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'NASDAQ', 'RPAY', 'education', 'governments', 'municipalities', 'healthcare', 'media', 'hospitality', 'vendors', 'suppliers', 'costs', 'visibility', 'control', 'authorities', 'approval', 'seconds', 'errors', 'passion', 'organizations', 'sizes', 'EVP', 'efficiencies', 'future', 'comprehensive', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communications', 'Ext.', 'Attachment']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2739997/0/en/Stellantis-Celebrates-Opening-of-Its-First-Battery-Technology-Center-in-Italy.html,Stellantis Celebrates Opening of Its First Battery Technology Center in Italy,Stellantis Celebrates Opening of Its First Battery Technology Center in Italy  State-of-the-art  €40 million Battery Technology Center at Mirafiori...,Stellantis Celebrates Opening of Its First Battery Technology Center in ItalyState-of-the-art   €40 million Battery Technology Center at Mir a fiori complex in Turin  Italy  enables in-house testing and development of EV battery packs for upcoming Stellantis brand productsWith 8 000 square meters and 32 climatic test cells   it is the largest Battery Technology Center in Italy and one of the largest in EuropeVertically integrating the c apability to develop  test and manufacture battery packs and manage software is a key element of the Stellantis strategy to produce class-leading BEVs with customer-focused performance and lower costsStellantis is transforming engineering and manufacturing facilities around the world both to cope with the electrification shift and to meet the bold commitments of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic planTURIN  ITALY  September 8  2023 – Stellantis today celebrated the grand opening of its first Battery Technology Center  at the Mirafiori complex in Turin  Italy.The €40 million investment to develop this state-of-the-art center enhances Stellantis’ capabilities to design  develop and test battery packs  modules  high-voltage cells and software that will power upcoming Stellantis brand vehicles. The center is the biggest in Italy and among the largest in Europe.More than 100 employees at the Mirafiori Battery Technology Center  most of them upskilled Stellantis workers  will perform and oversee climatic stress tests  lifespan durability testing  battery management system (BMS) software development and calibration  and tear downs of packs and cells for analysis and benchmarking.Stellantis is also building a Battery Technology Center for North America  in Windsor  Ontario  Canada  as part of a global battery development and manufacturing network that will include six gigafactories.“We are in the midst of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to redefine mobility  providing smart and sustainable solutions for our customers ” said Ned Curic  Stellantis Chief Engineering and Technology Officer. “Our new Battery Technology Center at Mirafiori brings together the tools and talented people we need to design  test  verify and produce class-leading products that will meet our customers’ needs and accelerate bringing class-leading electric vehicles to customers around the world.”The opening of the Mirafiori Battery Technology Center reinforces the Stellantis commitment to Italy and its workforce there.Vertical integration of the key milestones for electric vehicle battery packs – from design  to development and testing  to production – form the heart of the Stellantis strategy to produce class-leading BEVs with customer-focused performance. As detailed in the EV Day 2021 presentation   the Stellantis battery plan includes a dual chemistry strategy to serve all customers  design efficiency in battery cells and modules  and housing and pack assembly  for cost competitiveness.The Mirafiori Battery Technology Center covers 8 000 square meters (86 111 square feet)  spread over three levels. The heart of the center is 32 climatic test chambers – 24 walk-in chambers for testing battery packs and eight chambers for testing cells.The climate in the 24 walk-in chambers can be controlled for humidity and temperature  with a range from -40 to 60 degrees Celsius (-40 to 140 degrees Fahrenheit) and a maximum change of 20 degrees per minute. The center can test up to 47 battery packs in parallel.Designed for future growth  the technology center’s power system can manage up to 1.2 kilovolts (kV) and 2.2 megawatts (MW) per test cell.The eight cell chambers are capable of testing 96 cells in parallel. This part of the technology center will be devoted mainly to screening innovative battery chemistry and cell behavior characterization for future development.As part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  Stellantis announced plans of reaching a 100% passenger car BEV sales mix in Europe and 50% passenger car and light-duty truck BEV sales mix in the United States by 2030. To achieve these sales targets  the Company is securing approximately 400 GWh of battery capacity  to be supported by six battery manufacturing plants in North America and Europe. Stellantis is on track to become a carbon net zero corporation by 2038  all scopes included  with single-digit percentage compensation of remaining emissions.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['First Battery Technology Center', 'Stellantis', 'Opening', 'Italy', 'light-duty truck BEV sales mix', '100% passenger car BEV sales mix', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'The Mirafiori Battery Technology Center', 'carbon net zero corporation', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'First Battery Technology Center', 'largest Battery Technology Center', 'new Battery Technology Center', 'upcoming Stellantis brand vehicles', 'electric vehicle battery packs', 'six battery manufacturing plants', 'upcoming Stellantis brand products', 'class-leading electric vehicles', 'climatic stress tests', 'EV Day 2021 presentation', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'Stellantis battery plan', 'battery management system', 'innovative battery chemistry', 'cell behavior characterization', 'EV battery packs', 'dual chemistry strategy', 'global battery development', 'lifespan durability testing', '32 climatic test chambers', 'Stellantis N.V.', '32 climatic test cells', 'eight cell chambers', 'Stellantis Chief Engineering', '50% passenger car', 'sales targets', 'sustainable solutions', '47 battery packs', 'Technology Officer', 'Mirafiori complex', 'battery capacity', 'innovative products', 'six gigafactories', 'class-leading products', 'battery cells', 'manufacturing facilities', 'manufacturing network', 'mobility provider', 'eight chambers', 'power system', 'Citroën', 'art center', 'Stellantis strategy', 'class-leading BEVs', '8,000 square meters', 'c apability', 'key element', 'customer-focused performance', 'lower costs', 'electrification shift', 'bold commitments', '€40 million investment', 'Stellantis’ capabilities', 'Stellantis workers', 'North America', 'lifetime opportunity', 'Ned Curic', 'talented people', 'Stellantis commitment', 'Vertical integration', 'key milestones', 'pack assembly', 'cost competitiveness', '86,111 square feet', 'three levels', 'maximum change', 'future growth', 'United States', 'remaining emissions', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'future development', 'house testing', 'high-voltage cells', 'grand opening', 'customers’ needs', 'software development', '96 cells', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'world', 'modules', 'More', '100 employees', 'BMS', 'calibration', 'tear', 'downs', 'analysis', 'benchmarking', 'Windsor', 'Ontario', 'Canada', 'part', 'midst', 'smart', 'tools', 'workforce', 'design', 'production', 'heart', 'efficiency', 'housing', 'climate', '24 walk', 'humidity', 'temperature', 'range', '140 degrees', '20 degrees', 'minute', 'parallel', '1.2 kilovolts', 'kV', '2.2 megawatts', 'MW', 'plans', '400 GWh', 'track', 'scopes', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Celebrates-Opening-of-Its-First-Battery-Technology-Center-in-Italy-44802618/,Stellantis Celebrates Opening of Its First Battery Technology Center in Italy -Yesterday at 07:02 am,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Celebrates Opening of Its First Battery Technology Center in Italy State-of-the-art  €40 million Battery Technology Center at Mirafiori complex in Turin  Italy  enables in-house testing and development of EV battery packs for u…,Stellantis Celebrates Opening of Its First Battery Technology Center in ItalyState-of-the-art   €40 million Battery Technology Center at Mir a fiori complex in Turin  Italy  enables in-house testing and development of EV battery packs for upcoming Stellantis brand productsWith 8 000 square meters and 32 climatic test cells   it is the largest Battery Technology Center in Italy and one of the largest in EuropeVertically integrating the c apability to develop  test and manufacture battery packs and manage software is a key element of the Stellantis strategy to produce class-leading BEVs with customer-focused performance and lower costsStellantis is transforming engineering and manufacturing facilities around the world both to cope with the electrification shift and to meet the bold commitments of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic planTURIN  ITALY  September 8  2023 – Stellantis today celebrated the grand opening of its first Battery Technology Center  at the Mirafiori complex in Turin  Italy.The €40 million investment to develop this state-of-the-art center enhances Stellantis’ capabilities to design  develop and test battery packs  modules  high-voltage cells and software that will power upcoming Stellantis brand vehicles. The center is the biggest in Italy and among the largest in Europe.More than 100 employees at the Mirafiori Battery Technology Center  most of them upskilled Stellantis workers  will perform and oversee climatic stress tests  lifespan durability testing  battery management system (BMS) software development and calibration  and tear downs of packs and cells for analysis and benchmarking.Stellantis is also building a Battery Technology Center for North America  in Windsor  Ontario  Canada  as part of a global battery development and manufacturing network that will include six gigafactories.“We are in the midst of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to redefine mobility  providing smart and sustainable solutions for our customers ” said Ned Curic  Stellantis Chief Engineering and Technology Officer. “Our new Battery Technology Center at Mirafiori brings together the tools and talented people we need to design  test  verify and produce class-leading products that will meet our customers’ needs and accelerate bringing class-leading electric vehicles to customers around the world.”The opening of the Mirafiori Battery Technology Center reinforces the Stellantis commitment to Italy and its workforce there.Vertical integration of the key milestones for electric vehicle battery packs – from design  to development and testing  to production – form the heart of the Stellantis strategy to produce class-leading BEVs with customer-focused performance. As detailed in the EV Day 2021 presentation   the Stellantis battery plan includes a dual chemistry strategy to serve all customers  design efficiency in battery cells and modules  and housing and pack assembly  for cost competitiveness.The Mirafiori Battery Technology Center covers 8 000 square meters (86 111 square feet)  spread over three levels. The heart of the center is 32 climatic test chambers – 24 walk-in chambers for testing battery packs and eight chambers for testing cells.The climate in the 24 walk-in chambers can be controlled for humidity and temperature  with a range from -40 to 60 degrees Celsius (-40 to 140 degrees Fahrenheit) and a maximum change of 20 degrees per minute. The center can test up to 47 battery packs in parallel.Designed for future growth  the technology center’s power system can manage up to 1.2 kilovolts (kV) and 2.2 megawatts (MW) per test cell.The eight cell chambers are capable of testing 96 cells in parallel. This part of the technology center will be devoted mainly to screening innovative battery chemistry and cell behavior characterization for future development.As part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  Stellantis announced plans of reaching a 100% passenger car BEV sales mix in Europe and 50% passenger car and light-duty truck BEV sales mix in the United States by 2030. To achieve these sales targets  the Company is securing approximately 400 GWh of battery capacity  to be supported by six battery manufacturing plants in North America and Europe. Stellantis is on track to become a carbon net zero corporation by 2038  all scopes included  with single-digit percentage compensation of remaining emissions.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['First Battery Technology Center', 'Stellantis', 'Opening', 'Italy', 'Yesterday', '07:02', 'light-duty truck BEV sales mix', '100% passenger car BEV sales mix', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'The Mirafiori Battery Technology Center', 'carbon net zero corporation', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'First Battery Technology Center', 'largest Battery Technology Center', 'new Battery Technology Center', 'upcoming Stellantis brand vehicles', 'electric vehicle battery packs', 'six battery manufacturing plants', 'upcoming Stellantis brand products', 'class-leading electric vehicles', 'climatic stress tests', 'EV Day 2021 presentation', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'Stellantis battery plan', 'battery management system', 'innovative battery chemistry', 'cell behavior characterization', 'EV battery packs', 'dual chemistry strategy', 'global battery development', 'lifespan durability testing', '32 climatic test chambers', 'Stellantis N.V.', '32 climatic test cells', 'eight cell chambers', 'Stellantis Chief Engineering', '50% passenger car', 'sales targets', 'sustainable solutions', '47 battery packs', 'Technology Officer', 'Mirafiori complex', 'battery capacity', 'innovative products', 'six gigafactories', 'class-leading products', 'battery cells', 'manufacturing facilities', 'manufacturing network', 'mobility provider', 'eight chambers', 'power system', 'Citroën', 'art center', 'Stellantis strategy', 'class-leading BEVs', '8,000 square meters', 'c apability', 'key element', 'customer-focused performance', 'lower costs', 'electrification shift', 'bold commitments', '€40 million investment', 'Stellantis’ capabilities', 'Stellantis workers', 'North America', 'lifetime opportunity', 'Ned Curic', 'talented people', 'Stellantis commitment', 'Vertical integration', 'key milestones', 'pack assembly', 'cost competitiveness', '86,111 square feet', 'three levels', 'maximum change', 'future growth', 'United States', 'remaining emissions', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'future development', 'house testing', 'high-voltage cells', 'grand opening', 'customers’ needs', 'software development', '96 cells', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'world', 'modules', 'More', '100 employees', 'BMS', 'calibration', 'tear', 'downs', 'analysis', 'benchmarking', 'Windsor', 'Ontario', 'Canada', 'part', 'midst', 'smart', 'tools', 'workforce', 'design', 'production', 'heart', 'efficiency', 'housing', 'climate', '24 walk', 'humidity', 'temperature', 'range', '140 degrees', '20 degrees', 'minute', 'parallel', '1.2 kilovolts', 'kV', '2.2 megawatts', 'MW', 'plans', '400 GWh', 'track', 'scopes', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2739865/0/en/Publication-of-a-transparency-notification-Regulated-information.html,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information(Article 14 of the law of May 2  2007 on the......,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information(Article 14 of the law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings)Mortsel  Belgium – September 8  2023 – 7.45 a.m. CETAccording to Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  the threshold as from which a shareholding needs to be disclosed  has been set at 3%  5% and a multiple of 5%.In conformity with the Law of May 2  2007 regarding the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Agfa-Gevaert (Euronext: AGFB) discloses the following declaration:Dimensional Fund Advisors LP declared on September 6  2023  that as per August 31  2023  it holds a stake in Agfa-Gevaert of 4 633 387 shares or 2.99% (denominator is 154 820 528)  thus crossing the 3% threshold downwards.Full chain of controlled undertakingsDimensional Holding Inc. (in its capacity as general partner of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP) is the ultimate controller but Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (and its subsidiaries) are the discretionary investment managers who exercise the voting rights associated with the shares held in the funds and segregated accounts (collectively  the “Accounts”) they manage. Pursuant to voting agreements  David Booth and Rex Sinquefield  both shareholders of Dimensional Holdings Inc.  have the power to appoint the majority of the directors of the entity. None of the persons subject to the notification requirements are the beneficial owners of the shares  which are owned by the “Accounts”.Additional informationPlease note that Dimensional Fund Advisors LP also have investment management discretion over an additional 27 960 shares where the voting rights are not controlled by Dimensional or its subsidiary undertakings.Notifications of important shareholdings to be made according to the Law of May 2  2007 or Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  should be sent to viviane.dictus@agfa.com.About Agfa-GevaertThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds three divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT and Digital Print & Chemicals. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2022  the Group (including the Offset Solutions division) realized a turnover of 1 857 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate Communicationstel. ++32 0 3 444 7124e-mail: viviane.dictus@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'Publication', 'Dimensional Fund Advisors LP', 'Dimensional Holding Inc.', 'Dimensional Holdings Inc.', 'discretionary investment managers', 'investment management discretion', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', 'The Group', 'transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'significant shareholdings', 'listed companies', 'following declaration', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'general partner', 'ultimate controller', 'voting rights', 'voting agreements', 'David Booth', 'Rex Sinquefield', 'notification requirements', 'beneficial owners', 'Additional information', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'important shareholdings', 'leading company', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'three divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Solutions division', '1,857 million Euro', 'Corporate Communications', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'segregated accounts', 'additional 27,960 shares', '4,633,387 shares', 'Publication', 'Article', 'law', 'May', 'disclosure', 'Mortsel', 'Belgium', 'September', '7.45 a', 'CET', 'threshold', 'multiple', 'conformity', 'Euronext', 'AGFB', 'August', 'stake', 'denominator', 'capacity', 'subsidiaries', 'funds', 'shareholders', 'power', 'majority', 'directors', 'entity', 'None', 'persons', 'Notifications', 'over', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'market', 'analogue', 'Contact', 'tel', 'mail', 'Attachment', '2.']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AGFA-GEVAERT-NV-5951/news/Publication-of-a-transparency-notification-ndash-Regulated-information-44799690/,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information,(marketscreener.com)                                         Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information Mortsel  Belgium – September 8  2023...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AGFA-GEVAERT-NV-5951/news/Publication-of-a-transp…,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information(Article 14 of the law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings)Mortsel  Belgium – September8  2023 – 7.45 a.m. CETAccording to Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  the threshold as from which a shareholding needs to be disclosed  has been set at 3%  5% and a multiple of 5%.In conformity with the Law of May 2  2007 regarding the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Agfa-Gevaert (Euronext: AGFB) discloses the following declaration:Dimensional Fund Advisors LP declared on September 6  2023  that as per August 31  2023  it holds a stake in Agfa-Gevaert of 4 633 387 shares or 2.99% (denominator is 154 820 528)  thus crossing the 3% threshold downwards.Full chain of controlled undertakingsDimensional Holding Inc. (in its capacity as general partner of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP) is the ultimate controller but Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (and its subsidiaries) are the discretionary investment managers who exercise the voting rights associated with the shares held in the funds and segregated accounts (collectively  the “Accounts”) they manage. Pursuant to voting agreements  David Booth and Rex Sinquefield  both shareholders of Dimensional Holdings Inc.  have the power to appoint the majority of the directors of the entity. None of the persons subject to the notification requirements are the beneficial owners of the shares  which are owned by the “Accounts”.Additional informationPlease note that Dimensional Fund Advisors LP also have investment management discretion over an additional 27 960 shares where the voting rights are not controlled by Dimensional or its subsidiary undertakings.Notifications of important shareholdings to be made according to the Law of May 2  2007 or Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  should be sent to viviane.dictus@agfa.com.About Agfa-GevaertThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds three divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT and Digital Print & Chemicals. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2022  the Group (including the Offset Solutions division) realized a turnover of 1 857 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate Communicationstel. ++32 0 3 444 7124e-mail: viviane.dictus@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'Publication', 'Dimensional Fund Advisors LP', 'Dimensional Holding Inc.', 'Dimensional Holdings Inc.', 'discretionary investment managers', 'investment management discretion', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', 'The Group', 'transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'significant shareholdings', 'listed companies', 'following declaration', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'general partner', 'ultimate controller', 'voting rights', 'voting agreements', 'David Booth', 'Rex Sinquefield', 'notification requirements', 'beneficial owners', 'Additional information', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'important shareholdings', 'leading company', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'three divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Solutions division', '1,857 million Euro', 'Corporate Communications', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'segregated accounts', 'additional 27,960 shares', '4,633,387 shares', 'Publication', 'Article', 'law', 'May', 'disclosure', 'Mortsel', 'Belgium', 'September', '7.45 a', 'CET', 'threshold', 'multiple', 'conformity', 'Euronext', 'AGFB', 'August', 'stake', 'denominator', 'capacity', 'subsidiaries', 'funds', 'shareholders', 'power', 'majority', 'directors', 'entity', 'None', 'persons', 'Notifications', 'over', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'market', 'analogue', 'Contact', 'tel', 'mail', 'Attachment', '2.']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740229/0/en/ATARI-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-SEPTEMBER-29-2023-Availability-and-consultation-of-preparatory-documents.html,ATARI: COMBINED GENERAL MEETING SEPTEMBER 29  2023 - Availability and consultation of preparatory documents,COMBINED GENERAL MEETING SEPTEMBER 29  2023Availability and consultation of preparatory documents(Articles R. 22-10-23 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code),"COMBINED GENERAL MEETINGSEPTEMBER 29  2023Availability and consultation of preparatory documents(Articles R. 22-10-23 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code)PARIS  FRANCE (September 8  2023 - 6:00 p.m.) - Shareholders of Atari (FR0010478248) are informed that a Combined General Meeting will be held on Friday  September 29  2023 at 3:00 p.m. at the Business Center Paris Trocadéro  112 avenue Kleber  75116 Paris.The notice of meeting  including the agenda  draft resolutions and the main conditions for attending and voting at this Meeting  was published in Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO) no. 101 of August 23  2023.The documents provided for in Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code are available to shareholders from the time the Meeting is convened.The documents provided for in article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code can be consulted and downloaded from the Shareholders' Meeting section of the Company's website (www.atari-investisseurs.fr).Shareholders are encouraged to vote by mail using the voting form or by Internet on the VOTACCESS secure voting platform  or to give their proxy to the Chairman of the Meeting or to a person of their choice using the same procedures. Shareholders are also encouraged to send all requests and documents electronically.The procedures for conducting the Annual General Meeting may change depending on health and/or legal requirements. Shareholders are also advised to consult the section dedicated to the Combined General Meeting of September 29  2023 on the Company's website: www.atari-investisseurs.fr / ""General Meetings"" section.About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com.Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2022 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.ne tListing Sponsor- EurolandTel +33 1 44 70 20 84Julia Bridger - jbridger@elcorp.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'preparatory documents', 'ATARI', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Availability', 'consultation', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'OTC Pink Current', 'French Commercial Code', 'secure voting platform', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Paris Trocadéro', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment company', ""Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'Articles L.', 'General Meetings', 'ISIN Code', 'voting form', 'Business Center', '112 avenue Kleber', 'draft resolutions', 'main conditions', 'legal requirements', 'licensed products', '200 unique games', 'world-renowned brands', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'New York', 'Ticker ALATA', 'Ticker PONGF', 'Investor Relations', 'Marie Calleux', 'Julia Bridger', 'Atari Interactive', 'same procedures', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'preparatory documents', '75116 Paris', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Availability', 'consultation', 'R.', 'FRANCE', 'Friday', 'notice', 'agenda', 'Obligatoires', 'BALO', 'August', 'time', 'website', 'atari-investisseurs', 'mail', 'Internet', 'proxy', 'Chairman', 'person', 'choice', 'requests', 'health', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'offices', 'logo', 'trademarks', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Calyptus', 'Euroland', 'jbridger', 'Attachment', '6:00', '3:00']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/economy/marketmind-apple-and-dollar-roil-markets-3170284,Marketmind: Apple and dollar roil markets By Reuters,Marketmind: Apple and dollar roil markets,Published Sep 08  2023 12:32AM ET© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: The German share price index DAX graph is pictured at the stock exchange in Frankfurt  Germany  August 24  2023. REUTERS/StaffAAPL +0.35% Add to/Remove from Watchlist USD/CNY +0.21% Add to/Remove from Watchlist STOXX +0.22% Add to/Remove from WatchlistA look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Ankur BanerjeeInvestors probably can't wait for the week to end  with worries over China's curbs on iPhones and the dollar's resurgence in the past few weeks casting a long shadow over the markets.Apple (NASDAQ: ) has seen about $200 billion (that's eleven zeros in total) wiped from its market capitalisation in two days on reports of China curbing iPhone use by state employees.The broader U.S. tech sector also took a hit  while shares of several major Apple suppliers in Asia slid on Friday. Nearly a fifth of Apple's revenue is generated in China  where thousands of workers are employed by the company and its suppliers.It all comes ahead of an Apple event next week where the $2.78 trillion company is expected to unveil its iPhone 15 line-up  as well as new smartwatches.Meanwhile  China's Huawei Technologies on Friday started presales for its Mate 60 Pro+ smartphone  adding a new version to a series that has captured global attention for revealing the Chinese tech firm's success in beating back against U.S. sanctions.Richly valued tech stocks have also felt the weight of rising U.S. yields as traders bet that elevated interest rates are here to stay for a while longer.That has resulted in the dollar's rampaging run in the past few weeks. Against a basket of currencies  the dollar is set to clock an eighth straight week of gains. The last time it had a similar run was in 2014.[FRX/]A Reuters poll of forex strategists suggests that the dollar's strength will be difficult to overcome for most major currencies by the end of the year.Demand for the U.S. currency has made life difficult for most other currencies  with the breaching a 16-year low and the yen straddling the weaker side of the psychologically important 145 per dollar line  keeping traders alert for possible intervention.And so with Europe waking up  investors are likely to have a volatile end to the week  with futures indicating a mixed open.The pan-European index has fallen for seven straight days  its worst string of losses since February 2018.Investor focus will also be on debt-ridden French supermarket retailer Casino after the markets operator Euronext said the retailer will be excluded from Paris' SBF-120 equity index of major companies.Key developments that could influence markets on Friday:Economic events: Germany's inflation data for August,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.01,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['dollar roil markets', 'Marketmind', 'Apple', 'Reuters', 'German share price index DAX graph', 'debt-ridden French supermarket retailer Casino', 'broader U.S. tech sector', ""Paris' SBF-120 equity index"", 'rising U.S. yields', 'several major Apple suppliers', 'U.S. sanctions', 'U.S. currency', 'Mate 60 Pro+ smartphone', 'elevated interest rates', 'seven straight days', 'most major currencies', 'most other currencies', 'A Reuters poll', 'eighth straight week', 'pan-European index', 'tech stocks', 'major companies', 'two days', 'stock exchange', 'Ankur Banerjee', 'long shadow', 'market capitalisation', 'iPhone use', 'state employees', 'Apple event', 'iPhone 15 line-up', 'new smartwatches', 'Huawei Technologies', 'new version', 'global attention', 'rampaging run', 'similar run', 'forex strategists', '16-year low', 'weaker side', 'possible intervention', 'mixed open', 'worst string', 'Key developments', 'Economic events', 'inflation data', 'global markets', '$2.78 trillion company', 'volatile end', 'markets operator', 'Watchlist USD', 'dollar line', 'Sep', 'PHOTO', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'REUTERS/Staff', 'AAPL', 'CNY', 'look', 'Investors', 'worries', 'China', 'curbs', 'iPhones', 'resurgence', 'past', 'weeks', 'NASDAQ', 'zeros', 'total', 'reports', 'hit', 'shares', 'Asia', 'Friday', 'fifth', 'revenue', 'thousands', 'workers', 'presales', 'series', 'Chinese', 'firm', 'success', 'weight', 'traders', 'basket', 'gains', 'FRX', 'strength', 'life', 'yen', 'futures', 'losses', 'February', 'Euronext', 'August', '©']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,investing.com
29975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/ATARI-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-SEPTEMBER-29-2023-Availability-and-consultation-of-preparatory-do-44805061/,ATARI: COMBINED GENERAL MEETING SEPTEMBER 29  2023 - Availability and consultation of preparatory documents -Yesterday at 12:01 pm,(marketscreener.com) Shareholders of Atari are informed that a Combined General Meeting will be held on Friday  September 29  2023 at 3:00 p.m. at the Business Center Paris Trocadéro  112 avenue Kleber  75116 Paris. The notice of meeting  including the agenda…,"COMBINED GENERAL MEETINGSEPTEMBER 29  2023Availability and consultation of preparatory documents(Articles R. 22-10-23 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code)PARIS  FRANCE (September 8  2023 - 6:00 p.m.) - Shareholders of Atari (FR0010478248) are informed that a Combined General Meeting will be held on Friday  September 29  2023 at 3:00 p.m. at the Business Center Paris Trocadéro  112 avenue Kleber  75116 Paris.The notice of meeting  including the agenda  draft resolutions and the main conditions for attending and voting at this Meeting  was published in Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO) no. 101 of August 23  2023.The documents provided for in Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code are available to shareholders from the time the Meeting is convened.The documents provided for in article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code can be consulted and downloaded from the Shareholders' Meeting section of the Company's website (www.atari-investisseurs.fr).Shareholders are encouraged to vote by mail using the voting form or by Internet on the VOTACCESS secure voting platform  or to give their proxy to the Chairman of the Meeting or to a person of their choice using the same procedures. Shareholders are also encouraged to send all requests and documents electronically.The procedures for conducting the Annual General Meeting may change depending on health and/or legal requirements. Shareholders are also advised to consult the section dedicated to the Combined General Meeting of September 29  2023 on the Company's website: www.atari-investisseurs.fr / ""General Meetings"" section.About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com.Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2022 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.ne tListing Sponsor- EurolandTel +33 1 44 70 20 84Julia Bridger - jbridger@elcorp.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'preparatory documents', 'ATARI', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Availability', 'consultation', '12:01', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'OTC Pink Current', 'French Commercial Code', 'secure voting platform', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Paris Trocadéro', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment company', ""Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'Articles L.', 'General Meetings', 'ISIN Code', 'voting form', 'Business Center', '112 avenue Kleber', 'draft resolutions', 'main conditions', 'legal requirements', 'licensed products', '200 unique games', 'world-renowned brands', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'New York', 'Ticker ALATA', 'Ticker PONGF', 'Investor Relations', 'Marie Calleux', 'Julia Bridger', 'Atari Interactive', 'same procedures', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'preparatory documents', '75116 Paris', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Availability', 'consultation', 'R.', 'FRANCE', 'Friday', 'notice', 'agenda', 'Obligatoires', 'BALO', 'August', 'time', 'website', 'atari-investisseurs', 'mail', 'Internet', 'proxy', 'Chairman', 'person', 'choice', 'requests', 'health', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'offices', 'logo', 'trademarks', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Calyptus', 'Euroland', 'jbridger', 'Attachment', '6:00', '3:00']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Completion-of-the-Second-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Weekly-Report-September-1-44805649/,Completion of the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program and Weekly Report (September 1-7  2023),(marketscreener.com) Completion of the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program and Weekly Report AMSTERDAM  September 8  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering…,Completion of the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program andWeekly Report(September1-7  2023)AMSTERDAM  September 8  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between June 7  2023 and September 7  2023  has been completed.Since June 7  2023 up to and including September 7  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 30 660 186 common shares for a total consideration of €499 999 499.During the period between September 1 up to and including September 7  2023 the Company has repurchased the following common shares:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 01/09/2023 268 403 €16.9644 €4 553 299 MILE 01/09/2023 112 820 €16.9469 €1 911 947 CEUX 01/09/2023 25 777 €16.9431 €436 743 TQEX 04/09/2023 238 606 €16.8971 €4 031 757 MILE 04/09/2023 191 006 €16.8948 €3 227 000 CEUX 04/09/2023 50 388 €16.9124 €852 183 TQEX 05/09/2023 294 996 €16.7425 €4 938 966 MILE 05/09/2023 60 344 €16.7653 €1 011 688 CEUX 05/09/2023 28 660 €16.7900 €481 200 TQEX 06/09/2023 325 492 €17.0437 €5 547 576 MILE 06/09/2023 71 318 €17.0351 €1 214 911 CEUX 06/09/2023 23 190 €17.0552 €395 511 TQEX 07/09/2023 308 040 €16.9870 €5 232 687 MILE 07/09/2023 91 737 €16.9844 €1 558 095 CEUX 07/09/2023 41 988 €16.9783 €712 886 TQEX Total 2 132 765 €16.9294 €36 106 447As of September 7  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 63.909.998 common shares equal to 2.02% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP)is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Itsstoried and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.38,0.38,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Second Tranche', 'Weekly Report', 'Completion', 'September', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'following common shares', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', '30,660,186 common shares', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Second Tranche', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'TQEX Total', '183 TQEX', 'Completion', 'Report', 'September', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', 'period', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'CEUX', 'MILE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'claims', 'lawsuits', 'investigations']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740290/0/en/Completion-of-the-Second-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Weekly-Report-September-1-7-2023.html,Completion of the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program and Weekly Report (September 1-7  2023),Completion of the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program and Weekly Report (September 1-7  2023)  AMSTERDAM  September 8  2023 - Stellantis......,Completion of the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program and Weekly Report (September 1-7  2023)AMSTERDAM  September 8  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between June 7  2023 and September 7  2023  has been completed.Since June 7  2023 up to and including September 7  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 30 660 186 common shares for a total consideration of €499 999 499.During the period between September 1 up to and including September 7  2023 the Company has repurchased the following common shares:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 01/09/2023 268 403 €16.9644 €4 553 299 MILE 01/09/2023 112 820 €16.9469 €1 911 947 CEUX 01/09/2023 25 777 €16.9431 €436 743 TQEX 04/09/2023 238 606 €16.8971 €4 031 757 MILE 04/09/2023 191 006 €16.8948 €3 227 000 CEUX 04/09/2023 50 388 €16.9124 €852 183 TQEX 05/09/2023 294 996 €16.7425 €4 938 966 MILE 05/09/2023 60 344 €16.7653 €1 011 688 CEUX 05/09/2023 28 660 €16.7900 €481 200 TQEX 06/09/2023 325 492 €17.0437 €5 547 576 MILE 06/09/2023 71 318 €17.0351 €1 214 911 CEUX 06/09/2023 23 190 €17.0552 €395 511 TQEX 07/09/2023 308 040 €16.9870 €5 232 687 MILE 07/09/2023 91 737 €16.9844 €1 558 095 CEUX 07/09/2023 41 988 €16.9783 €712 886 TQEX Total 2 132 765 €16.9294 €36 106 447As of September 7  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 63.909.998 common shares equal to 2.02% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.22,0.4,0.38,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Second Tranche', 'Weekly Report', 'Completion', 'September', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'following common shares', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', '30,660,186 common shares', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Second Tranche', 'Weekly Report', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'TQEX Total', '183 TQEX', 'Completion', 'September', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', 'period', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'CEUX', 'MILE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'claims', 'lawsuits', 'investigations']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXMAR-NV-5949/news/EXMAR-Rectification-communication-to-shareholders-44805500/,EXMAR : Rectification communication to shareholders -Yesterday at 01:11 pm,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Non-regulated information   08/09/2023 7pm   VOLUNTARY PUBLIC TAKEOVER BID ON EXMAR NV LAUNCHED BY SAVEREX NV   RECTIFICATION ON THE COMMUNICATION TO THE SHAREHOLDERS   Exmar NV issued a letter on 22 Aug…,"PRESS RELEASENon-regulated information08/09/2023 7pmVOLUNTARY PUBLIC TAKEOVER BID ON EXMAR NV LAUNCHED BY SAVEREX NVRECTIFICATION ON THE COMMUNICATION TO THE SHAREHOLDERSExmar NV (""EXMAR"") (Euronext Brussels: EXM) issued a letter on 22 August 2023 to its shareholders (the ""Letter"")  in the context of the voluntary and public takeover bid launched by Saverex NV (""Saverex"")  which is today open for acceptance until Friday 15 September 2023  at 4pm.The Company has been informed that the Letter may have created the impression with certain shareholders that they are under an obligation to sell. This certainly was not the Company's intention and we therefore ask you to disregard this Letter and we hereby rectify that each shareholder is free to either tender or not to tender their shares to Saverex.In the event shareholders have already tendered their shares in this second acceptance period  they also have the right to retract their tender. The relevant procedures are set out in sections 7.9 and 7.10 of the Prospectus (www.saverextakeoverbid.com).Certain shareholders have allegedly been approached in the name of the Company  to convince or induce them to tender their shares to Saverex. The Company takes the opportunity to underline that it has not taken such initiative and it would not support any such actions.While the Letter was not submitted to the board of directors  the present communication has been approved by all members of the board of directors of the Company. The Company will send a new letter to its shareholders containing the same message.About ExmarExmar is a provider of floating solutions for the operation  transportation and transformation of gas. Exmar's mission is to serve customers with innovations in the field of offshore extraction  transformation  production  storage and transportation by sea of liquefied natural gases  petrochemical gases and liquid hydrocarbons. Exmar creates economically viable and sustainable energy value chain solutions in long-term alliances with first class business partners.Exmar designs  builds  certifies  owns  leases and operates specialised  floating maritime infrastructure for this purpose as well as aiming for the highest standards in performing commercial  technical  quality assurance and administrative management for the entire maritime energy industry.More information can be found at www.exmar.com.Contact: Francis Mottrie  permanent representative of FMO BV  CEO - +32 3 247 56 40 - +32 475 43 65 01About SaverexSaverex is the holding company of the family of Nicolas Saverys  which is active in the international shipping industry. The main activity and the main asset of Saverex is its shareholding in Exmar.DisclaimerThis notice is also published in Dutch. If ambiguities should arise from the different language versions  the Dutch version will prevail.This announcement does not constitute a bid to purchase securities of Exmar nor a solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in respect thereof. The takeover bid is only made on the basis of the prospectus approved by the FSMA. Neither this announcement nor any other information in respect of the matters contained herein may be supplied in any jurisdiction where a registration  qualification or any other obligation is in force or would be with regard to the content hereof or thereof. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the financial laws and regulations in such jurisdictions. Saverex and its affiliates explicitly decline any liability for breach of these restrictions by any person.For further information  please contact:Francis Mottrie permanent representative of FMO BV | CEO | +32 3 247 56 40 | www.exmar.be",neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Rectification communication', 'EXMAR', 'shareholders', '01:11', 'sustainable energy value chain solutions', 'first class business partners', 'commercial, technical, quality assurance', 'entire maritime energy industry', 'specialised, floating maritime infrastructure', 'VOLUNTARY PUBLIC TAKEOVER BID', 'international shipping industry', 'different language versions', 'liquefied natural gases', 'second acceptance period', 'EXMAR NV LAUNCHED', 'floating solutions', 'petrochemical gases', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Friday 15 September', 'relevant procedures', 'same message', 'offshore extraction', 'liquid hydrocarbons', 'long-term alliances', 'highest standards', 'administrative management', 'Francis Mottrie', 'permanent representative', 'FMO BV', 'Nicolas Saverys', 'main activity', 'main asset', 'financial laws', 'Non-regulated information', 'More information', 'other information', 'present communication', 'Dutch version', 'other obligation', 'SAVEREX NV', 'holding company', 'Certain shareholders', 'new letter', 'The Company', 'RECTIFICATION', '22 August', 'context', '4pm', 'impression', 'intention', 'shares', 'event', 'right', 'tender', 'sections', 'Prospectus', 'name', 'opportunity', 'initiative', 'actions', 'board', 'directors', 'members', 'provider', 'operation', 'transportation', 'transformation', 'mission', 'customers', 'innovations', 'field', 'production', 'storage', 'sea', 'viable', 'purpose', 'performing', 'Contact', 'CEO', 'family', 'shareholding', 'Disclaimer', 'notice', 'ambiguities', 'announcement', 'securities', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'respect', 'basis', 'FSMA', 'matters', 'registration', 'qualification', 'force', 'regard', 'content', 'failure', 'restrictions', 'violation', 'regulations', 'affiliates', 'liability', 'breach', 'person']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2740217/0/en/Societe-Generale-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-31-August-2023.html,Societe Generale: shares and voting rights as of 31 August 2023,SOCIETE GENERALE : Number of shares composing current share capital and Total number of voting rights as of 31/08/2023Regulated Information  Paris  8......,SOCIETE GENERALE : Number of shares composing current share capital and Total number of voting rights as of 31/08/2023Regulated InformationParis  8 September 2023Information about the total number of voting rights and shares pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the AMF General Regulations.Date Number of shares composing current share capital Total number ofvoting rights 31 August 2023 820 757 639Gross: 895 017 321Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'voting rights', 'shares', '31 August', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'current share capital', 'French Commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'integrated solutions', 'financial strength', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'voting rights', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'Total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'The Group', 'digital innovation', 'Regulated Information', 'Eastern Europe', 'shares', '31/08', 'Paris', 'September', 'August', 'Gross', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'societegenerale', 'website', 'Attachment']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/european-stock-futures-edge-higher-german-cpi-rises-in-august-3170307,European stocks edge higher; French industrial production rebounds By Investing.com,European stock futures edge higher; German CPI rises in August,"Published Sep 08  2023 01:59AM ET Updated Sep 08  2023 03:44AM ET© Reuters.UK100 +0.49% Add to/Remove from Watchlist FCHI +0.62% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DE40 +0.14% Add to/Remove from Watchlist STOXX +0.22% Add to/Remove from Watchlist EUR/USD +0.01% Add to/Remove from Watchlist C -0.34% Add to/Remove from Watchlist AAPL +0.35% Add to/Remove from Watchlist CASP +0.86% Add to/Remove from Watchlist Gold +0.01% Add to/Remove from Watchlist LCO +0.58% Add to/Remove from Watchlist CL +0.41% Add to/Remove from WatchlistInvesting.com - European stock markets edged higher Friday  as investors digested better than expected French industrial production data at the end of a difficult week.At 03:40 ET (07:40 GMT)  the index in Germany traded 0.1% higher  the in the U.K. rose 0.1% and the in France climbed 0.1%.Yet  these major cash indices are all on course to register losses this week  while the pan-European benchmark index has fallen for seven straight days  its worst string of losses since February 2018.French industrial production rebounded in JulyData released earlier Friday showed that rebounded more than expected in July  climbing 0.8% on a monthly basis instead of the 0.1% expected after slumping 0.9% the prior month.The in Spain fell 1.8% in July  but this was still better than the 2.0% fall expected and the prior month's 3.2% drop.While these figures have generated some optimism  in Germany  the region's dominant economy  fell by more than expected in Julyin the eurozone grew just 0.1% in the second quarter compared to the previous three months  and Citigroup (NYSE: ) has downgraded its 2023 economic growth forecast for the euro area to 0.4%  and said it expected the region's economy to shrink ""gently"" over the next three quarters.Additionally  rose 0.3% on the month in August  an annual rise of 6.1%  data showed earlier Friday.This represented a minor slowing from the 6.2% annual increase the previous month  which could pressure ECB policymakers to hike interest rates once more next week given inflation in the eurozone’s largest economy remains more than three times higher than the central bank’s medium-term 2% target.The has raised rates at each of its past nine meetings and policymakers are now debating whether to raise the deposit rate again  to 4%  or pause.Japanese 2Q growth revised lowerIt’s not only Europe that is struggling economically.A string of weak economic readings this week have increased concerns about the strength of the recovery of the Chinese economy from its COVID hit  while Friday’s revised data showed Japan's economy grew less than initially estimated in the second quarter.grew an annualised 4.8% in April-June  down from a preliminary estimate of 6.0% growth and below market forecasts for a revised 5.5% expansion.Apple woes weigh on tech sectorThe tech sector is likely to remain in the spotlight Friday as a consequence of Apple’s difficulties in China.Apple (NASDAQ: ) has seen about $200 billion wiped from its market capitalisation in two days on reports of China curbing iPhone use by state employees.This comes ahead of an event next week where the world’s most valuable company is expected to unveil its iPhone 15 line-up.Elsewhere  Casino (EPA: ) stock fell 1.6% after Euronext said the debt-ridden supermarket retailer will be excluded from a key French equity index of major companies.Crude weakens but still on course for positive weekOil prices retreated Friday  falling further from the 10-month peaks seen earlier in the week on concerns about the health of the crucial Chinese economy and weighed by a strong dollar.Yet  despite these losses  both benchmarks are still on course for gains of around 1% this week on the back of the news that top producers Saudi Arabia and Russia have extended their voluntary supply cuts to the end of the year.Additionally  data released late Thursday showed that U.S. shrank a hefty 6.3 million barrels in the week to September 1  falling for the fourth consecutive week.By 03:40 ET  the futures traded 0.4% lower at $86.56 a barrel  while the contract dropped 0.2% to $89.78.Additionally  rose 0.3% to $1.948.75/oz  while traded 0.1% higher at 1.0713.",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.26,0.62,True,English,"['French industrial production', 'European stocks', 'Investing', 'com', 'key French equity index', 'French industrial production data', 'previous three months', 'next three quarters', 'past nine meetings', 'weak economic readings', 'debt-ridden supermarket retailer', 'voluntary supply cuts', 'hefty 6.3 million barrels', 'pan-European benchmark index', 'major cash indices', 'seven straight days', '2023 economic growth forecast', 'Japanese 2Q growth', 'European stock markets', 'fourth consecutive week', 'crucial Chinese economy', 'two days', 'major companies', 'Investing.com', 'U.K.', 'monthly basis', 'second quarter', 'euro area', 'annual rise', 'minor slowing', '6.2% annual increase', 'central bank', 'medium-term 2% target', 'deposit rate', 'COVID hit', 'preliminary estimate', 'market forecasts', 'market capitalisation', 'iPhone use', 'state employees', 'valuable company', 'iPhone 15 line-up', 'Oil prices', '10-month peaks', 'strong dollar', 'top producers', 'Saudi Arabia', 'U.S.', 'Watchlist FCHI', 'Watchlist DE40', 'Watchlist STOXX', 'Watchlist EUR', 'Watchlist C', 'Watchlist AAPL', 'Watchlist Gold', 'Watchlist LCO', 'dominant economy', 'largest economy', 'difficult week', 'positive week', 'prior month', 'worst string', 'ECB policymakers', 'interest rates', 'Apple woes', '6.0% growth', 'Sep', 'Reuters', 'UK100', 'USD', 'investors', 'end', '07:40 GMT', 'Germany', 'France', 'course', 'losses', 'February', 'July', 'Spain', '2.0% fall', 'figures', 'optimism', 'region', 'eurozone', 'Citigroup', 'NYSE', 'August', 'inflation', 'concerns', 'strength', 'recovery', 'April-June', '5.5% expansion', 'sector', 'spotlight', 'consequence', 'difficulties', 'China', 'NASDAQ', 'reports', 'event', 'world', 'Casino', 'EPA', 'Euronext', 'Crude', 'health', 'benchmarks', 'gains', 'back', 'news', 'Russia', 'year', 'futures', 'contract', '©', '03:40']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,investing.com
29981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DELFINGEN-INDUSTRY-5062/news/DELFINGEN-Industry-1st-half-2023-results-44804975/,DELFINGEN Industry : 1st half 2023 results -Yesterday at 11:53 am,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Anteuil  September 8  2023   Delfingen posted a current operating margin of 6.8% in the first half of 2023 and raised its annual target    Strong revenue growth of +15%   Increase in current operating inco…,"""We are very pleased with the Group's excellent performance this half-year. I would like to sincerely thank all the teams for their unwavering commitment and involvement during the first half of the year. With double-digit business growth  we continue to outperform our benchmark global automotive market  supported by our core positions in the world's leading cableDelfingen (Euronext Paris  ISIN: FR0000054132)  a global auto parts manufacturer  leader in onboard network protection solutions and fluid transfer tubes  posted its results for the first halfDelfingen posted a current operating margin of 6.8% in the first half of 2023 and raised its annual targetPRESS RELEASEcompanies. The first half of the year was also marked by the acquisitions of REIKU and AHN Chem  allowing us to strengthen our position in Germany and South Korea and accelerate our diversification into the high-potential industrial market. Finally  in this context of strong growth  the control of our production costs in an inflationary environment has led to a significant improvement in our profitability. This leads us  after already revising our annual revenue target upward to €465m in May  to increase the current operating margin target  which is now expected to be 6.5% for 2023"".Strong revenue growth of +15% in H1 2023Delfingen posted revenue growth of +14.7% in the first half of 2023 (+13.8% at constant scope and exchange rates) to €233.9M  including the contribution in the second quarter of the year from REIKU GmbH and AHN Chem Co. Ldt  for €3.9M  whose acquisitions were completed in early April. The Group benefited from the growth of its two Mobility and Industrial business lines in all the regions where it operates.Sales derived from the Mobility business line (84% of revenue for the half year) totalled €197.6M  an increase of +13.0% (+13.8% at constant scope and exchange rates). The textile sheath business line  one of the Group's main growth drivers  confirmed its potential  recording revenue of €39.8M  up +37%. This performance allows Delfingen to move from no. 3 to no. 2 in textile applications for mobility worldwide.Sales derived from the Industry business line (16% of revenue for the half year)  one of the Group's development priorities  totalled €36.3M  an increase of +25.1% (+14.1% at constant scope and exchange rates).Growth of the current operating margin to 6.8%Under the combined effect of growth in activity  control of transport costs and energy  the improvement in its operating performance and this despite strong wage increases to offset the effects of inflation  current operating income increased by +45.5% to €16.0M in the first half of 2023  resulting in a current operating margin of 6.8%  compared with 5.4% in the first half of 2022.After accounting for non-recurring costs  for €1.5M  mainly related to acquisition costs and allocation of the purchase prices of REIKU and AHN Chem  operating income came to €14.4M  up +75.6%.Financial income recorded a financial expense of €4.4M  of which €3.3M related to net financial debt costs and €1.1M in foreign exchange results. The €3M tax expense includes an effective tax rate of 29.7% versus 54% at June 30  2022.Thus  the net income (Group share) doubled  amounting to €7.0M  representing a net margin of 3% of revenue.A solid financial structureThe balance sheet shows a total of €398.8M at June 30  2023  up +13% over December 31  2022. Equity  Group share  amounted to €149.7M  an increase of +3%.Net financial debt stood at €151.5M at June 30  2023  versus €128.3M at December 31  2022 (of which €28.7M related to IFRS 16 debt). Excluding debts related to the acquisitions of REIKU and Ahn Chem  and before IFRS restatement  net financial debt would have been €86.9M  down €10.3M compared with December 31  2022.The strong growth in activity enabled Delfingen to generate free cash flow of €17.7M over the period  multiplied by €4.1M compared with the first half of 2022  and to reduce its working capital requirement by €10.1M between December 31  2022 and June 30  2023.Page 2 of 4",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.68,0.22,0.1,True,English,"['1st half 2023 results', 'DELFINGEN Industry', '11', 'global auto parts manufacturer', 'onboard network protection solutions', 'benchmark global automotive market', 'textile sheath business line', 'AHN Chem Co. Ldt', 'current operating margin target', 'net financial debt costs', 'Industry business line', 'high-potential industrial market', 'Industrial business lines', 'fluid transfer tubes', 'PRESS RELEASE companies', 'effective tax rate', 'free cash flow', 'working capital requirement', 'solid financial structure', 'Mobility business line', 'strong wage increases', '€3M tax expense', 'current operating income', 'double-digit business growth', 'main growth drivers', 'foreign exchange results', 'annual revenue target', 'Strong revenue growth', 'net margin', 'annual target', 'financial expense', 'Financial income', 'net income', 'textile applications', 'IFRS 16 debt', 'operating performance', 'strong growth', 'production costs', 'transport costs', 'non-recurring costs', 'acquisition costs', 'exchange rates', 'unwavering commitment', 'first half', 'core positions', 'leading cable', 'Euronext Paris', 'South Korea', 'inflationary environment', 'constant scope', 'second quarter', 'early April', 'two Mobility', 'development priorities', 'combined effect', 'purchase prices', 'balance sheet', 'IFRS restatement', 'excellent performance', 'significant improvement', 'The Group', 'Group share', 'half year', 'REIKU GmbH', 'teams', 'involvement', 'world', 'Delfingen', 'ISIN', 'leader', 'acquisitions', 'Germany', 'diversification', 'context', 'control', 'profitability', 'May', 'H1', 'contribution', 'regions', 'Sales', 'activity', 'energy', 'effects', 'allocation', 'June', 'total', 'December', 'Equity', 'debts', 'period', 'Page']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2739863/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Sep 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9356 £ 23.9344 Estimated MTD return 0.48 % 0.51 % Estimated YTD return -3.00 % -2.01 % Estimated ITD return 169.36 % 139.34 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.64 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 020.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -15.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4888 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8727The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHILLY-SHIPYARD-ASA-1413078/news/Philly-Shipyard-Delivers-the-First-National-Security-Multi-Mission-Vessel-NSMV-Empire-State-44804777/,Philly Shipyard : Delivers the First National Security Multi-Mission Vessel (NSMV)  Empire State -Yesterday at 11:31 am,(marketscreener.com) was designed to provide world-class training for America's future mariners and to support humanitarian assistance and disaster relief missions in times of need. This first vessel  Empire State  was delivered to MARAD and will serve SUNY M…,"PHILADELPHIA - September 7  2023 -Philly Shipyard  Inc. (""Philly Shipyard"")  the sole operating subsidiary of Philly Shipyard ASA (Oslo: PHLY)  today delivered the Empire State  the first of five new purpose-built  modern training vessels for America's state maritime academies. The U.S. Department of Transportation's Maritime Administration (MARAD) new vessel program - known as National Security Multi-Mission Vessels (NSMVs) - was designed to provide world-class training for America's future mariners and to support humanitarian assistance and disaster relief missions in times of need. This first vessel  Empire State  was delivered to MARAD and will serve SUNY Maritime College.""We are beyond proud to deliver the Empire State today  our first government newbuild in the history of Philly Shipyard."" said Steinar Nerbovik  President & CEO of Philly Shipyard. ""We are honored to be trusted with this important project  and on behalf of all of our skilled workers  we are confident that the Empire State will provide a safe  reliable and state-of-the-art training platform for generations of future mariners.""Philly Shipyard was awarded the contract to build the NSMVs by TOTE Services  LLC (""TOTE Services"")  a U.S.-based company that was hired by MARAD to oversee the construction of the training vessels as the Vessel Construction Manager (VCM). The NSMV Program is the first government sponsored ship building program to utilize the VCM model. This model places the responsibility for the selection and oversight of the shipyard on a government contractor that utilizes commercial best practices to manage the project.The next training vessel  NSMV II  destined for the Massachusetts Maritime Academy  is scheduled to be delivered in 2024. Meanwhile  the keel laying for NSMV III (Maine Maritime Academy) and steel cutting for NSMV IV (Texas A&M Maritime Academy) were recently completed. Construction of NSMV V (California Maritime Academy) will commence later this year with all vessels to be delivered by 2026.""Today's delivery of the Empire State is a historic moment for the American maritime industry made possible by the U.S. Government's investments in our nation's industrial base "" said TOTE Services President Jeff Dixon. ""These investments are on full display as we look to build the next generation of domestic mariner training ships more cost effectively - and on schedule - using commercial innovation and best practices. We must also give credit to the dedicated and skilled workers at Philly Shipyard  whose tireless efforts in the face of unprecedented challenges helped make this milestone possible.""The NSMV program is an important investment in America's shipbuilding industry  which supports nearly 400 000 U.S. jobs. Each NSMV will feature numerous instructional spaces  a full training bridge  and accommodations for up to 600 cadets to train in a first-rate maritime academic environment at sea. State maritime academies graduate officers who manage vessels that help keep cargoes and our economy moving. Many of these merchant mariners also support U.S. national security by crewing military sealift vessels.Today's delivery of the Empire State marks the delivery of the first government ship built using the VCM contract model. This innovative approach enables shipyards to apply commercial best practices for design and construction to government vessels. There is growing interest in the VCM contract model and its potential applicability to government shipbuilding programs to reduce costs  accelerate delivery times  and build more vessels.About Philly ShipyardPhilly Shipyard  Inc. (PSI) is a leading U.S. shipbuilder that is presently pursuing a mix of commercial and government work. It possesses a state-of-the-art shipbuilding facility and has earned a reputation as a preferred provider of oceangoing merchant vessels with a track record of delivering quality ships  having delivered around 50% of all large ocean-going Jones Act commercial ships since 2000. PSI is the sole operating subsidiary of Philly Shipyard ASA. Philly Shipyard ASA is listed on the Euronext Expand Oslo (Oslo: PHLY) and is majority-owned by Aker Capital AS  which in turn is wholly-owned by Aker ASA (Aker). Aker is an industrial investment company that exercises active ownership to create value. Aker has ownership interests in oil and gas  renewable energy and green technologies  maritime assets  marine biotechnology and industrial software  and its portfolio includes companies like Aker BP  Aker Horizons  Aker BioMarine  Cognite  and Aker Solutions. For more information about Philly Shipyard  please visit www.phillyshipyard.com.About TOTE Services",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.69,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['First National Security Multi-Mission Vessel', 'Philly Shipyard', 'Empire State', 'NSMV', '11', '31', 'large ocean-going Jones Act commercial ships', 'five new purpose-built, modern training vessels', 'Texas A&M Maritime Academy', 'State maritime academies graduate officers', 'TOTE Services President Jeff Dixon', 'U.S. national security', 'leading U.S. shipbuilder', 'domestic mariner training ships', 'first-rate maritime academic environment', 'U.S.-based company', 'The U.S. Department', 'National Security Multi-Mission Vessels', 'MARAD) new vessel program', '400,000 U.S. jobs', 'U.S. Government', 'Massachusetts Maritime Academy', 'Maine Maritime Academy', 'California Maritime Academy', 'art training platform', 'SUNY Maritime College', 'ship building program', 'sole operating subsidiary', 'disaster relief missions', 'numerous instructional spaces', 'next training vessel', 'full training bridge', 'American maritime industry', 'The NSMV Program', 'art shipbuilding facility', 'military sealift vessels', 'first government newbuild', 'first government sponsored', 'first government ship', 'industrial investment company', 'commercial best practices', 'government shipbuilding programs', 'oceangoing merchant vessels', 'Aker Capital AS', 'Euronext Expand Oslo', 'Vessel Construction Manager', 'Philly Shipyard ASA', 'VCM contract model', 'quality ships', 'first vessel', 'world-class training', 'Maritime Administration', 'maritime assets', 'government vessels', 'shipbuilding industry', 'commercial innovation', 'government contractor', 'government work', 'Aker ASA', 'VCM model', 'full display', 'next generation', 'important investment', 'merchant mariners', 'industrial base', 'industrial software', 'Empire State', 'NSMV II', 'NSMV IV', 'NSMV V', 'future mariners', 'humanitarian assistance', 'Steinar Nerbovik', 'skilled workers', 'safe, reliable', 'steel cutting', 'historic moment', 'tireless efforts', 'unprecedented challenges', 'innovative approach', 'growing interest', 'potential applicability', 'preferred provider', 'track record', 'active ownership', 'ownership interests', 'renewable energy', 'green technologies', 'marine biotechnology', 'Aker BP', 'Aker Horizons', 'Aker BioMarine', 'Aker Solutions', 'important project', 'delivery times', 'PHILADELPHIA', 'September', 'PHLY', 'Transportation', 'NSMVs', 'need', 'history', 'CEO', 'behalf', 'generations', 'responsibility', 'selection', 'oversight', 'keel', 'investments', 'schedule', 'credit', 'dedicated', 'face', 'milestone', 'accommodations', 'up', '600 cadets', 'cargoes', 'economy', 'shipyards', 'design', 'costs', 'PSI', 'mix', 'reputation', 'turn', 'value', 'oil', 'gas', 'portfolio', 'companies', 'Cognite', 'information', 'phillyshipyard']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HAVILA-KYSTRUTEN-AS-125277845/news/HAVILA-KYSTRUTEN-AS-Launch-of-Subsequent-Offering-44804294/,HAVILA KYSTRUTEN AS: Launch of Subsequent Offering -Yesterday at 10:26 am,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN OR THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION W…,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN OR THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN.Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from Havila Kystruten AS (""Havila Kystruten "" or the ""Company"") on 19 July 2023 with key information in relation to a subsequent offering (the ""Subsequent Offering"") of up to 60 000 000 new shares (the “Offer Shares”) at a subscription price of NOK 1 per share (the ""Offer Price""). The Offer Price is similar to the offer price in the private placement of new shares that was successfully placed on 18 July 2023 (the ""Private Placement"").The Company has resolved to proceed with the Subsequent Offering  which may raise total gross proceeds of up to NOK 60 000 000. The Subsequent Offering will be directed towards existing shareholders in the Company as of the end of trading on 18 July 2023  as registered in Euronext Securities Oslo (""VPS"") on 20 July 2023 (the ""Record Date"")  who (i) were not included in the pre-sounding phase of the Private Placement  (ii) were not allocated offer shares in the Private Placement  and (iii) are not resident in a jurisdiction where such offering would be unlawful or  would (in jurisdictions other than Norway) require any prospectus  filing  registration or similar action (the “Eligible Shareholders”).Each Eligible Shareholder will be granted 4 non-transferable subscription rights for each existing share registered as held by such Eligible Shareholder as of the Record Date. Each subscription right will give the right to subscribe for  and be allocated  one (1) share in the Subsequent Offering. Over-subscription is permitted  but the Subsequent Offering is limited to 60 000 000 shares. Subscription without subscription rights is not permitted. Subscription rights that are not used to subscribe for Offer Shares before the expiry of the Subscription Period will have no value and will lapse without compensation to the holder.The subscription period for the Subsequent Offering commences on 11 September 2023 at 09:00 CEST and ends on 22 September 2023 at 16:30 CEST (the ""Subscription Period"").The Company  in consultation with the Managers (as defined below)  reserves the right to extend the Subscription Period for the Subsequent Offering at any time and without any prior written notice and at its sole discretion. The terms and conditions for the Subsequent Offering are set out in a national prospectus prepared by the Company in accordance with the rules in the Securities Trading Act chapter 7 (the ""Prospectus""). The Prospectus is available at the websites of the Managers.The due date for payment of the Offer Shares is expected to be on 27 September 2023. The Offer Shares will  after registration of the share capital increase in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises pertaining to the Offer Shares  be registered in the VPS in book-entry form and are expected to be delivered to the applicant's VPS account on or about 2 October 2023. The Offer Shares will have equal rights and rank pari passu with the Company's other shares. Completion of the Subsequent Offering is subject to (i) all necessary corporate resolutions being validly made by the Company  including the board of directors resolving to consummate the Subsequent Offering and issue and allocate the Offer Shares based on the authorization granted by the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 20 July 2023  and (ii) registration of the share capital increase pertaining to the Subsequent Offering with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises and delivery of the Offer Shares to the subscribers in the VPS.Arctic Securities AS  Fearnley Securities AS  and Nordea Bank Abp  filial i Norge  are acting as managers for the Subsequent Offering (the ""Managers""). Advokatfirmaet Wikborg Rein is acting as legal counsel to the Company.Contacts:Chief executive officer Bent Martini  + 47 905 99 650Chief financial officer Arne Johan Dale  +47 909 87 706",neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['HAVILA KYSTRUTEN AS', 'Subsequent Offering', 'Launch', '10', 'Chief financial officer Arne Johan Dale', 'Securities Trading Act chapter', 'Chief executive officer', 'stock exchange notice', 'total gross proceeds', 'prior written notice', 'necessary corporate resolutions', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Advokatfirmaet Wikborg Rein', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'Arctic Securities AS', 'Fearnley Securities AS', 'share capital increase', 'Havila Kystruten AS', '4 non-transferable subscription rights', 'The Offer Shares', 'equal rights', 'existing share', 'one (1) share', 'HONG KONG', 'UNITED STATES', 'key information', 'up to', 'Offer Price', 'private placement', 'Record Date', 'pre-sounding phase', 'similar action', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'sole discretion', 'due date', 'Norwegian Register', 'Business Enterprises', 'book-entry form', 'legal counsel', 'Bent Martini', 'subsequent offering', '60,000,000 new shares', 'other shares', 'subscription price', 'Subscription Period', 'The Prospectus', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'national prospectus', 'The Company', 'VPS account', '60,000,000 shares', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'Reference', '19 July', 'relation', 'NOK', '18 July', 'end', '20 July', 'jurisdictions', 'Norway', 'filing', 'registration', 'expiry', 'value', 'compensation', '11 September', '22 September', '16:30 CEST', 'consultation', 'Managers', 'time', 'terms', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'rules', 'websites', 'payment', '27 September', 'applicant', '2 October', 'passu', 'Completion', 'board', 'directors', 'issue', 'authorization', 'delivery', 'subscribers', 'filial', 'Norge', 'Contacts', '09:00']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/08/2739861/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Sep 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9356 £ 23.9344 Estimated MTD return 0.48 % 0.51 % Estimated YTD return -3.00 % -2.01 % Estimated ITD return 169.36 % 139.34 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.64 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 020.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -15.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4888 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8727The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,globenewswire.com
29986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-Scientific-Managers-transactions-Director-PDMR-Shareholding-44801915/,Eurofins Scientific : Managers' transactions Director/PDMR Shareholding -Yesterday at 05:14 am,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES   AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM   1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely a…,NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIESAND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda) Name1 VIGNEAU François2. Reason for the notificationa) Position / status2 Senior Vice PresidentInitial notification / amendment 3Initial3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E. b) LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S574. Details of the transaction(s)section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each placewhere transactions have been conductedDescription of the financialinstrument  type of instrument 6 Share Identification code7 ISIN: FR0014000MR3 b) Nature of the transaction8 Sale of shares 1 000 Transaction is linked to the Eurofins stock option / free share / stock option program c) Price(s) and volume(s)9 Price(s) Volume(s) EUR 55.00 EUR 55 000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume10 EUR 55 000 - Price11 EUR 55.00 e) Date of the transaction12 2023-09-06 f) Place of the transaction13 Euronext ParisDate and signature_______________________________For natural persons: the first name and the last name(s). For legal persons: full name including legal form as provided for in the register where it is incorporated  if applicable. For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: the position occupied within the issuer  emission allowances market participant/auction platform/auctioneer/auction monitor should be indicated  e.g. CEO  CFO.For persons closely associated:- an indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities - the name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities. Indication that this is an initial notification or an amendment to prior notifications. In case of amendment  explain the error that this notification is amending.4Full name of the entity.in accordance with ISO 17442 LEI code.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"[""Managers' transactions Director"", 'Eurofins Scientific', 'PDMR Shareholding', '05', 'Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E', 'Name1 VIGNEAU François', 'Share Identification code7 ISIN', 'emission allowance market participant', 'Eurofins stock option', 'Senior Vice President', 'stock option program', 'transaction13 Euronext Paris', 'market participant/auction platform', 'ISO 17442 LEI code', 'free share', 'Price(s', 'emission allowances', 'Volume(s', 'MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'auction monitor', 'transaction8 Sale', 'legal form', 'prior notifications', 'first name', 'last name', 'full name', 'financial instrument', 'natural persons', 'legal persons', 'relevant person', 'Initial notification', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'Details', 'Reason', 'Position', 'status2', 'amendment', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'LEI5', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'shares', '1,000 Transaction', 'information', 'volume10', 'Price11', 'transaction12', 'register', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'indication', 'case', 'error', 'entity', 'accordance', '2.']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/B-C-SPEAKERS-S-P-A-286463/news/B-C-Speakers-S-p-A-2023-09-08-6-00-pmThe-B-C-Speakers-Group-acquires-Eminence-Speaker-LLC-44805107/,B&C Speakers S p A : 2023-09-08 6.00 pmThe B&C Speakers Group acquires Eminence Speaker LLC -Yesterday at 12:05 pm,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   B&C Speakers S.p.A.:   The B&C Speakers Group continues its strategic development project by acquiring Eminence Speaker  a historic US player in the professional loudspeaker-manufacturing sector.   The acquisi…,PRESS RELEASEB&C Speakers S.p.A.:The B&C Speakers Group continues its strategic development project by acquiring Eminence Speaker  a historic US player in the professional loudspeaker-manufacturing sector.The acquisition is achieved through two simultaneous operations:B&C Speakers S.p.A. acquires 100% of the share capital of Eminence Speaker LLC  based in Kentucky  U.S.A.  from Eminence Holding LLC;B&C Speakers S.p.A. signs a binding commitment to purchase the assets of Eminence Dongguan Enterprise Co. Ltd (APA  Asset Purchase Agreement)  a company based in Dongguan  China  entirely controlled by Eminence Holding LLC.Bagno a Ripoli (Florence)  8 September 2023 - B&C Speakers S.p.A.  one of the leading interna onal operators in the design  produc on  distribu on and marke ng of electro-acous c transducers for professional use - listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange - announces that it has accomplished a further important step in its development and interna onalisa on strategy.B&C Speakers S.p.A. today has acquired 100% of the share capital of Eminence Speaker LLC (a company incorporated under US law) from Eminence Holdings LLC and  simultaneously  commi ed itself to purchase from Eminence Dongguan Enterprise Co. Ltd  (also owned by of Eminence Holdings LLC)  a signiﬁcant por on of its assets through a NewCo (whose establishment is an essen al condi on for the accomplishment of the agreement) en rely owned by B&C.The establishment of NewCo  with the consequent purchase of the assets (Asset Purchase Agreement  APA) from Eminence Dongguan Enterprise Co. Ltd  represents an opera on aimed at acquiring the produc on factors that are considered strategic to consolidate and expand  through addi onal investments  the business volume achieved on the Asian market by the Eminence brand.Eminence Speaker LLC has a workforce of about 90 employees and operates in the design and manufacture of electro-acous c transducers for professional use in the musical instruments (Musical Instruments  MI)  alarm systems and car audio a er market. The company was established in 1966 at the ini a ve of Bob Gault and  since the 1990s under the leadership of his son Robert  has established itself as an interna onally recognised brand.The Eminence brand is currently marketed in over ﬁ y countries  mainly through the OEM channel.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['B&C Speakers Group', 'Eminence Speaker LLC', '00', '12:05', 'B&C Speakers S.p.A.', 'The B&C Speakers Group', 'Eminence Dongguan Enterprise Co. Ltd', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'leading interna onal operators', 'U.S.A.', 'electro-acous c transducers', 'B&C.', 'addi onal investments', 'Eminence Holding LLC', 'Eminence Holdings LLC', 'The Eminence brand', 'Eminence Speaker LLC', 'two simultaneous operations', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'signiﬁcant por', 'essen al condi', 'historic US player', 'professional loudspeaker-manufacturing sector', 'strategic development project', 'Asset Purchase Agreement', 'consequent purchase', 'US law', 'professional use', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'share capital', 'binding commitment', 'important step', 'business volume', 'Asian market', 'musical instruments', 'alarm systems', 'car audio', 'er market', 'Bob Gault', 'ﬁ y countries', 'OEM channel', 'acquisition', 'Kentucky', 'assets', 'APA', 'company', 'China', 'Bagno', 'Ripoli', 'Florence', 'design', 'strategy', 'NewCo', 'establishment', 'accomplishment', 'produc', 'factors', 'workforce', '90 employees', 'manufacture', 'ini', '1990s', 'leadership', 'son', 'Robert']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,marketscreener.com
29988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/09/08/long-term-budget-planning-called-for-boi-chief-economist-and-sean-quinn-unlikely-to-slip-into-the-shadows/,Calls for long-term Budget planning  BoI chief economist and Seán Quinn unlikely to slip into the shadows,Business Today: the best news  analysis and comment from The Irish Times business desk,The Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland (SCSI) has called for “long-term planning” in Government budgets to drive down the cost of new housing  warning that increased construction costs are leading to many projects being paused or cancelled as they are “no longer financially viable”. Ellen O’Regan has the details.In Any Other Business  John Burns says it is hard to foresee Seán Quinn ‘fading into the shadows’ after the release of his book; finds that the Collison brothers have been confirmed as backers for a new city in California and tells us that Lucy Gaffney is to campaign for slavery reparations for Caribbean countries.Davy chief economist Conall Mac Coille has been appointed as group chief economist at Bank of Ireland  the stockbroker’s parent company  writes Ciarán Hancock. He will take up the role in October and fills a position that has been vacant since last year when Loretta O’Sullivan left the bank to take a role as chief economist and a partner with professional services firm EY.Students returning to college for the new term are being warned of the risks of being recruited as a money mule  as the amount of money transferred through mule accounts in the first half of the year was up almost 50 per cent. Ellen O’Regan reports.READ MOREExcess deaths in young male early school leavers were mainly due to risky behaviour and suicide  rather than to illness. Mental health problems undoubtedly played a role in suicide rates. But there is also evidence of a much higher propensity for risk-taking among these young men  reflected in a high number of deaths from such behaviour  including traffic fatalities  notes John FitzGerald in his weekly column.News that Smurfit Kappa is plotting to depart the Irish stock market for the buzz of Wall Street – as part of a plan unveiled on Thursday by the cardboard box-making giant to merge with US peer WestRock – could not come at a worse time for Euronext Dublin  the exchange operator  writes Joe Brennan.Nobody likes to be told they’re out of touch but it’s a charge being levelled at managers who have taken what’s been described as a “Tyrannosaurus rex” attitude to hybrid and remote working. Generalisations are always risky  but it appears that age may be a contributory factor here  with older managers finding the adjustment more difficult because the principles and practices they grew up with no longer apply  writes Olive Keogh.Ryan Tubridy may have recapped his CV and purred to Chris Evans about the red electric Vespa gifted to him by U2  but his Instagrammed midweek cameo on Virgin Radio UK was also a reminder of something less smooth. Not everyone gets to leave the Irish airwaves  as Today FM’s Dermot Whelan did  amid studio cheers and blasts of Beautiful Day  writes Laura Slattery in this weeks Agenda.We profile the remaining four finalists chosen in the international category for this year’s EY Entrepreneur of the Year awards  they are: Brian Fahey of MyComplianceOffice; Neil Skeffington of Novelplast Teoranta; Ted Wright of Writech Industrial Services and Tom Walsh of Staycity.Stay up to date with all our business news: sign up to our Business Today daily email news digest. If you’d like to read more about the issues that affect your finances try signing up to On the Money  the weekly newsletter from our personal finance team  which will be issued every Friday to Irish Times subscribers.,neutral,0.05,0.72,0.22,negative,0.04,0.27,0.69,True,English,"['long-term Budget planning', 'BoI chief economist', 'Seán Quinn', 'Calls', 'shadows', 'young male early school leavers', 'daily email news digest', 'Ellen O’Regan', 'Seán Quinn', 'Conall Mac Coille', 'Ciarán Hancock', 'Loretta O’Sullivan', 'professional services firm', 'Mental health problems', 'cardboard box-making giant', 'US peer WestRock', 'Tyrannosaurus rex” attitude', 'red electric Vespa', 'Instagrammed midweek cameo', 'Virgin Radio UK', 'remaining four finalists', 'Writech Industrial Services', 'personal finance team', 'Irish stock market', 'Irish Times subscribers', 'Davy chief economist', 'group chief economist', 'young men', 'Irish airwaves', 'business news', 'The Society', 'Chartered Surveyors', 'long-term planning', 'Government budgets', 'new housing', 'construction costs', 'many projects', 'Other Business', 'John Burns', 'Collison brothers', 'new city', 'Lucy Gaffney', 'slavery reparations', 'Caribbean countries', 'parent company', 'new term', 'mule accounts', 'first half', '50 per cent', 'higher propensity', 'high number', 'traffic fatalities', 'John FitzGerald', 'weekly column', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'Wall Street', 'worse time', 'Euronext Dublin', 'exchange operator', 'Joe Brennan', 'contributory factor', 'Olive Keogh', 'Ryan Tubridy', 'Chris Evans', 'Today FM', 'Dermot Whelan', 'studio cheers', 'Beautiful Day', 'Laura Slattery', 'international category', 'Brian Fahey', 'Neil Skeffington', 'Novelplast Teoranta', 'Ted Wright', 'Tom Walsh', 'Business Today', 'weekly newsletter', 'last year', 'Excess deaths', 'risky behaviour', 'suicide rates', 'older managers', 'EY Entrepreneur', 'Year awards', 'money mule', 'EY.', 'Ireland', 'SCSI', 'details', 'shadows', 'release', 'book', 'backers', 'California', 'Bank', 'stockbroker', 'role', 'October', 'position', 'partner', 'Students', 'college', 'risks', 'amount', 'READ', 'illness', 'evidence', 'risk-taking', 'buzz', 'Thursday', 'Nobody', 'touch', 'charge', 'hybrid', 'Generalisations', 'adjustment', 'principles', 'practices', 'CV', 'reminder', 'something', 'everyone', 'weeks', 'Agenda', 'MyComplianceOffice', 'Staycity', 'date', 'issues', 'finances']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,irishtimes.com
29989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/09/08/davy-seen-cutting-up-to-18-capital-markets-jobs-under-redundancy-programmes/,Davy seen cutting up to 18 capital markets jobs under redundancy programmes,Broker expected to seek redundancies in both Dublin and London,Davy  which was acquired by Bank of Ireland in June last year  has close to 900 staff  about 120 of whom work in the capital markets division.Davy  the Republic’s largest stockbroking and wealth management company  has opened redundancy programmes in its capital markets businesses in the UK and Ireland  with as many as 18 staff expected to exit the business  according to sources.The move comes amid an ongoing downturn in capital markets activity — including fundraisings  initial public offerings (IPOs) and other types of deals — against a backdrop of concerns about the global economy and interest rates  as well an expected slump in trading in Irish equities as some of the largest companies on Euronext Dublin prepare to quit the market.The brokerage  which briefed staff on Friday on its plans  is understood to be seeking a high-single-digit number of voluntary redundancies in its institutional equities team in Dublin. It is also believed to be looking seeking a similar level of redundancies in London  where it has 23 employees  as it focuses on public markets activity and moves out of areas such as private debt and equity raisings.Budget 2024: 'You might have a bit of a bonanza in terms of one-off spending' Listen | 43:12Davy  which was acquired by Bank of Ireland in June last year  has close to 900 staff  about 120 of whom work in the capital markets division. The brokerage has been adding positions since the takeover in areas such as wealth management  its Davy Horizons sustainability consultancy  and building up a small bonds team  after its previous bonds desk was disbanded in 2021 after controversy over a 2014 bond trade that resulted in a Central Bank fine.READ MORE“In response to the ongoing lower level of activity in capital markets globally  Davy Capital Markets is seeking to implement a small number of potential redundancies in its London office. Additionally  a voluntary redundancy programme has been opened for its Dublin-based institutional team ” said a company spokesman.“Davy remains committed to its capital markets business in both Dublin and London and post these measures  overall employment levels at Davy will remain higher than at any point its history  reflecting the strength of its core business and new areas of investment targeting growth.”Dublin listingsThe Irish stock market’s largest publicly quoted company CRH is set to cancel its Dublin listing at the end of this month  as part of a wider listings rejig that will see it move its primary quotation from London to New York. Flutter Entertainment is also widely expected to take a similar route in the near term  having decided earlier this year to take out a secondary listing in the US.Meanwhile  Smurfit Kappa revealed this week that it plans to quit the Irish market if it presses ahead with a merger with US-based rival WestRock.The three companies are among the most actively traded in Dublin and their combined €74 billion market value equates to almost half of the entire market capitalisation of the 20 top companies on the Iseq.,neutral,0.02,0.83,0.14,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['to 18 capital markets jobs', 'redundancy programmes', 'Davy', 'Davy Horizons sustainability consultancy', 'The Irish stock market', 'initial public offerings', 'previous bonds desk', 'Dublin-based institutional team', 'overall employment levels', 'capital markets division', 'capital markets businesses', '€74 billion market value', 'entire market capitalisation', 'institutional equities team', 'small bonds team', 'public markets activity', 'capital markets activity', 'ongoing lower level', 'voluntary redundancy programme', 'Central Bank fine', 'Davy Capital Markets', 'wealth management company', 'Irish market', 'Irish equities', 'redundancy programmes', 'ongoing downturn', 'similar level', 'small number', 'voluntary redundancies', 'largest stockbroking', 'other types', 'global economy', 'interest rates', 'largest companies', 'high-single-digit number', 'private debt', 'equity raisings', 'one-off spending', '2014 bond trade', 'company spokesman', 'core business', 'wider listings', 'primary quotation', 'New York', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'similar route', 'near term', 'secondary listing', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'US-based rival', 'three companies', '20 top companies', 'potential redundancies', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Dublin listings', 'new areas', 'London office', 'Ireland', 'June', '900 staff', 'Republic', 'UK', 'many', '18 staff', 'sources', 'move', 'fundraisings', 'IPOs', 'deals', 'backdrop', 'concerns', 'slump', 'brokerage', 'Friday', 'plans', '23 employees', 'Budget', 'bit', 'bonanza', 'terms', 'positions', 'takeover', 'controversy', 'READ', 'response', 'measures', 'point', 'history', 'strength', 'investment', 'growth', 'CRH', 'month', 'part', 'merger', 'WestRock', 'half', 'Iseq.']",2023-09-08,2023-09-09,irishtimes.com
