UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
30940,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OREXO-AB-PUBL-120795335/news/Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Orexo-AB-publ-44970639/,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Orexo AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) UPPSALA  Sweden  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Orexo AB   Reg. No. 556500-0600  with its registered office in Uppsala  gives notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 26 October 2023 at 15:00 CEST at Advokatfirman Vinge's…,UPPSALA  Sweden  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Orexo AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556500-0600  with its registered office in Uppsala  gives notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 26 October 2023 at 15:00 CEST at Advokatfirman Vinge's premises at Smålandsgatan 20  SE-111 46 Stockholm  Sweden.Right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the General Meeting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 18 October 2023  and (ii) no later than 20 October 2023 give notice by post to Box 303  751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  via e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com  or by telephone +46 (0)018-780 88 00. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants)  as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company's website  www.orexo.se. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 25 October 2023.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 18 October 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 20 October 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.Proposed agendaOpening of the General Meeting. Election of chairman of the General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes. Determination of whether the General Meeting has been duly convened. Determination of number of members of the board of directors. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors. Election of new member of the board of directors. Closing of the General Meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  7  8 and 9)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) and Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB)  proposes:that Rikard Lindahl   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)  that the board of directors shall continue to consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 7) that the remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the committees resolved at Annual General Meeting on 18 April 2023 shall continue to apply and shall  if applicable  be distributed pro rata to the chairman and the ordinary members of the board of directors  respectively  elected by each general meeting. Robin Evers shall not receive the additional board fee for acquisition of shares in Orexo (item 8)  andshall continue to apply and shall  if applicable  be distributed pro rata to the chairman and the ordinary members of the board of directors  respectively  elected by each general meeting. shall not receive the additional board fee for acquisition of shares in Orexo (item 8)  and that Robin Evers is elected as new member of the board of directors for the period until the end of next Annual General Meeting and will replace the board member Henrik Kjær Hansen  who has announced that he will resign from the board of directors in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting (item 9).The nomination committee has been informed that Orexo's largest shareholder  Novo Holdings A/S  intends to propose Henrik Kjær Hansen as their representative in the nomination committee  who will thus become the chairman of the nomination committee to be formed ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2024  replacing Christian Salling.Information about the proposed new member of the board of directors follows below.Robin Evers (born 1970) holds a Bachelor of Science in Molecular Biology from University of Portsmouth and has studied management at Reading University  Berkshire. Robin Evers has over 30 years' experience in Research and Development and is currently  among other things  Senior Vice President and a senior executive in the R&D leadership team of Novo Nordisk A/S (Head of Global Regulatory Affairs & Global Safety  Medical Writing and R&D Quality). Robin Evers has previously been a member of the EFPIA Scientific  Technical and Regulatory Policy Committee (STRPC)  Chair of the Healthcare Council for EuropaBio  Board member of the EuropaBio biotechnology trade association and Director of Pfizer Development Services Ltd. Robin Evers holds no shares in Orexo. Robin Evers is independent in relation to major shareholders as well as the company and its management.Shareholders' right to obtain informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the General Meeting  obtain information from the board of directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so by sending post to Box 303  751 05 Uppsala  Sweden or via e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com.Number of shares and votesThere are 34 710 639 shares outstanding in Orexo  corresponding to 34 710 639 votes. As of the date of this notice  the company holds 294 866 own shares.DocumentationSupporting documents are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  754 50 Uppsala  Sweden  and on the company's website www.orexo.se  no later than three weeks before the General Meeting. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available on Euroclear's website: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Uppsala  October 2nd  2023Orexo AB (publ)The board of directorsFor further information  please contact:Lena Wange  IR & Communications DirectorTel: +46 (0)18 780 88 00E-mail: ir@orexo.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/694/3846498/b0fc764c26ad6218.pdf Orexo PR Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting on Oct 26 Publ Oct 2 2023View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-orexo-ab-publ-301945416.htmlSOURCE Orexo,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.02,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Orexo AB', 'Notice', 'Claus Berner Møller', 'Henrik Kjær Hansen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'additional board fee', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'eight board members', 'voting list', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'Reg. No.', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'Smålandsgatan', 'share register', 'accompanying assistant', 'two assistants', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'two persons', 'nomination committee', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'indirect holding', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Robin Evers', 'Molecular Biology', 'Such registration', 'deputy members', 'ordinary members', 'new member', 'Orexo AB', 'equivalent certificate', 'Reading University', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'proxy form', 'telephone number', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'largest shareholder', 'UPPSALA', 'publ', 'office', 'notice', '26 October', '15:00 CEST', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'participation', 'circumstances', '18 October', '20 October', 'post', 'Box', 'mail', 'lena', 'wange', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', '25 October', 'notification', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'auditors', 'items', 'committees', '18 April', 'acquisition', 'period', 'connection', 'Bachelor', 'Science', 'Portsmouth', 'management', 'Berksh']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30941,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nomination-committee-appointed-for-immunovia-ab-publ-301945460.html,Nomination Committee appointed for Immunovia AB (Publ),LUND  Sweden  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the instructions for the Nomination Committee of Immunovia AB (Publ) that were adopted at the Annual General Meeting on May 26  2023  the Nomination Committee shall consist of four members. The Nominatio…,LUND  Sweden  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the instructions for the Nomination Committee of Immunovia AB (Publ) that were adopted at the Annual General Meeting on May 26  2023  the Nomination Committee shall consist of four members.The Nomination Committee  which is to be appointed for the period until a new Nomination Committee is appointed  shall consist of four members  of which three will be appointed by the Company's three largest shareholders in terms of voting  and the fourth shall be the Chair of the Board of Directors. If the Chair of the Board of Directors is one of the three largest shareholders  he shall  in his/her capacity as shareholder  make his seat available and the next shareholder shall be offered the right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee.The Chair of the Board shall  as soon as reasonably practicable after the end of the third quarter  contact the three largest shareholders registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB at this time in an appropriate manner and request them to  within a reasonable time  may not exceed 30 days  in writing to the Nomination Committee name the person the shareholder wishes to appoint as a member of the Nomination Committee.If one of the three largest shareholders do not wish to exercise his right to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee  the next shareholder shall in turn be offered the right to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee. In the event that several shareholders waive their right to appoint members of the Nomination Committee  the Chair of the Board of Directors shall not have to contact more than eight shareholders  unless it is necessary to convene a Nomination Committee consisting of at least three members.Unless otherwise agreed between the members  the member appointed by the largest shareholder in terms of number of votes shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. The Chair of the Board of Directors or another Board member shall never be the Chair of the Nomination Committee.Based on the above  the Nomination Committee has been determined to consist of the following persons who together represent 7 52 percent of the number of shares and votes in the company as of September 30  2023:Carl Borrebaeck  representing Carl BorrebaeckMats Leifland  representing Mats OhlinSara Ek   representing Sara Ek appointed Chair of the nomination CommitteeFor more information  please contact:Jeff BorcherdingCEO and President[email protected]Karin Almqvist LiwendahlChief Financial Officer[email protected]+46 70 911 56 08The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 10:15 CET on 3 October 2023.Immunovia in briefImmunovia AB is a diagnostic company whose mission is to increase survival rates for patients with pancreatic cancer through early detection. Immunovia is focused on the development and commercialization of simple blood-based testing to detect proteins and antibodies that indicate a high-risk individual has developed pancreatic cancer.Immunovia collaborates and engages with healthcare providers  leading experts and patient advocacy groups to make its test available to individuals at increased risk for pancreatic cancer.USA is the world's largest market for detection of pancreatic cancer. The company estimates that in the USA  1.8 million individuals are at high-risk for pancreatic cancer and could benefit from annual surveillance testing.Immunovia's shares (IMMNOV) are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. For more information  please visit www.immunovia.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/13121/3846766/2334542.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Immunovia AB,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['Nomination Committee', 'Immunovia AB', 'Publ', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Karin Almqvist Liwendahl', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'simple blood-based testing', 'patient advocacy groups', 'annual surveillance testing', 'three largest shareholders', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'new Nomination Committee', 'SOURCE Immunovia AB', 'several shareholders', 'eight shareholders', 'largest market', 'three members', 'third quarter', 'share register', 'appropriate manner', 'following persons', 'Carl Borrebaeck', 'Mats Leifland', 'Mats Ohlin', 'Sara Ek', 'Jeff Borcherding', 'contact persons', 'survival rates', 'pancreatic cancer', 'healthcare providers', 'leading experts', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'following files', 'Press release', 'four members', 'next shareholder', 'reasonable time', 'early detection', 'high-risk individual', '1.8 million individuals', 'diagnostic company', 'Board member', 'LUND', 'PRNewswire', 'instructions', 'Publ', 'May', 'period', 'terms', 'voting', 'Chair', 'Directors', 'capacity', 'seat', 'right', '30 days', 'writing', 'turn', 'event', 'number', 'votes', '7,52 percent', 'shares', 'September', 'information', 'CEO', 'President', 'agency', '10:15 CET', '3 October', 'brief', 'mission', 'patients', 'development', 'commercialization', 'proteins', 'antibodies', 'USA', 'world', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', '46', '911']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,prnewswire.com
30942,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-orexo-ab-publ-301945416.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Orexo AB (publ),UPPSALA  Sweden  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Orexo AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556500-0600  with its registered office in Uppsala  gives notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 26 October 2023 at 15:00 CEST at Advokatfirman Vinge's premises at Smål…,UPPSALA  Sweden  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Orexo AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556500-0600  with its registered office in Uppsala  gives notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 26 October 2023 at 15:00 CEST at Advokatfirman Vinge's premises at Smålandsgatan 20  SE-111 46 Stockholm  Sweden.Right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the General Meeting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 18 October 2023  and (ii) no later than 20 October 2023 give notice by post to Box 303  751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  via e-mail to [email protected]  or by telephone +46 (0)018-780 88 00. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants)  as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company's website  www.orexo.se. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 25 October 2023.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 18 October 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 20 October 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.Proposed agendaOpening of the General Meeting. Election of chairman of the General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes. Determination of whether the General Meeting has been duly convened. Determination of number of members of the board of directors. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors. Election of new member of the board of directors. Closing of the General Meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  7  8 and 9)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) and Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB)  proposes:that Rikard Lindahl   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)  that the board of directors shall continue to consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 7) that the remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the committees resolved at Annual General Meeting on 18 April 2023 shall continue to apply and shall  if applicable  be distributed pro rata to the chairman and the ordinary members of the board of directors  respectively  elected by each general meeting. Robin Evers shall not receive the additional board fee for acquisition of shares in Orexo (item 8)  andshall continue to apply and shall  if applicable  be distributed pro rata to the chairman and the ordinary members of the board of directors  respectively  elected by each general meeting. shall not receive the additional board fee for acquisition of shares in Orexo (item 8)  and that Robin Evers is elected as new member of the board of directors for the period until the end of next Annual General Meeting and will replace the board member Henrik Kjær Hansen  who has announced that he will resign from the board of directors in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting (item 9).The nomination committee has been informed that Orexo's largest shareholder  Novo Holdings A/S  intends to propose Henrik Kjær Hansen as their representative in the nomination committee  who will thus become the chairman of the nomination committee to be formed ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2024  replacing Christian Salling.Information about the proposed new member of the board of directors follows below.Robin Evers (born 1970) holds a Bachelor of Science in Molecular Biology from University of Portsmouth and has studied management at Reading University  Berkshire. Robin Evers has over 30 years' experience in Research and Development and is currently  among other things  Senior Vice President and a senior executive in the R&D leadership team of Novo Nordisk A/S (Head of Global Regulatory Affairs & Global Safety  Medical Writing and R&D Quality). Robin Evers has previously been a member of the EFPIA Scientific  Technical and Regulatory Policy Committee (STRPC)  Chair of the Healthcare Council for EuropaBio  Board member of the EuropaBio biotechnology trade association and Director of Pfizer Development Services Ltd. Robin Evers holds no shares in Orexo. Robin Evers is independent in relation to major shareholders as well as the company and its management.Shareholders' right to obtain informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the General Meeting  obtain information from the board of directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so by sending post to Box 303  751 05 Uppsala  Sweden or via e-mail to [email protected].Number of shares and votesThere are 34 710 639 shares outstanding in Orexo  corresponding to 34 710 639 votes. As of the date of this notice  the company holds 294 866 own shares.DocumentationSupporting documents are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  754 50 Uppsala  Sweden  and on the company's website www.orexo.se  no later than three weeks before the General Meeting. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available on Euroclear's website: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Uppsala  October 2nd  2023Orexo AB (publ)The board of directorsFor further information  please contact:Lena Wange  IR & Communications DirectorTel: +46 (0)18 780 88 00E-mail: [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/694/3846498/b0fc764c26ad6218.pdf Orexo PR Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting on Oct 26 Publ Oct 2 2023SOURCE Orexo,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.02,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Orexo AB', 'Notice', 'Claus Berner Møller', 'Henrik Kjær Hansen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'additional board fee', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'eight board members', 'voting list', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'Smålandsgatan', 'share register', 'accompanying assistant', 'two assistants', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'two persons', 'nomination committee', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'indirect holding', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Robin Evers', 'Molecular Biology', 'Such registration', 'deputy members', 'ordinary members', 'new member', 'Orexo AB', 'equivalent certificate', 'Reading University', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'proxy form', 'telephone number', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'largest shareholder', 'UPPSALA', 'Oct.', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'office', 'notice', '26 October', '15:00 CEST', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'participation', 'circumstances', '18 October', '20 October', 'post', 'Box', 'mail', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', '25 October', 'notification', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'auditors', 'items', 'committees', '18 April', 'acquisition', 'period', 'connection', 'Bachelor', 'Science', 'Portsmouth', 'management', 'Berkshire']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,prnewswire.com
30943,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crypto-vs-banks-not-either-150000394.html,Crypto vs. Banks? It’s Not Either-Or for Chainlink  Ripple,Rather than attempting to disrupt banks and other traditional payments systems  these high-profile blockchain developers are looking to court their business.,Ripple won a partial victory against the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in July  prompting speculation that more banks might consider XRP for their money-transfer systems.Chainlink has successfully conducted experiments with Swift and dozens of financial institutions.Chainlink and Ripple  along with the crypto firms Fireblocks  R3  Fnality and Zodia Markets  are collaborating with financial institutions to develop infrastructure for digital finance.The 2008 Bitcoin whitepaper introduced the world to the idea of decentralized blockchains - and the “inherent weaknesses” in payments systems relying “almost exclusively on financial institutions serving as trusted third parties ” as author Satoshi Nakomoto put it.That’s partly why it’s notable that two of the biggest blockchain firms  Ripple and Chainlink  are now working hand-in-glove with banks and other traditional payments companies to develop what might become the financial infrastructure of the future.This article is featured in the latest issue of The Protocol  our weekly newsletter exploring the tech behind crypto  one block at a time. Sign up here to get it in your inbox every Wednesday.The possibility of a hybrid model might challenge the prevailing paradigm where crypto operates in a parallel universe  often detached from the practical world. The reality is that the lines are far more blurred  with not just Chainlink and Ripple but also companies including Fireblocks  R3  Fnality and Zodia Markets explicitly embracing strategies of working cohesively with financial institutions.“Some people are very anti-establishment in the crypto community and will question on many different levels why there's any point in dealing with the old guard ” said James Butterfill  head of research at the digital-asset management firm CoinShares.Ripple  whose CTO David Schwartz was one of the original architects of the XRP Ledger blockchain  says on its website it wants to enable global financial institutions to “move  manage and tokenize value.” The company is renewing its push to be seen as an innovator after winning a partial victory against the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in July. The legal case had hung over the company like a Damocles’ sword; the SEC has signaled that it might appeal the decision  though a federal judge has already ruled against that plan.Story continues“Boosted from a partial victory against the SEC  Ripple’s supporters are now hopeful that banks will begin to adopt XRP for cross-border transactions and other services ” Coin Metrics researchers said in July.Read More: SEC's Motion to Appeal Loss in Ripple Case Is DeniedCentral banks have been looking into central bank digital currencies  and a Bank for International Settlements survey showed that in 2022  some 93% of central banks were engaged in some form of CBDC work. For Ripple  it’s not competition but an opportunity: In May the company started a CBDC platform that will allow central banks to issue their own CBDCs.In July  the Pacific island of Palau started a stablecoin trial on the XRP ledger. Ripple  which contributes to the ledger  had been providing technical assistance and personnel  and Palau leveraged Ripple’s CBDC platform  a company press release said.ChainlinkChainlink  a blockchain data “oracle” that figures large as a source of cryptocurrency price feeds for many decentralized-finance protocols  has broadened its strategy to cooperate with the traditional system via partnerships.In September 2022  Chainlink announced it was partnering with Swift  an interbank messaging platform  to instruct on-chain token transfers using Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol.In June this year Swift announced it would not only use Chainlink’s CCIP for interoperability between blockchains  but also use CCIP to test connecting over a dozen financial institutions to blockchain networks in experiments. The names included traditional-finance heavyweights Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)  Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ)  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear and Lloyds Banking Group. By August the project had been successfully completed.Chainlink’s CCIP which  “enables users to programmatically transfer tokens from one blockchain ” went live for early access users in July.“The real goal here is not only to enable the DeFi (decentralized finance) and public blockchain ecosystem  and it's not only to enable the banks to interconnect their private chains with each other so that CitiBank chain can talk to BNY Mellon chain  BNY chain can talk to Euroclear chain ” Chainlink co-founder Sergey Nazarov told CoinDesk in an interview in July. “What it actually is  is getting both of those groups to work and transact.”The integration of Web3 with these financial institutions is what will propel the value of the crypto ecosystem  Nazarov said. “What that would mean for the public blockchain ecosystem is that tens of trillions of dollars in value from banks would finally be able to easily flow into public blockchain applications  which would massively increase the market opportunity ” Nazarov said.At Chainlink’s annual conference in Spain on Monday Nazarov argued that blockchain technology and oracles could make industries like banking and derivatives more verifiable so users can monitor events easier and choose when to opt in and out of networks.“Firstly  everyone who's in the system would know what they're entering when they do business or put their value in one of these organizations ” he said. “Second  then everyone would know at the same speed as the people in the organization about what's going on with their values. And third of all  if they didn't like what they saw  they could leave.”,neutral,0.03,0.8,0.16,negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['Crypto', 'Banks', 'Chainlink', 'Ripple', 'New Zealand Banking Group Limited', 'traditional-finance heavyweights Depository Trust', 'central bank digital currencies', 'other traditional payments companies', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'U.S. Securities', 'author Satoshi Nakomoto', 'many different levels', 'digital-asset management firm', 'CTO David Schwartz', 'Coin Metrics researchers', 'International Settlements survey', 'cryptocurrency price feeds', 'many decentralized-finance protocols', 'blockchain data “oracle', 'chain token transfers', 'interbank messaging platform', 'biggest blockchain firms', 'public blockchain ecosystem', 'early access users', 'founder Sergey Nazarov', 'global financial institutions', 'dozen financial institutions', 'company press release', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'BNY Mellon chain', 'XRP Ledger blockchain', 'digital finance', 'payments systems', 'other services', 'traditional system', 'BNY chain', 'blockchain networks', 'CitiBank chain', 'CBDC platform', 'crypto ecosystem', 'one blockchain', 'crypto firms', 'partial victory', 'Exchange Commission', 'money-transfer systems', 'Zodia Markets', '2008 Bitcoin whitepaper', 'inherent weaknesses', 'third parties', 'latest issue', 'The Protocol', 'weekly newsletter', 'hybrid model', 'prevailing paradigm', 'parallel universe', 'old guard', 'James Butterfill', 'original architects', 'legal case', 'Damocles’ sword', 'federal judge', 'cross-border transactions', 'CBDC work', 'Pacific island', 'stablecoin trial', 'technical assistance', 'Clearing Corporation', 'BNP Paribas', 'real goal', 'decentralized finance', 'private chains', 'Euroclear chain', 'Central banks', 'financial infrastructure', 'crypto community', 'R3, Fnality', 'decentralized blockchains', 'practical world', 'Ripple Case', 'July', 'speculation', 'Chainlink', 'experiments', 'Swift', 'dozens', 'Fireblocks', 'idea', 'trusted', 'glove', 'future', 'article', 'time', 'inbox', 'possibility', 'reality', 'lines', 'strategies', 'people', 'establishment', 'point', 'head', 'CoinShares', 'website', 'value', 'push', 'innovator', 'decision', 'plan', 'Story', 'supporters', 'Motion', 'Loss', 'competition', 'opportunity', 'May', 'CBDCs', 'Palau', 'personnel', 'source', 'strategy', 'partnerships', 'September', 'June', 'CCIP', 'names', 'DTCC', 'Australia', 'ANZ', 'Clearstream', 'August', 'project', 'tokens', 'DeFi', 'CoinDesk', 'interview', 'groups', 'integration', 'Web3', 'tens', 'trillions', 'dollars']",2023-10-04,2023-10-04,finance.yahoo.com
30944,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.cfr.org/blog/china-isnt-shifting-away-dollar-or-dollar-bonds,China Isn't Shifting Away From the Dollar or Dollar Bonds,China's reserves has shifted its dollar reserves from Treasuries to Agencies  and made increased use of offshore custodians. The available evidence suggests that it still holds about 50% of its,"There is a widespread perception that China has responded to an era of heightened geostrategic competition and growing economic rivalry with the United States by shifting its foreign exchange reserves out of the dollar. Wikipedia seems to confirm it.It sort of makes sense – China does worry about the weaponization of the dollar and the reach of U.S. financial sanctions. And why would a rising power like China want to fund the Treasury of a country that China views as standing in the way of the realization of the China dream (at least in the Pacific).It also seems to be in the official U.S. data – China’s reported holdings of U.S. Treasuries have slid pretty continuously since 2012  with a further down leg in the last 18 months.There is also no doubt that the market has been pushing for a weaker yuan. So it wouldn’t be a total surprise if China was using some of its reserves to support the yuan and funding its intervention by drawing on its Treasury book.Throw in the sell-off in ten year Treasury notes in the third quarter  and there is a fairly broad concern that China could now be actively selling Treasuries.Follow the Money Brad Setser tracks cross-border flows  with a bit of macroeconomics thrown in. View all newsletters >Yet  that is not what I believe is actually happening.Strange as it may seem  the best evidence available suggests that the dollar share in China’s reserves has been broadly stable since 2015 (if not a bit before). If a simple adjustment is made for Treasuries held by offshore custodians like Belgium's Euroclear  China’s reported holdings of U.S. assets look to be basically stable at between $1.8 and $1.9 trillion. After netting out China's substantial holdings of U.S. equities  China's holdings of U.S. bonds  after adjusting for China's suspected Euroclear custodial account  have consistently been around 50 percent of China's reported reserves. Nothing all that surprising.The bulk of China’s post-2012 efforts to diversify its reserves have come not from shifting reserves out of the dollar  but rather by using what could have been reserves to support the Belt and Road and the outward expansion of Chinese firms (see Box 6 of SAFE's annual report  or my June blog). Those non-reserve foreign assets  strangely enough  seem to be mostly in dollars even if aren’t invested in the United States; almost all the documented Belt and Road project loans  for example  have been in dollars.There are  obviously  two sources of data about China’s reserves – China’s own (limited) disclosure  and the U.S. data on foreign holdings of U.S. securities. Both broadly tell the same story – one at odds with most pressure coverage of the slide in China’s formal reserves.The Chinese DataChina has disclosed that it reduced the dollar share of its reported reserves from 79 percent in 2005 to 58 percent in 2015. It also disclosed that the dollar share in 2017 remained at 58 percent (see SAFE's 2021 annual report). China’s disclosed dollar share is just below the global dollar share in the IMF’s comprehensive data set.That is more or less all China formally discloses. It doesn’t disclose:a) The share of its reserves in yen or euro  or the share of those reserves than have been hedged back to dollars.b) How it manages the foreign exchange receipts from the interest income on its existing reserves. The PBOC’s balance sheet  which reports reserves at historical cost  has been flat since the end of 2016 – and in the intervening seven years the PBOC should have received an average of  say  3 percent a year (according to SAFE  the average return from 2008 to 2017 was 3.35 percent)  which adds up – the total missing interest since 2016 is something like $600 billion.c) The size of its substantial non-reserve foreign currency assets: entrusted loans  SAFE’s participation in various investment funds other than the China Investment Corporation (CIC). SAFE's 2020 Annual Report disclosed that SAFE has provided foreign exchange to support China's Go Out policy and the Belt and Road  but didn't provide any sums.d) The distribution of its dollar portfolio across different asset classes.I really think the IMF should be pushing China a bit harder on all these points. So I think does the U.S. Treasury.The U.S. DataJournalists the world over generally know only one part of the U.S. Treasury international Capital (TIC) data – the table showing foreign holdings of U.S. Treasuries in U.S. custodians (FRBNY  State Street  Bank of New York  J.P. Morgan). That table reports the current market value of China’s treasuries in U.S. custodians  so the recent fall reflects  among other things  the general sell-off in long-term U.S. Treasuries and resulting slide in the market value of Treasuries purchased in years past.That table  however  suffers from three other limitations:One  Treasuries held by non-U.S. custodians wouldn’t register as “China” in the U.S. data. The two biggest custodians are Euroclear  which is based in Belgium (Russia kept its euro reserves there)  and Clearstream  which is based in Luxembourg.And two  the table for Treasuries (obviously) doesn’t include China’s holdings of U.S. assets other than Treasuries – and China actually has a large portfolio of Agency bonds and U.S. equities (they appear in another more difficult to use data table).The U.S. data would also miss Treasuries and other U.S. assets that have been handed over to third parties to manage – and it is well known that SAFE has accounts at the large global bond funds  several hedge funds (including Bridgewater) and in several private equity funds.Let’s start with the data on Treasuries  specifically the Treasuries held by non-U.S. custodians. The Treasuries held by Euroclear and Clearstream obviously could be held by anyone (Russia  for example  had a lot of euro-denominated securities in Euroclear). So figuring out what share of these Treasuries should be attributed to SAFE and China takes a bit of work. Ireland is another candidate  but its holdings are generally attributed to the Treasury operations of the major U.S. companies that use Ireland as the center of their global tax minimization strategies.Frankly  it helps to know a bit of background about the TIC data. The “survey” data used to be done annually. There was a separate data set of monthly transactions (which seemed to suggest all treasuries sold globally were sold to the UK and a few other financial transactions).Yep  up until 2011 or so  there was only one annual high quality data point for China’s U.S. holdings. That really wasn’t cutting it though – the U.S. needed  among other things  better numbers to produce its quarterly balance of payments data. So the U.S. introduced a monthly survey of custodians (there aren’t that many of them …) to get better high frequency data.China of course knew about this (there was public guidance way back in 2011)  and they weren't happy. They didn’t even like the annual data in the survey (it showed China’s huge pre-crisis Agency portfolio  which SAFE would rather have kept hidden).China thus had a motive to increase its use of non-U.S. custodians in the years after the global financial crisis.The next step takes a bit of sleuthing – China’s Treasury portfolio in the U.S. data can be compared to China’s reported reserves. It turns out that a good rule of thumb over time has been that about 40 percent of China’s reserves are in Treasuries.But there is a big “gap” between what China would be expected to hold and what showed up in the U.S. data in 2012 and 2013.Then look at the “fit” if Belgium (Euroclear) is added to China’s reported Treasury portfolio.The missing Treasuries from 2012-14 show up – and then Belgium’s reported holdings fall sharply along with China’s reserves in 2015 and 2016. There is only a bit of slippage from 2021 on (more on that later).Now look at the “fit” if Luxembourg (Clearstream) is added to China’s reported Treasury portfolio – that’s possible  but it puts China’s implied Treasury share over 40 percent.Plus  in the chart above  Luxembourg’s holdings are actually rising between 2014 and 2016 when China’s reserves are falling.It thus seems like a large share of the Treasuries held in Euroclear are being held for a Chinese entity (SAFE).Now  it would be a surprise if China didn’t use Clearstream too – but the simplest adjustment (adding Belgium) works well – while adding Belgium and Luxembourg seems to “over” adjust.Bottom line – China (and other big reserve holders  such as Russia and Saudi Arabia) can appear indirectly in the U.S. data  through the holdings of the major custodial centers.The U.S. data also includes data on the agencies  corporate bonds  and equities that China holds with U.S. custodians.Historically  China has been a big holder of both Agencies and equities. I suspect China holds some corporate bonds too but they don’t appear in the U.S. data (they are likely in either Belgium or Luxembourg as both are major custodial centers for corporate bonds).*Adding the Chinese holdings of Agencies ($270 billion) and equities ($320 billion) – together with China’s U.S. bank accounts (over $100 billion) – to China’s Treasury holdings thus is necessary to get a full picture of China’s total holdings of U.S. assets.This turns out to be especially important over the last few years. China historically has been a big buyer of Agencies: few now remember  but China held more Agencies than Treasuries going into the global financial crisis (see the Survey data for end June 2008)After the Freddie and Fannie scare (read Paulson’s memoirs) China let its Agency portfolio run off  and China shied away from Agencies during the years when the Fed was a big buyer. But with the Federal Reserve stepping back from the Agency market once it stopped buying U.S. assets  the yield on Agencies soared – and China very clearly moved back into the Agency market.The Federal Reserve staff turns the reported custodial holdings into an estimate of actual purchases by adjusting for mark to market changes in bond valuation. In 2022  China bought $84 billion of Agencies. It added another $18 billion in the first 6 months of 2023 – so purchases of over $100 billion in the last 18 months of data. After adjusting for Belgium  China is estimated to have sold only about $40 billion in Treasuries over the last 18 months (it bought around $40 billion in 2022  and reduced its holdings by around $80 billion in the first 6 months of 2023 – with most of reduction coming in January 2023).This actually even shows up in a very old  very bad U.S. data set that just tracks direct purchases from Chinese entities – that data set historically has missed a lot of China’s buying  as China often bought Treasuries from banks headquartered in Europe. But the Agency purchases are just sitting there out in the open.The official U.S. balance of payments data – which uses the valuation-adjusted custodial data – also reports China's overall bond purchases quarterly. This series  as official as any series can be  shows that China directly bought about $6 billion of U.S. bonds over the last 18 months (almost certainly mostly Agencies) even without adjusting for “Belgium/Euroclear” Treasury account. The Euroclear adjustment raises China's estimated bond purchases over the last 6 quarters up by $55 billion  to a total of just over $60 billion. That isn't a big sum  but the sign matters.A bit of throat-clearing: the data here lags  and pressure on the yuan stepped up over the last 3 months.It is possible China has been selling – or letting its bond portfolio roll off and building up its cash position – more heavily in August and September than it did previously. Time will tell. There was a modest reduction in China's total holdings in the July data  which could have reflected actual sales or simply a decision not to reinvest maturing principal into new bondsChina’s own data isn’t all that reliable  but it doesn’t suggest significant use of China’s formal reserves over this period. That would argue against significant recent sales  but it isn't conclusive.More throat-clearing: from all the numbers above it seems that the U.S. TIC data primarily captures China’s formal reserves. Remember that the large state commercial banks don’t have access to the Fed’s custodial facilities  and they have done a lot of lending to help Chinese firms go out – so they aren’t primarily sitting on a big Treasury and Agency book. They clearly do hold some bonds  but those haven't ever appeared cleanly the U.S. data.This is all pretty old hat – at least to me. Watching China’s Belgium/Euroclear adjusted U.S. bond and equity portfolio has been about as interesting as watching paint dry over the last few years; China’s reserves have been flat  so it isn’t a surprise that China’s dollar holdings have been flat. That of course hasn't stood in the way of a lot of somewhat poorly informed speculation about China's dollar holdings after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.In reality  the interesting action has all been in the non-reserve foreign assets of the state banks and the policy banks (and they in turn have been funded out of “entrusted loans” from SAFE  and likely through other mechanisms.**But there are a couple of notable things hiding in the U.S. data.As I mentioned  the data on China’s total holdings  adjusted for Belgium  can be compared against China’s reported reserve share. It more or less confirms that China diversified out of the dollar between 2005 and 2015. In fact  it suggest that the diversification was mostly complete by 2012. China’s reserves actually seem to appear more cleanly in the U.S. data than the reserves of many other countries.The change in the value of China’s U.S. portfolio can also be compared with the change that would be expected to maintain a 60 percent portfolio share of China’s reported reserves. The “fit” here has been quite good. Remember that in a constant portfolio share model  China is shifting toward reserve currencies that are falling in value against the dollar during periods when the dollar is gaining value  and shifting toward the dollar when the dollar is under pressure.As this chart shows  including equities and adjusting for Belgium  the U.S. data actually has a good fit with the big changes in China’s reported reserves between 2012 and 2016.The estimated flow (so adjusting for valuation) can also be compared with the flow that China reports (this uses the Bertaut Judson Federal Reserve data  which adjusts the custodial holdings series for valuation changes).I am thus pretty confident that I can still China's reserve related flows.***At some point  these techniques will stop working – they require a bit of skill and accumulated institutional knowledge  and they hinge on being able to deduce the offshore custodians that China is using  and understanding that China’s U.S. holdings are still dominated by China’s reserve holdings. But for now  they still work – sophisticated reserve watchers know better than just to use the major foreign holdings data unadjusted.Bottom line: the only interesting evolution in China’s reserves in the past six years has been the shift into Agencies. That has resulted in a small reduction in China’s Treasury holdings – but it also shows that it is a mistake to equate a reduction in China’s Treasury holdings with a reduction in the share of China’s reserves held in U.S. bonds or the U.S. dollar.*The Fed doesn’t offer custodial services for corporate bonds  and Belgium and Luxembourg also dominate the global data on foreign holdings of U.S. corporate bonds.**Kevin Gallagher reported that the China Development Bank (CDB) got over $100 billion in funding from entrusted loans ten years ago. In 2015  the CDB and Export-Import Bank of China received a capital infusion of almost $100 billion through the conversion of a portion of SAFE’s entrusted loans into equity  which I wrote about in June and was also covered by Reuters. In 2020  SAFE disclosed that it started its entrusted lending back in 2011. This isn’t even really a secret  though – China doesn’t like to draw attention to it – and the IMF hasn’t really bothered to investigate.***Tracking the non-reserve flows is much more difficult. No one  to my knowledge  does it better than Brad Parks and the team at Aid Data  which tracks Chinese external lending in great detail based on disclosure by China’s borrowers. Almost all of the loans of China’s two big policy banks have been in dollars. Some recent support to troubled borrowers (the ""Bailout Along the Belt and Road"") has taken the form of PBOC swap lines  which are obviously in CNY. The yuan works perfectly well for window dressing reporting (gross reserves) – particularly now that the yuan is in the SDR basket. Argentina also was able to use the yuan swap line to make a set of payments back to the IMF  as the IMF accepts payments in all components of the SDR basket (and in its own SDR for that matter).",neutral,0.04,0.52,0.43,negative,0.03,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['Dollar Bonds', 'China', 'U.S. Treasury international Capital (TIC) data', 'substantial non-reserve foreign currency assets', 'ten year Treasury notes', 'U.S. financial sanctions', 'official U.S. data', 'The U.S. Data', 'long-term U.S. Treasuries', 'U.S. assets', 'U.S. equities', 'U.S. bonds', 'U.S. securities', 'comprehensive data set', 'U.S. custodians', 'growing economic rivalry', 'Money Brad Setser', 'best evidence available', 'most pressure coverage', 'The Chinese Data', 'various investment funds', 'different asset classes', 'J.P. Morgan', 'intervening seven years', 'three other limitations', 'foreign exchange receipts', 'total missing interest', 'two biggest custodians', 'Euroclear custodial account', 'current market value', 'China Investment Corporation', 'foreign exchange reserves', 'Road project loans', 'global dollar share', 'foreign assets', 'Treasury book', 'substantial holdings', 'total surprise', 'Chinese firms', 'two sources', 'interest income', 'The PBOC', 'other things', 'years past', 'offshore custodians', 'foreign holdings', 'widespread perception', 'geostrategic competition', 'United States', 'rising power', 'down leg', 'last 18 months', 'third quarter', 'broad concern', 'cross-border flows', 'simple adjustment', 'post-2012 efforts', 'outward expansion', 'annual report', 'June blog', 'limited) disclosure', 'same story', 'balance sheet', 'historical cost', 'one part', 'State Street', 'New York', 'recent fall', 'dollar portfolio', 'weaker yuan', 'average return', 'general sell-off', 'resulting slide', 'formal reserves', 'existing reserves', 'China dream', 'euro reserves', 'heightened', 'Wikipedia', 'sense', 'weaponization', 'reach', 'country', 'way', 'realization', 'Pacific', 'doubt', 'intervention', 'Throw', 'bit', 'macroeconomics', 'newsletters', 'Belgium', '50 percent', 'bulk', 'Belt', 'Box', 'SAFE', 'dollars', 'example', 'odds', '79 percent', '58 percent', 'IMF', 'yen', 'end', '3 percent', '3.35 percent', 'size', 'participation', 'CIC', 'Go', 'policy', 'sums', 'distribution', 'points', 'Journalists', 'world', 'table', 'FRBNY', 'Bank', 'Russia', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg']",2023-10-04,2023-10-04,cfr.org
30945,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.cfr.org/blog/china-isnt-shifting-away-dollar-or-dollar-bonds,China Isn't Shifting Away From the Dollar or Dollar Bonds,China's reserves has shifted its dollar reserves from Treasuries to Agencies  and made increased use of offshore custodians. The available evidence suggests that it still holds about 50% of its,"There is a widespread perception that China has responded to an era of heightened geostrategic competition and growing economic rivalry with the United States by shifting its foreign exchange reserves out of the dollar. Wikipedia seems to confirm it.It sort of makes sense – China does worry about the weaponization of the dollar and the reach of U.S. financial sanctions. And why would a rising power like China want to fund the Treasury of a country that China views as standing in the way of the realization of the China dream (at least in the Pacific).It also seems to be in the official U.S. data – China’s reported holdings of U.S. Treasuries have slid pretty continuously since 2012  with a further down leg in the last 18 months.There is also no doubt that the market has been pushing for a weaker yuan. So it wouldn’t be a total surprise if China was using some of its reserves to support the yuan and funding its intervention by drawing on its Treasury book.Throw in the sell-off in ten year Treasury notes in the third quarter  and there is a fairly broad concern that China could now be actively selling Treasuries.Follow the Money Brad Setser tracks cross-border flows  with a bit of macroeconomics thrown in. View all newsletters >Yet  that is not what I believe is actually happening.Strange as it may seem  the best evidence available suggests that the dollar share in China’s reserves has been broadly stable since 2015 (if not a bit before). If a simple adjustment is made for Treasuries held by offshore custodians like Belgium's Euroclear  China’s reported holdings of U.S. assets look to be basically stable at between $1.8 and $1.9 trillion. After netting out China's substantial holdings of U.S. equities  China's holdings of U.S. bonds  after adjusting for China's suspected Euroclear custodial account  have consistently been around 50 percent of China's reported reserves. Nothing all that surprising.The bulk of China’s post-2012 efforts to diversify its reserves have come not from shifting reserves out of the dollar  but rather by using what could have been reserves to support the Belt and Road and the outward expansion of Chinese firms (see Box 6 of SAFE's annual report  or my June blog). Those non-reserve foreign assets  strangely enough  seem to be mostly in dollars even if aren’t invested in the United States; almost all the documented Belt and Road project loans  for example  have been in dollars.There are  obviously  two sources of data about China’s reserves – China’s own (limited) disclosure  and the U.S. data on foreign holdings of U.S. securities. Both broadly tell the same story – one at odds with most pressure coverage of the slide in China’s formal reserves.The Chinese DataChina has disclosed that it reduced the dollar share of its reported reserves from 79 percent in 2005 to 58 percent in 2015. It also disclosed that the dollar share in 2017 remained at 58 percent (see SAFE's 2021 annual report). China’s disclosed dollar share is just below the global dollar share in the IMF’s comprehensive data set.That is more or less all China formally discloses. It doesn’t disclose:a) The share of its reserves in yen or euro  or the share of those reserves than have been hedged back to dollars.b) How it manages the foreign exchange receipts from the interest income on its existing reserves. The PBOC’s balance sheet  which reports reserves at historical cost  has been flat since the end of 2016 – and in the intervening seven years the PBOC should have received an average of  say  3 percent a year (according to SAFE  the average return from 2008 to 2017 was 3.35 percent)  which adds up – the total missing interest since 2016 is something like $600 billion.c) The size of its substantial non-reserve foreign currency assets: entrusted loans  SAFE’s participation in various investment funds other than the China Investment Corporation (CIC). SAFE's 2020 Annual Report disclosed that SAFE has provided foreign exchange to support China's Go Out policy and the Belt and Road  but didn't provide any sums.d) The distribution of its dollar portfolio across different asset classes.I really think the IMF should be pushing China a bit harder on all these points. So I think does the U.S. Treasury.The U.S. DataJournalists the world over generally know only one part of the U.S. Treasury international Capital (TIC) data – the table showing foreign holdings of U.S. Treasuries in U.S. custodians (FRBNY  State Street  Bank of New York  J.P. Morgan). That table reports the current market value of China’s treasuries in U.S. custodians  so the recent fall reflects  among other things  the general sell-off in long-term U.S. Treasuries and resulting slide in the market value of Treasuries purchased in years past.That table  however  suffers from three other limitations:One  Treasuries held by non-U.S. custodians wouldn’t register as “China” in the U.S. data. The two biggest custodians are Euroclear  which is based in Belgium (Russia kept its euro reserves there)  and Clearstream  which is based in Luxembourg.And two  the table for Treasuries (obviously) doesn’t include China’s holdings of U.S. assets other than Treasuries – and China actually has a large portfolio of Agency bonds and U.S. equities (they appear in another more difficult to use data table).The U.S. data would also miss Treasuries and other U.S. assets that have been handed over to third parties to manage – and it is well known that SAFE has accounts at the large global bond funds  several hedge funds (including Bridgewater) and in several private equity funds.Let’s start with the data on Treasuries  specifically the Treasuries held by non-U.S. custodians. The Treasuries held by Euroclear and Clearstream obviously could be held by anyone (Russia  for example  had a lot of euro-denominated securities in Euroclear). So figuring out what share of these Treasuries should be attributed to SAFE and China takes a bit of work. Ireland is another candidate  but its holdings are generally attributed to the Treasury operations of the major U.S. companies that use Ireland as the center of their global tax minimization strategies.Frankly  it helps to know a bit of background about the TIC data. The “survey” data used to be done annually. There was a separate data set of monthly transactions (which seemed to suggest all treasuries sold globally were sold to the UK and a few other financial transactions).Yep  up until 2011 or so  there was only one annual high quality data point for China’s U.S. holdings. That really wasn’t cutting it though – the U.S. needed  among other things  better numbers to produce its quarterly balance of payments data. So the U.S. introduced a monthly survey of custodians (there aren’t that many of them …) to get better high frequency data.China of course knew about this (there was public guidance way back in 2011)  and they weren't happy. They didn’t even like the annual data in the survey (it showed China’s huge pre-crisis Agency portfolio  which SAFE would rather have kept hidden).China thus had a motive to increase its use of non-U.S. custodians in the years after the global financial crisis.The next step takes a bit of sleuthing – China’s Treasury portfolio in the U.S. data can be compared to China’s reported reserves. It turns out that a good rule of thumb over time has been that about 40 percent of China’s reserves are in Treasuries.But there is a big “gap” between what China would be expected to hold and what showed up in the U.S. data in 2012 and 2013.Then look at the “fit” if Belgium (Euroclear) is added to China’s reported Treasury portfolio.The missing Treasuries from 2012-14 show up – and then Belgium’s reported holdings fall sharply along with China’s reserves in 2015 and 2016. There is only a bit of slippage from 2021 on (more on that later).Now look at the “fit” if Luxembourg (Clearstream) is added to China’s reported Treasury portfolio – that’s possible  but it puts China’s implied Treasury share over 40 percent.Plus  in the chart above  Luxembourg’s holdings are actually rising between 2014 and 2016 when China’s reserves are falling.It thus seems like a large share of the Treasuries held in Euroclear are being held for a Chinese entity (SAFE).Now  it would be a surprise if China didn’t use Clearstream too – but the simplest adjustment (adding Belgium) works well – while adding Belgium and Luxembourg seems to “over” adjust.Bottom line – China (and other big reserve holders  such as Russia and Saudi Arabia) can appear indirectly in the U.S. data  through the holdings of the major custodial centers.The U.S. data also includes data on the agencies  corporate bonds  and equities that China holds with U.S. custodians.Historically  China has been a big holder of both Agencies and equities. I suspect China holds some corporate bonds too but they don’t appear in the U.S. data (they are likely in either Belgium or Luxembourg as both are major custodial centers for corporate bonds).*Adding the Chinese holdings of Agencies ($270 billion) and equities ($320 billion) – together with China’s U.S. bank accounts (over $100 billion) – to China’s Treasury holdings thus is necessary to get a full picture of China’s total holdings of U.S. assets.This turns out to be especially important over the last few years. China historically has been a big buyer of Agencies: few now remember  but China held more Agencies than Treasuries going into the global financial crisis (see the Survey data for end June 2008)After the Freddie and Fannie scare (read Paulson’s memoirs) China let its Agency portfolio run off  and China shied away from Agencies during the years when the Fed was a big buyer. But with the Federal Reserve stepping back from the Agency market once it stopped buying U.S. assets  the yield on Agencies soared – and China very clearly moved back into the Agency market.The Federal Reserve staff turns the reported custodial holdings into an estimate of actual purchases by adjusting for mark to market changes in bond valuation. In 2022  China bought $84 billion of Agencies. It added another $18 billion in the first 6 months of 2023 – so purchases of over $100 billion in the last 18 months of data. After adjusting for Belgium  China is estimated to have sold only about $40 billion in Treasuries over the last 18 months (it bought around $40 billion in 2022  and reduced its holdings by around $80 billion in the first 6 months of 2023 – with most of reduction coming in January 2023).This actually even shows up in a very old  very bad U.S. data set that just tracks direct purchases from Chinese entities – that data set historically has missed a lot of China’s buying  as China often bought Treasuries from banks headquartered in Europe. But the Agency purchases are just sitting there out in the open.The official U.S. balance of payments data – which uses the valuation-adjusted custodial data – also reports China's overall bond purchases quarterly. This series  as official as any series can be  shows that China directly bought about $6 billion of U.S. bonds over the last 18 months (almost certainly mostly Agencies) even without adjusting for “Belgium/Euroclear” Treasury account. The Euroclear adjustment raises China's estimated bond purchases over the last 6 quarters up by $55 billion  to a total of just over $60 billion. That isn't a big sum  but the sign matters.A bit of throat-clearing: the data here lags  and pressure on the yuan stepped up over the last 3 months.It is possible China has been selling – or letting its bond portfolio roll off and building up its cash position – more heavily in August and September than it did previously. Time will tell. There was a modest reduction in China's total holdings in the July data  which could have reflected actual sales or simply a decision not to reinvest maturing principal into new bondsChina’s own data isn’t all that reliable  but it doesn’t suggest significant use of China’s formal reserves over this period. That would argue against significant recent sales  but it isn't conclusive.More throat-clearing: from all the numbers above it seems that the U.S. TIC data primarily captures China’s formal reserves. Remember that the large state commercial banks don’t have access to the Fed’s custodial facilities  and they have done a lot of lending to help Chinese firms go out – so they aren’t primarily sitting on a big Treasury and Agency book. They clearly do hold some bonds  but those haven't ever appeared cleanly the U.S. data.This is all pretty old hat – at least to me. Watching China’s Belgium/Euroclear adjusted U.S. bond and equity portfolio has been about as interesting as watching paint dry over the last few years; China’s reserves have been flat  so it isn’t a surprise that China’s dollar holdings have been flat. That of course hasn't stood in the way of a lot of somewhat poorly informed speculation about China's dollar holdings after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.In reality  the interesting action has all been in the non-reserve foreign assets of the state banks and the policy banks (and they in turn have been funded out of “entrusted loans” from SAFE  and likely through other mechanisms.**But there are a couple of notable things hiding in the U.S. data.As I mentioned  the data on China’s total holdings  adjusted for Belgium  can be compared against China’s reported reserve share. It more or less confirms that China diversified out of the dollar between 2005 and 2015. In fact  it suggest that the diversification was mostly complete by 2012. China’s reserves actually seem to appear more cleanly in the U.S. data than the reserves of many other countries.The change in the value of China’s U.S. portfolio can also be compared with the change that would be expected to maintain a 60 percent portfolio share of China’s reported reserves. The “fit” here has been quite good. Remember that in a constant portfolio share model  China is shifting toward reserve currencies that are falling in value against the dollar during periods when the dollar is gaining value  and shifting toward the dollar when the dollar is under pressure.As this chart shows  including equities and adjusting for Belgium  the U.S. data actually has a good fit with the big changes in China’s reported reserves between 2012 and 2016.The estimated flow (so adjusting for valuation) can also be compared with the flow that China reports (this uses the Bertaut Judson Federal Reserve data  which adjusts the custodial holdings series for valuation changes).I am thus pretty confident that I can still China's reserve related flows.***At some point  these techniques will stop working – they require a bit of skill and accumulated institutional knowledge  and they hinge on being able to deduce the offshore custodians that China is using  and understanding that China’s U.S. holdings are still dominated by China’s reserve holdings. But for now  they still work – sophisticated reserve watchers know better than just to use the major foreign holdings data unadjusted.Bottom line: the only interesting evolution in China’s reserves in the past six years has been the shift into Agencies. That has resulted in a small reduction in China’s Treasury holdings – but it also shows that it is a mistake to equate a reduction in China’s Treasury holdings with a reduction in the share of China’s reserves held in U.S. bonds or the U.S. dollar.*The Fed doesn’t offer custodial services for corporate bonds  and Belgium and Luxembourg also dominate the global data on foreign holdings of U.S. corporate bonds.**Kevin Gallagher reported that the China Development Bank (CDB) got over $100 billion in funding from entrusted loans ten years ago. In 2015  the CDB and Export-Import Bank of China received a capital infusion of almost $100 billion through the conversion of a portion of SAFE’s entrusted loans into equity  which I wrote about in June and was also covered by Reuters. In 2020  SAFE disclosed that it started its entrusted lending back in 2011. This isn’t even really a secret  though – China doesn’t like to draw attention to it – and the IMF hasn’t really bothered to investigate.***Tracking the non-reserve flows is much more difficult. No one  to my knowledge  does it better than Brad Parks and the team at Aid Data  which tracks Chinese external lending in great detail based on disclosure by China’s borrowers. Almost all of the loans of China’s two big policy banks have been in dollars. Some recent support to troubled borrowers (the ""Bailout Along the Belt and Road"") has taken the form of PBOC swap lines  which are obviously in CNY. The yuan works perfectly well for window dressing reporting (gross reserves) – particularly now that the yuan is in the SDR basket. Argentina also was able to use the yuan swap line to make a set of payments back to the IMF  as the IMF accepts payments in all components of the SDR basket (and in its own SDR for that matter).",neutral,0.04,0.52,0.43,negative,0.03,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['Dollar Bonds', 'China', 'U.S. Treasury international Capital (TIC) data', 'substantial non-reserve foreign currency assets', 'ten year Treasury notes', 'U.S. financial sanctions', 'official U.S. data', 'The U.S. Data', 'long-term U.S. Treasuries', 'U.S. assets', 'U.S. equities', 'U.S. bonds', 'U.S. securities', 'comprehensive data set', 'U.S. custodians', 'growing economic rivalry', 'Money Brad Setser', 'best evidence available', 'most pressure coverage', 'The Chinese Data', 'various investment funds', 'different asset classes', 'J.P. Morgan', 'intervening seven years', 'three other limitations', 'foreign exchange receipts', 'total missing interest', 'two biggest custodians', 'Euroclear custodial account', 'current market value', 'China Investment Corporation', 'foreign exchange reserves', 'Road project loans', 'global dollar share', 'foreign assets', 'Treasury book', 'substantial holdings', 'total surprise', 'Chinese firms', 'two sources', 'interest income', 'The PBOC', 'other things', 'years past', 'offshore custodians', 'foreign holdings', 'widespread perception', 'geostrategic competition', 'United States', 'rising power', 'down leg', 'last 18 months', 'third quarter', 'broad concern', 'cross-border flows', 'simple adjustment', 'post-2012 efforts', 'outward expansion', 'annual report', 'June blog', 'limited) disclosure', 'same story', 'balance sheet', 'historical cost', 'one part', 'State Street', 'New York', 'recent fall', 'dollar portfolio', 'weaker yuan', 'average return', 'general sell-off', 'resulting slide', 'formal reserves', 'existing reserves', 'China dream', 'euro reserves', 'heightened', 'Wikipedia', 'sense', 'weaponization', 'reach', 'country', 'way', 'realization', 'Pacific', 'doubt', 'intervention', 'Throw', 'bit', 'macroeconomics', 'newsletters', 'Belgium', '50 percent', 'bulk', 'Belt', 'Box', 'SAFE', 'dollars', 'example', 'odds', '79 percent', '58 percent', 'IMF', 'yen', 'end', '3 percent', '3.35 percent', 'size', 'participation', 'CIC', 'Go', 'policy', 'sums', 'distribution', 'points', 'Journalists', 'world', 'table', 'FRBNY', 'Bank', 'Russia', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg']",2023-10-04,2023-10-04,cfr.org
30946,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/goodbody-to-cut-banking-jobs-and-boost-focus-on-esg/a1088587585.html,Goodbody to cut banking jobs and boost focus on ESG,Goodbody  the stockbroker owned by AIB  has confirmed it is cutting some jobs in its investment banking arm as part of what staff were told is a “strategic refocus”.,Goodbody  the stockbroker owned by AIB  has confirmed it is cutting some jobs in its investment banking arm as part of what staff were told is a “strategic refocus”.The wider move includes the acquisition of environmental  social and governance (ESG) advisory consultancy  Clearstream Solutions  seen as a potential growth area for the business. The acquisition will add 15 new jobs.In addition  AIB’s eight-strong equity capital team led by Finlay McFadyen will join Goodbody as part of this strategic review. That team manages two private equity strategies for AIB  investing the bank’s capital indirectly through venture capital and private equity funds and directly by taking minority stakes in companies. It will now become part of Goodbody.The job cuts will see around 20 of the 100 roles in the existing investment bank (IB) section go. Overall  Goodbody employs around 350 people.The company said the aim is to create a focused investment bank that ensures continuity of service and support for its core client base through deep sector expertise in the consumer  industrial  financials (and economics) and growth sectors.“Reflecting the unprecedented set of challenges currently faced by investment banks globally  we are taking decisive actions to strengthen our business and position ourselves for long-term success ” said Goodbody CEO Martin Tormey.“While we regret the impact this decision will have on our affected employees  we believe these measures are necessary to align our resources with our strategic priorities.”Goodbody rival Davy  owed by Bank of Ireland  has cut a similar number of jobs in Dublin and London  including in its capital markets arm. It too has beefed up in ESG advisory.Davy has a significantly larger number of employees than Goodbody at around 900.Davy was sold to Bank of Ireland in a deal worth €427m.That deal was triggered in 2020 when the Central Bank fined Davy €4.13m for breaching conflict of interest rules on a major bond transaction related to a heavily discounted deal to sell €27m in Anglo Irish Bank bonds.In the aftermath of the bond scandal revelations  Davy ended up being re-acquired by former owner Bank of Ireland.AIB bought back Goodbody for €138m having previously sold it after the financial crash.,positive,0.81,0.15,0.03,negative,0.02,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['banking jobs', 'Goodbody', 'focus', 'ESG', 'two private equity strategies', 'Anglo Irish Bank bonds', 'Goodbody CEO Martin Tormey', 'eight-strong equity capital team', 'private equity funds', 'core client base', 'deep sector expertise', 'major bond transaction', 'bond scandal revelations', 'investment banking arm', 'potential growth area', 'capital markets arm', 'ESG) advisory consultancy', 'existing investment bank', 'focused investment bank', 'Goodbody rival Davy', 'ESG advisory', 'investment banks', 'venture capital', 'growth sectors', 'strategic refocus', 'wider move', 'Clearstream Solutions', 'Finlay McFadyen', 'strategic review', 'minority stakes', 'job cuts', 'IB) section', 'industrial, financials', 'unprecedented set', 'decisive actions', 'long-term success', 'strategic priorities', 'similar number', 'larger number', 'Central Bank', 'interest rules', 'former owner', 'financial crash', 'affected employees', '15 new jobs', 'stockbroker', 'AIB', 'part', 'staff', 'acquisition', 'social', 'governance', 'business', 'addition', 'companies', '100 roles', '350 people', 'company', 'aim', 'continuity', 'service', 'support', 'economics', 'challenges', 'impact', 'decision', 'measures', 'resources', 'Ireland', 'Dublin', 'London', 'deal', 'conflict', 'aftermath']",2023-10-04,2023-10-04,independent.ie
30947,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4638914-deutsche-borse-plenty-to-like-undervalued-stock-market-companies,Deutsche BöRse: Plenty To Like About Undervalued Stock Market Companies (OTCMKTS:DBOEF),Deutsche Börse is a compelling investment option  with a strong credit rating  minimal debt  robust profitability  and plans for European. Find out why DBOEF stock is a Buy.,"Stadtratte/iStock via Getty ImagesDear readers/followers Stock market companies are among the more interesting finance investments that I engage in. One of the investments I've spoken about often is Deutsche Börse (OTCPK:DBOEY). I've been covering this business for about 1.5 years at this point  and this is a continuation of my thesis for the company  which was updated on July 24 this year and can be found here.So  why do I like Deutsche Börse?Simple. Deep-value companies with AA-credit rating  minimal debt  and high profitability metrics  are likely to deliver solid performance in the near and in the longer term. Even if volatility and fear and greed  or the VIX  stay relatively high  I still believe this company has so much to offer longer-term investors.In this article  I'll update that for 2Q23  and see what we can expect for the remainder of the year as well as going forward into the next few years. Despite the recent set of stock market movements  I'm still up double digits for the year  and this is despite having very low exposure to the tech-heavy NASDAQ.Let's look at what we have here.Deutsche Börse - Plenty to likeThese sorts of companies such as Deutsche Börse have a high correlation to the overall stock market. Usually  when the stock market is up  they're up  and when it snaps down  Deutsche Börse does the same - though not as extremely as some companies. The same trends have been able to be observed for the past few months - the company is down  even somewhat more than the S&P500  but has nonetheless managed to stay above a double-digit drop which we've seen in other companies.Fundamentals remain one of the major arguments for this company. It's AA-rating is one that's hard to beat - and I remain very clear about that while DBOEY exists  I would primarily invest in the native ticker  which in this case is the DB1 ticker. Fundamentals also include an extremely attractive business model  where the company manages over 50% gross margins and over 27% net margins  even today. The company's lack of any relevant or significant debt is yet another point firmly in its favor.The latest set of results we have for the company is the 1H23 results - and despite a relatively negative set of valuation and share price trends  this is not at all reflected in the company earnings.Net revenue was up 18%  and the company's cost developments  the second most important factor  are within expectations  low double-digit (10%). Company EBITDA meanwhile  is up 18% as well YoY  and these increases are driven by above-expectations profitability and revenues  key innovations  and cyclical tailwinds. The company enjoys profitability increases during rising interest rate environments  above all in securities and fund services. In addition  Q1 resulted in an increase in hedging needs  which is yet another thing Deutsche Börse has good profitability.A near-full-service provider such as this company has a significant upside. The company is also in full force  developing its Investment Management Solutions segment.2Q23 Deutsche börse (Deutsche Börse IR)As you can see  a launch for 4Q23 is likely at this point. Company Cash EPS is even better  with an increase of 19% YoY for the half-year  and 27% up for the YoY quarter. YoY on a quarterly basis  the company is seeing significant positive results  even better than on a half-year basis.But we can look at these results on a more granular level as well. The company has a number of segments  and not all of them are positive. Trading and clearing as well as Data & analytics were both impacted and saw negative EBITDA due to commodities decline  valuation effects  and FX. Revenue was up  earnings/EBITDA not so much.Most of the EBITDA growth for the 2Q23 quarter came from a smashing quarter in the securities services segment.Deutsche Börse IR (Deutsche Börse IR)Also  the weakness in the various segments  if near-flat results can be called a ""weakness""  isn't expected to impact the company's net revenue or EBITDA levels. These are  in fact  expected to remain at a growing level which we've seen since 2019  in accordance with the following overall levels.Deutsche Börse IR (Deutsche Börse IR)This is in fact an increase from the previous set of guidance for the company. If you look at both revenue and EBITDA  the original target was with both those numbers being the top end of a guidance range - now the guidance is officially above the top end of that guidance range.This is due to very positive results for the first half of the year and expectations for this to persist going into 2H23.Let me be clear. What you and I see on the market day after day in terms of ups and downs  this is what the companies and other companies like this one live every day - they have long since found ways to ensure that regardless of the market situation  they will continue to make money.Markets go up?Great  Deutsche Börse makes money one way.Markets go down?It doesn't matter that much  Deutsche Börse still makes money from other things and other services that become more important in a downtrend market.How could you not like a company such as this? Basically  no matter which the wind blows  making money is in the company's cards.Is it completely stable in the way that some companies are? No  it's not. If you go back far enough  you can see what happens to the company during a recession  such as the GFC. For this  I like GAAP EPS as a measurement.Deutsche Börse GAAP EPS (Tikr.com/S&P Global)Would we be wrong to expect more volatility and perhaps less growth going forward? No  I think that would be a very logical and correct expectation to have. I believe EPS growth will be more muted now that we're out of ZIRP.However  I believe the company will come in at about the 5-year growth rate that's being implied here.This company also has a very profitable mix of trading/clearing  services  volume costs  and analytics as well as some other incomes. Deutsche Börse adds to this with a very impressive overall set of income streams and is without a doubt  one of the cash-heaviest and least net-debt-inflicted companies I have ever reviewed.This is a superb combination for the current environment and for  as I believe  the next few years. It's in fact a company that is ""better"" than many other businesses here.Why is that?Because the company  for one  has things like Clearstream. Clearstream  the European leading supplier of post-trading services (including things like dividend payouts)  is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Börse. The company's plans to increase the Europeanization of its operations are going well and will put it in an increased (because it is already there)  almost monopoly-like position in the stock market in Europe.The appeal of this should not be understated.Risks? They exist. I would look at the valuation for risks here  not buying the company at too expensive multiples. Rather than the historical growth rates  I would perhaps look at growth rates about 60-70% of what we've seen historically  to be ""safe"" here.However  the valuation here remains very appealing.Deutsche Börse - Why the Valuation is InterestingI did not call the company cheap at the time of my last article. My cost basis is well below €150/share  so even after the drop  we're well above my own buy-in price. This does not make the business unbuyable. It is in fact attractive - not just from a historical perspective  but from a forward-looking perspective.Simply put  the company historically on a 10-year basis has been trading at a premium to a standard 15x P/E  and usually has trended at 20x P/E. The company isn't a massive dividend yielder. After an 8% decline  we're talking about a 2.2% yield - so the primary upside or appeal here  is fundamentals  valuation  and capital appreciation.I won't call the company ""cheap"" here. That's reserved for when/if it goes below €150/share. My PT is still at €175  and I'm not shifting or changing it here.This is the first time in over 7 years that the company  for an extended or longer period of time  has traded below an 18.5x P/E - and this deserves to be highlighted.I believe Deutsche Börse can be forecasted at a 17-21x P/E  with 21x P/E marking the 15%+ annual upside as the growth upside tapers off in 2025E (according to current expectations).Deutsche Börse Upside (F.A.S.T Graphs)Is Deutsche Börse the best investment on the market today?No  I'd say that isn't the case. The valuation isn't that low yet. But it may  if this decline continues  see a very interesting trend  to where a 20% annualized RoR is not only possible but conservative.At that point  I would increase my conviction for the company. At this point  I'm still positive about the company - even moreso than before  but I would still say that other companies have a better upside. Safety is the reason to invest in this one - safety and growth  and that's why I continue allocating capital to this name.S&P Global targets?Still positive relative to current valuations.We have 17 analysts following the company  with ranges from €170 to €233  so most of these are extremely forward-looking. However  most of them have moved to a hold - a full 11 now at this point  expecting the company to experience near-term pressure despite an average PT of €193.06/share (Source: S&P Global). Literally  none of these analysts believe the company is worth as little as €160/share  and yet only 5 are at the ""BUY"" recommendation.This shows a lack of and problems with analysts' convictions.I have stock in the company. I'm adding more - albeit slowly. It's not the best opportunity out there  but it's still a solid business.My current thesis for Deutsche Börse looks like this.ThesisDeutsche Börse is a leading  European stock market operator with a compelling thesis and a very attractive portfolio. It's AA-rated and it owns some of the most significant processing assets in the European market. I view it as a timeless investment at the right price  and I bought in at below €145/share  making me a long-term shareholder.The company's recent targets confirm the intact margin and decent upside  and I'm shifting my target to €175 on a per-share basis  which is the highest possible I would consider paying for the native.As of this article  I am not shifting my conservative price target for Deutsche Börse. That means that it's still at a positive rating  albeit with an even lower upside than previously. If the 2023 Q2 report does anything to change this  I will provide an update as to that fact - but my current forecast is that it will be another beat and another report in a line of upsides for this company.The company is still a ""BUY"" here  in September of 2023.Remember  I'm all about:Buying undervalued - even if that undervaluation is slight and not mind-numbingly massive - companies at a discount  allowing them to normalize over time and harvesting capital gains and dividends in the meantime.If the company goes well beyond normalization and goes into overvaluation  I harvest gains and rotate my position into other undervalued stocks  repeating #1.If the company doesn't go into overvaluation but hovers within a fair value  or goes back down to undervaluation  I buy more as time allows.I reinvest proceeds from dividends  savings from work  or other cash inflows as specified in #1.Here are my criteria and how the company fulfills them (italicized):This company is overall qualitative.This company is fundamentally safe/conservative and well-run.This company pays a well-covered dividend.This company is currently cheap.This company has a realistic upside that is high enough  based on earnings growth or multiple expansion/reversion.The company fulfills 4 of my 5 criteria but cannot rightly be called ""cheap"".Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.",neutral,0.23,0.71,0.05,mixed,0.47,0.19,0.34,True,English,"['Undervalued Stock Market Companies', 'Deutsche BöRse', 'OTCMKTS', 'rising interest rate environments', 'Investment Management Solutions segment', 'Deutsche Börse IR', '2Q23 Deutsche börse', 'share price trends', 'following overall levels', 'stock market movements', 'overall stock market', 'interesting finance investments', 'attractive business model', 'securities services segment', 'high profitability metrics', 'Company Cash EPS', 'Stock market companies', 'significant positive results', 'high correlation', 'same trends', 'significant debt', 'fund services', 'significant upside', '2Q23 quarter', 'market situation', 'other services', 'EBITDA levels', 'good profitability', 'Getty Images', 'Dear readers', 'AA-credit rating', 'minimal debt', 'solid performance', 'longer term', 'longer-term investors', 'recent set', 'double digits', 'low exposure', 'S&P500', 'double-digit drop', 'major arguments', 'native ticker', 'DB1 ticker', '50% gross margins', '27% net margins', 'latest set', 'negative set', 'cost developments', 'important factor', 'low double-digit', 'key innovations', 'cyclical tailwinds', 'hedging needs', 'full-service provider', 'full force', 'quarterly basis', 'granular level', 'commodities decline', 'smashing quarter', 'growing level', 'previous set', 'original target', 'top end', 'first half', 'other things', '1H23 results', 'flat results', 'negative EBITDA', 'EBITDA growth', 'profitability increases', 'Deep-value companies', 'other companies', 'expectations profitability', 'Net revenue', 'half-year basis', 'various segments', 'guidance range', 'YoY quarter', 'company earnings', 'Company EBITDA', 'Stadtratte', 'followers', '1.5 years', 'point', 'continuation', 'thesis', 'July', 'near', 'volatility', 'fear', 'greed', 'VIX', 'article', 'remainder', 'next', 'sorts', 'past', 'months', 'Fundamentals', 'AA-rating', 'DBOEY', 'case', 'lack', 'relevant', 'favor', 'second', 'revenues', 'addition', 'Q1', 'launch', '4Q23', 'number', 'Trading', 'clearing', 'Data', 'analytics', 'effects', 'FX', 'earnings/EBITDA', 'weakness', 'accordance', '2H23', 'day', 'terms', 'downs', 'ways', 'money', 'Markets']",2023-10-04,2023-10-04,seekingalpha.com
30948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVISO-S-P-A-117136854/news/EVISO-Alantra-is-the-new-Euronext-Growth-Advisor-and-Corporate-Broker-44974285/,EVISO  Alantra is the new Euronext Growth Advisor and Corporate Broker.,(marketscreener.com) eVISO Spa announced Tuesday the termination by mutual consent of the Euronext Growth Advisor and Corporate Broker contracts with Alantra Capital Markets Sociedad de Valores SA. The roles of Euronext Growth Advisor and Corporate Broker hav…,October 03  2023 at 11:16 am EDT(Alliance News) - eVISO Spa announced Tuesday the termination by mutual consent of the Euronext Growth Advisor and Corporate Broker contracts with Alantra Capital Markets Sociedad de Valores SA.The roles of Euronext Growth Advisor and Corporate Broker have been conferred to EnVent Italia SIM Spa effective January 1  2024.Alantra will hold these roles until Dec. 31.eVISO is flat at EUR2.34 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['new Euronext Growth Advisor', 'Corporate Broker', 'EVISO', 'Alantra', 'Alantra Capital Markets Sociedad de Valores SA', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'EnVent Italia SIM Spa', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'Corporate Broker contracts', 'eVISO Spa', 'mutual consent', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'October', 'termination', 'roles', 'Dec.', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights', '11', '16']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2754019/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Regulated Information  Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – October 3  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical...,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – October 3  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on October 3  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of September 29  2023  it held 75 425 104 shares of the then outstanding 2 667 771 604 shares  and therefore crossed under the threshold (3%) by virtue of the sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.34,0.45,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'October', 'LLC', 'September', '75,425,104 shares', '2,667,771,604 shares', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00', '32']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753689/0/en/ASM-announces-details-of-the-Q3-2023-conference-call-and-webcast.html,ASM announces details of the Q3 2023 conference call and webcast,Almere  the Netherlands October 3  2023   ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its third quarter 2023 financial results at......,Almere  the NetherlandsOctober 3  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its third quarter 2023 financial results at approximately 6:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday October 24  2023.ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  October 25  2023  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast  and replay will be accessible at this link .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Q3 2023 conference call', 'ASM', 'details', 'webcast', 'third quarter 2023 financial results', 'quarterly earnings conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'Conference call participants', 'simultaneous audio webcast', 'personal PIN', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Tuesday October', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'Wednesday', 'link', 'numbers', 'passcode', 'replay', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', '6:00', '3:00']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753992/0/en/Full-power-for-the-SSM3-6-power-plant-in-Brazil-260-megawatts.html,Full power for the SSM3-6 power plant in Brazil (260 megawatts),Full power for the SSM3-6 power plant in Brazil (260 megawatts)   Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in...,Full power for the SSM3-6 power plant in Brazil (260 megawatts)Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces that its SSM3-6 solar power plant is now producing at full capacity  including the last 133 megawatts unit whose start-up was slowed by the consequences of the grid blackout on 15 August.“Although the ramp-up of the SSM3-6 solar power plant has been slowed down at the request of the grid operator  we are proud to announce that SSM3-6 is injecting its full power into the electricity grid. At the same time  our teams are fully mobilised to bring another of our new power stations into production: the Canudos wind farm  which is also ready to feed power into the grid”  says Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Construction of the SSM3-6 solar power plant1 (Solar Serra do Mel 3  4  5 and 6) began in March 2022. The plant began generating power in July 2023 with an initial unit of 17 megawatts2  gradually adding a further 243 megawatts to reach its full capacity of 260 megawatts.The current test phase demonstrates the capacity of the grid to absorb the full output of the SSM3-6 solar power plant.Next on the agenda: Q3 2023 turnover  on October 25  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 700 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitsei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Press Release dated March 28  20222 Press Release dated July 3  2023Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['SSM3-6 power plant', 'Full power', 'Brazil', 'Solar Serra do Mel', 'SSM3-6 solar power plant1', 'SSM3-6 power plant', 'Canudos wind farm', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'current test phase', 'energy efficiency services', 'new power stations', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', 'last 133 megawatts unit', 'Full power', 'renewable energies', 'initial unit', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'same time', 'full output', 'Q3 2023 turnover', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Seitsei Actifin', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', '1 Press Release', '2 Press Release', 'full capacity', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'grid blackout', 'grid operator', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'local production', 'electricity grid', '17 megawatts', '243 megawatts', '260 megawatts', 'Brazil', 'Voltalia', 'start-up', 'consequences', '15 August', 'ramp-up', 'request', 'teams', 'CEO', 'Construction', 'March', 'July', 'agenda', 'October', 'operation', '2.7 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,700 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753264/0/en/Euronext-listed-Virtualware-MLVIR-PA-inks-Multi-Year-Agreement-with-Leading-Global-Energy-Company.html,Euronext-listed Virtualware (MLVIR.PA) inks Multi-Year Agreement with Leading Global Energy Company,Bilbao  October 3  2023. - Spanish Virtual Reality company Virtualware (MLVIR.PA)  a European leader in the virtual reality space  has signed a seven-figure  multi-year agreement with a leading U.S.-based energy company.This contract will allow Virtualware's …,Bilbao  October 3  2023. - Spanish Virtual Reality company Virtualware (MLVIR.PA)  a European leader in the virtual reality space  has signed a seven-figure  multi-year agreement with a leading U.S.-based energy company.This contract will allow Virtualware's team to continue providing cutting-edge training services for the energy industry.With this contract  valid for five years  and renewable  the industrial corporation will continue to leverage their training processes through Virtualware’s VR as a Service Platform VIROO.Virtualware’s flagship product VIROO is the world’s pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies and institutions of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.VIROO is already used by more than 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  University of El Salvador and EAN University. The enterprise VR platform has been the backbone to develop strategic projects for defense ministries  critical infrastructure training projects  and innovative educational programs.Virtualware is a global pioneer in developing Virtual Reality solutions for major industrial  educational  and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has garnered widespread recognition for its accomplishments.In 2021  Virtualware was acknowledged as the world’s most Innovative VR Company.It is based in Bilbao  Spain  and has offices in Hamilton  Ontario  Canada.The company went public on Euronext Access Paris on April 2023  where its stock currently trades at 8 50 euros a share.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward-looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Leading\xa0Global\xa0Energy Company', 'Multi-Year Agreement', 'Virtualware', 'MLVIR', 'leading U.S.-based energy company', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'Spanish Virtual Reality company Virtualware', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'international stock market movements', 'virtual reality space', 'Virtual Reality solutions', 'seven-figure, multi-year agreement', 'cutting-edge training services', 'innovative educational programs', 'Euronext Access Paris', 'one digital solution', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Innovative VR Company', 'enterprise VR platform', 'energy industry', 'S.A.', 'Spanish Ministry', 'training processes', 'strategic projects', 'market situation', 'VRaaS) platform', 'pioneering VR', 'European leader', 'five years', 'industrial corporation', 'flagship product', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'global pioneer', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'widespread recognition', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'forward-looking statements', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'government guidelines', 'exchange rates', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial situation', 'other past', 'third parties', 'original recipients', 'prior consent', 'Service Platform', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'future earnings', 'future documents', 'defense ministries', 'actual results', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'technological changes', 'actual events', 'current projections', 'information purposes', 'other document', 'Bilbao', 'October', 'MLVIR', 'contract', 'team', 'VIROO', 'world', 'companies', 'institutions', 'sizes', 'sectors', 'development', 'deployment', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'backbone', 'founding', 'accomplishments', 'Spain', 'offices', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'April', '8,50 euros', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'modifications', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'business', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparts', 'contents', 'disclaimer', 'account', 'persons', 'opinions']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRTUALWARE-S-A-153642747/news/Euronext-listed-Virtualware-MLVIR-PA-inks-Multi-Year-Agreement-with-Leading-Global-Energy-Company-44969022/,Euronext-listed Virtualware (MLVIR.PA) inks Multi-Year Agreement with Leading Global Energy Company -October 03  2023 at 01:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Bilbao  October 3  2023. - Spanish Virtual Reality company Virtualware   a European leader in the virtual reality space  has signed a seven-figure  multi-year agreement with a leading U.S.-based energy company.This contract will allow Vir…,Bilbao  October 3  2023. - Spanish Virtual Reality company Virtualware (MLVIR.PA)  a European leader in the virtual reality space  has signed a seven-figure  multi-year agreement with a leading U.S.-based energy company.This contract will allow Virtualware's team to continue providing cutting-edge training services for the energy industry.With this contract  valid for five years  and renewable  the industrial corporation will continue to leverage their training processes through Virtualware’s VR as a Service Platform VIROO.Virtualware’s flagship product VIROO is the world’s pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies and institutions of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.VIROO is already used by more than 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  University of El Salvador and EAN University. The enterprise VR platform has been the backbone to develop strategic projects for defense ministries  critical infrastructure training projects  and innovative educational programs.Virtualware is a global pioneer in developing Virtual Reality solutions for major industrial  educational  and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has garnered widespread recognition for its accomplishments.In 2021  Virtualware was acknowledged as the world’s most Innovative VR Company.It is based in Bilbao  Spain  and has offices in Hamilton  Ontario  Canada.The company went public on Euronext Access Paris on April 2023  where its stock currently trades at 8 50 euros a share.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward-looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Leading Global Energy Company', 'Euronext-listed Virtualware', 'Multi-Year Agreement', 'MLVIR', 'October', '01', 'leading U.S.-based energy company', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'Spanish Virtual Reality company Virtualware', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'international stock market movements', 'virtual reality space', 'Virtual Reality solutions', 'seven-figure, multi-year agreement', 'cutting-edge training services', 'innovative educational programs', 'Euronext Access Paris', 'one digital solution', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Innovative VR Company', 'enterprise VR platform', 'energy industry', 'S.A.', 'Spanish Ministry', 'training processes', 'strategic projects', 'market situation', 'VRaaS) platform', 'pioneering VR', 'European leader', 'five years', 'industrial corporation', 'flagship product', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'global pioneer', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'widespread recognition', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'forward-looking statements', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'government guidelines', 'exchange rates', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial situation', 'other past', 'third parties', 'original recipients', 'prior consent', 'Service Platform', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'future earnings', 'future documents', 'defense ministries', 'actual results', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'technological changes', 'actual events', 'current projections', 'information purposes', 'other document', 'Bilbao', 'October', 'MLVIR', 'contract', 'team', 'VIROO', 'world', 'companies', 'institutions', 'sizes', 'sectors', 'development', 'deployment', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'backbone', 'founding', 'accomplishments', 'Spain', 'offices', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'April', '8,50 euros', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'modifications', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'business', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparts', 'contents', 'disclaimer', 'account', 'persons', 'opinions']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753958/0/en/A%C3%A9roports-de-Paris-SA-Voting-rights-as-of-30-September-2023.html,Aéroports de Paris SA - Voting rights as of 30 September 2023,October 3th  2023     Aéroports de Paris SA    Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 30 September 2023Statement according to Article...,October 3th  2023Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and sharesas of 30 September 2023Statement according to Article L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”ISIN: FR0010340141Ticker: ADPListing place: Euronext ParisMarket: Euronext Paris - Compartment A – SRDDate Total number of shares Total number of gross voting rights Total number of net voting rights1 30/09/2023 98 960 602 163 917 109 163 601 1391 Gross voting rights less shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Aéroports', 'Paris SA', 'Voting rights', '30 September', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'net voting rights1', 'gross voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Market', 'Paris SA', 'Aéroports', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Listing place', 'Compartment A', 'Total number', 'less shares', 'October', 'Information', '30 September', 'Statement', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ADP', 'SRD', 'Date', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753298/0/en/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme.html,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 25 September 2023 and 29 September 202…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 25 September 2023 and 29 September 2023  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 25-09-2023 65 000 € 3 891 453 € 59.87 € 59.46 € 60.78 26-09-2023 85 000 € 5 057 143 € 59.50 € 58.92 € 59.80 27-09-2023 60 000 € 3 562 350 € 59.37 € 59.00 € 59.78 28-09-2023 80 000 € 4 769 856 € 59.62 € 58.92 € 59.96 29-09-2023 83 000 € 4 919 435 € 59.27 € 59.14 € 59.94Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 2 867 765 on 29 September 2023.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'total number', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '25 September', '29 September', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-announces-details-of-the-Q3-2023-conference-call-and-webcast-44972921/,ASM announces details of the Q3 2023 conference call and webcast,(marketscreener.com) Almere  the Netherlands October 3  2023 ASM International N.V. will report its third quarter 2023 financial results at approximately 6:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday October 24  2023. ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webca…,Almere  the NetherlandsOctober 3  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its third quarter 2023 financial results at approximately 6:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday October 24  2023.ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  October 25  2023  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast  and replay will be accessible at this link .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Q3 2023 conference call', 'ASM', 'details', 'webcast', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'third quarter 2023 financial results', 'quarterly earnings conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'Conference call participants', 'simultaneous audio webcast', 'personal PIN', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Tuesday October', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'Wednesday', 'link', 'numbers', 'passcode', 'replay', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'Contact', 'Investor', 'Attachment', '6:00', '3:00']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIGITAL-BROS-S-P-A-79337/news/Digital-Bros-S-p-A-Deposit-of-the-List-for-the-appointment-of-the-Board-of-Statutory-Auditors-44971458/,Digital Bros S p A : Deposit of the List for the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors -October 03  2023 at 06:48 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Deposit of the List for the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors   of Digital Bros S.p.A.   MILAN  OCTOBER 3RD  2023 -The appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors for Digital Bros S.p.A. is on …,PRESS RELEASEDeposit of the List for the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditorsof Digital Bros S.p.A.MILAN  OCTOBER 3RD  2023-The appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors for Digital Bros S.p.A. is on the Agenda for the Company's General Meeting on October 27th  2023  as previously announced.No additional lists have been submitted in accordance with Article 144-sexies  paragraph 5  of the Issuers' Regulations.The only list submitted was presented by shareholders Abramo Galante and Raffaele Galante  representing 66.14% of the company's share capital. The list includes the following candidates:Paolo Villa - as Statutory Auditor (Chairman); Maria Pia Maspes - as Statutory Auditor; Pietro Piccone Ferrarotti - as Statutory Auditor; Stefano Spiniello - as Deputy Statutory Auditor; Andrea Serra - as Deputy Statutory Auditor.This press release is available on www.digitalbros.comand www.1info.it.DIGITAL BROS GROUPListed on the Euronext STAR Milan and part of Euronext Tech Leaders  Digital Bros Group (ISIN IT0001469995) is a global company that has been operating since 1989 as a developer  publisher and distributor of video games through its brand 505 Games. The Group markets its contents on both retail and digital channels. Digital Bros Group is active around the world through its own direct operations in Italy  United States  UK  France  Spain  Germany  Czech Republic  China  Japan  Australia and Canada with 430 employees.For further information please contact:Digital Bros S.p.A.Stefano Salbe - CFOTel. + 39 02 413031 - ir@digitalbros.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Digital Bros S', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Deposit', 'List', 'appointment', 'Board', 'October', '06', 'Digital Bros S.p.A.', 'DIGITAL BROS GROUP', 'Maria Pia Maspes', 'Pietro Piccone Ferrarotti', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Deputy Statutory Auditor', 'digital channels', 'The Group', 'Statutory Auditors', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'General Meeting', 'additional lists', 'Article 144-sexies', ""Issuers' Regulations"", 'Abramo Galante', 'Raffaele Galante', 'share capital', 'following candidates', 'Paolo Villa', 'Stefano Spiniello', 'Andrea Serra', 'direct operations', 'United States', 'Czech Republic', 'Stefano Salbe', 'video games', 'global company', '505 Games', 'Deposit', 'appointment', 'Board', 'OCTOBER', 'Agenda', 'accordance', 'paragraph', 'shareholders', 'Chairman', 'digitalbros', 'info', 'part', 'developer', 'publisher', 'distributor', 'brand', 'contents', 'retail', 'world', 'Italy', 'UK', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'China', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Canada', '430 employees', 'CFO', 'Tel.']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIGITAL-BROS-S-P-A-79337/news/Digital-Bros-S-p-A-Deposit-of-the-List-for-the-appointment-of-the-Board-of-Directors-44971459/,Digital Bros S p A : Deposit of the List for the appointment of the Board of Directors -October 03  2023 at 06:48 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Deposit of the List for the appointment of the Board of Directors of Digital Bros   S.p.A.   MILAN  OCTOBER 3RD  2023 -The appointment of the Board of Directors for Digital Bros S.p.A. is on the Agenda for the…,PRESS RELEASEDeposit of the List for the appointment of the Board of Directors of Digital BrosS.p.A.MILAN  OCTOBER 3RD  2023-The appointment of the Board of Directors for Digital Bros S.p.A. is on the Agenda for the Company's General Meeting on October 27th  2023  as previously announced.No additional lists have been submitted in accordance with Article 144-sexies  paragraph 5  of the Issuers' Regulations.The only list submitted was presented by shareholders Abramo Galante and Raffaele Galante  representing 66.14% of the company's share capital. The list includes the following candidates:Abramo Galante Raffaele Galante Davide Galante Lidia Florean Stefano Salbe Laura Soifer Dario Treves Susanna Pedretti Carlotta D'ErcoleThis press release is available on www.digitalbros.comand www.1info.it.DIGITAL BROS GROUPListed on the Euronext STAR Milan and part of Euronext Tech Leaders  Digital Bros Group (ISIN IT0001469995) is a global company that has been operating since 1989 as a developer  publisher and distributor of video games through its brand 505 Games. The Group markets its contents on both retail and digital channels. Digital Bros Group is active around the world through its own direct operations in Italy  United States  UK  France  Spain  Germany  Czech Republic  China  Japan  Australia and Canada with 430 employees.For further information please contact:Digital Bros S.p.A.Stefano Salbe - CFOTel. + 39 02 413031 - ir@digitalbros.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Digital Bros S', 'Deposit', 'List', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'October', '06:48', ""Abramo Galante Raffaele Galante Davide Galante Lidia Florean Stefano Salbe Laura Soifer Dario Treves Susanna Pedretti Carlotta D'Ercole"", 'Digital Bros S.p.A.', 'DIGITAL BROS GROUP', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'digital channels', 'The Group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'General Meeting', 'additional lists', 'Article 144-sexies', ""Issuers' Regulations"", 'share capital', 'following candidates', 'direct operations', 'United States', 'Czech Republic', 'video games', 'global company', '505 Games', 'Deposit', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'OCTOBER', 'Agenda', 'accordance', 'paragraph', 'shareholders', 'digitalbros', 'info', 'part', 'developer', 'publisher', 'distributor', 'brand', 'contents', 'retail', 'world', 'Italy', 'UK', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'China', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Canada', '430 employees', 'CFO', 'Tel.']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-GROUPE-NV-5967/news/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme-44969220/,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme -October 03  2023 at 02:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 25 September 2023…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 25 September 2023 and 29 September 2023  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 25-09-2023 65 000 € 3 891 453 € 59.87 € 59.46 € 60.78 26-09-2023 85 000 € 5 057 143 € 59.50 € 58.92 € 59.80 27-09-2023 60 000 € 3 562 350 € 59.37 € 59.00 € 59.78 28-09-2023 80 000 € 4 769 856 € 59.62 € 58.92 € 59.96 29-09-2023 83 000 € 4 919 435 € 59.27 € 59.14 € 59.94Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 2 867 765 on 29 September 2023.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'October', '02:01', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'total number', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '25 September', '29 September', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SEGRO-PLC-4007239/news/SEGRO-appoints-new-Head-of-Investment-for-Continental-Europe-44972409/,SEGRO : appoints new Head of Investment for Continental Europe -October 03  2023 at 08:10 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   About SEGRO   SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust   listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.3 …,About SEGROSEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.3 million square metres of space (110 million square feet) valued at £21.0 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors. Its properties are located in and around major cities and at key transportation hubs in the UK and in seven other European countries.For over 100 years SEGRO has been creating the space that enables extraordinary things to happen. From modern big box warehouses  used primarily for regional  national and international distribution hubs  to urban warehousing located close to major population centres and business districts  it provides high-quality assets that allow its customers to thrive.A commitment to be a force for societal and environmental good is integral to SEGRO's purpose and strategy. Its Responsible SEGRO framework focuses on three long-term priorities where the company believes it can make the greatest impact: Championing Low-Carbon Growth  Investing in Local Communities and Environments and Nurturing Talent.Striving for the highest standards of innovation  sustainable business practices and enabling economic and societal prosperity underpins SEGRO's ambition to be the best property company.See www.SEGRO.com for further information.,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['new Head', 'Continental Europe', 'SEGRO', 'Investment', 'October', '08:10', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'seven other European countries', 'modern big box warehouses', 'London Stock Exchange', '10.3 million square metres', '110 million square feet', 'key transportation hubs', 'international distribution hubs', 'three long-term priorities', 'major population centres', 'sustainable business practices', 'best property company', 'Responsible SEGRO framework', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'major cities', 'business districts', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'extraordinary things', 'regional, national', 'urban warehousing', 'high-quality assets', 'environmental good', 'greatest impact', 'Low-Carbon Growth', 'Local Communities', 'highest standards', 'societal prosperity', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers', 'properties', '100 years', 'commitment', 'force', 'purpose', 'strategy', 'Environments', 'Talent', 'innovation', 'economic', 'ambition', 'information']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Repurchase-treasury-shares-44969877/,Colruyt N : Repurchase treasury shares -October 03  2023 at 02:22 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - Halle   3 October 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated information   Repurchase of treasury shares   Referring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 …,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium)  3 October 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated informationRepurchase of treasury sharesReferring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Companies and Associations Code  the Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV communicates that it has purchased in the period from 25 September 2023 to 29 September 2023 a total of 1.577 treasury shares at the regulated market Euronext Brussels  at an MTF or outside of an organised trading facility in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors of Colruyt Group has performed this purchase after having been so empowered by the extraordinary general meeting of 10 October 2019.As a result of these transactions the company holds a total of 7.902.841 treasury shares on 29 September 2023 or 5 89% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 134.077.688).An overview of the repurchases of treasury shares since 1 July 2009  will be available on our website www.colruytgroup.comunder:Investors/Shareholders' information/Overview of capital and shares/Repurchase of shares.Overview of repurchases from 25 September 2023 to 29 September 2023Date of Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total (EUR) purchase facility (1) of shares price (EUR) purchase purchase price (EUR) price (EUR) 27/09/2023 CEUX 107 37 0000 37 00 37 00 27/09/2023 XBRU 1.470 37 0000 37 00 37 00 27/09/2023 1.577 37 0000 58.349 00 General total 1.577 37 00 58.349 00MIC Code trading facility: Aquis (AQUE)  CBOE-DXE (CEUX)  Turquoise Europe (TQEX)  Euronext Brussels (XBRU)  Off-marketContactKris Castelein (Secretary to the Board of Directors) +32 2 363 55 45 investor@colruytgroup.comAbout Colruyt GroupColruyt Group operates in the food and non-food distribution sector in Belgium  France and Luxembourg with more than 700 own stores and over 580 affiliated stores. In Belgium  this includes Colruyt Lowest Prices  Okay  Bio-Planet  Cru  Dreamland  Dreambaby  Bike Republic  Zeb  PointCarré  The Fashion Store and the affiliated stores Spar and PointCarré. In France  in addition to Colruyt stores and DATS 24 filling stations  there are also affiliated Coccinelle  Coccimarket  Panier Sympa and PointCarré stores. Jims operates fitness clubs in Belgium and Luxembourg. Newpharma is the Belgian online pharmacy of Colruyt Group. Solucious and Culinoa deliver food service and retail products to professional customers in Belgium (hospitals  SMEs  hospitality sector  etc.). The activities of Colruyt Group also comprise printing and document management solutions (Symeta Hybrid) and  until June 2023  energy supply by DATS 24 in Belgium (fuels  natural gas and green energy). The group employs more than 33.000 employees and recorded a EUR 10 8 billion revenue in 2022/23. Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV is listed on Euronext Brussels (COLR) under ISIN code BE0974256852.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'treasury shares', 'October', 'MIC Code trading facility', 'organised trading facility', 'The Fashion Store', 'Belgian online pharmacy', 'document management solutions', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'non-food distribution sector', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'Colruyt Lowest Prices', 'DATS 24 filling stations', 'Highest Lowest Total', 'EUR 10,8 billion revenue', 'purchase purchase price', 'purchase facility', 'Trading Number', 'Associations Code', 'hospitality sector', 'ISIN code', 'General total', 'Colruyt Group', 'Colruyt stores', 'shares price', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'applicable regulations', ""Shareholders' information"", 'Turquoise Europe', 'Kris Castelein', 'Bike Republic', 'Panier Sympa', 'fitness clubs', 'retail products', 'professional customers', 'Symeta Hybrid', 'energy supply', 'natural gas', 'green energy', 'total number', '580 affiliated stores', 'treasury shares', 'market Contact', 'food service', 'PointCarré stores', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '3 October', '08h30', 'Repurchase', 'article', 'Companies', '29 April', 'execution', 'Etn', 'period', '25 September', '29 September', 'MTF', 'accordance', 'Board', 'Directors', '10 October', 'result', 'transactions', 'company', 'overview', '1 July', 'website', 'capital', 'Date', 'CEUX', 'XBRU', 'Aquis', 'AQUE', 'CBOE-DXE', 'TQEX', 'Secretary', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Okay', 'Bio-Planet', 'Cru', 'Dreamland', 'Dreambaby', 'Zeb', 'Spar', 'addition', 'Coccinelle', 'Coccimarket', 'Jims', 'Newpharma', 'Solucious', 'Culinoa', 'hospitals', 'SMEs', 'activities', 'printing', 'June', 'fuels', '33.000 employees', '700']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4118454.html,Accor launches unprecedented project in Brazil for the inclusion of people of all sizes,Accor  a pioneer in inclusive initiatives for Global hospitality  announced in September a revolutionary milestone in the Brazilian hotel industry: the adoption of a plus size trousseau as a pilot project at Pullman São Paulo Ibirapuera  which includes towels…,"Accor  a pioneer in inclusive initiatives for Global hospitality  announced in September a revolutionary milestone in the Brazilian hotel industry: the adoption of a plus size trousseau as a pilot project at Pullman São Paulo Ibirapuera  which includes towels and robes of bigger sizes to meet the needs of all size of bodies. The initiative is part of the project ""Hospitality has no size""  ensuring a comfortable stay for people of all sizes and shapes.In a world where the inclusion must be more than just a concept  we are thrilled to be the pioneers to adopt an initiative that fights the fatphobia and celebrates the diversity in its most authentic form. At Accor  we believe that the aim of the true hospitality is to create a space in which every person is able to feel welcome and valued. ANTONIETTA VARLESE  Communications and Sustainability SVP Accor Americas  Premium  Midscale & EconomyAccor is also planning to incorporate inclusion resources in the designs of its future hotels  including sturdier furniture and wide  beds with reinforced structures and wider bathroom boxes.These are not only aesthetic changes  but a statement about our dedication to offering inclusive hospitality that meets the needs of people of all sizes  ages and needs. LARA TEIXEIRA  SVP of Design & Technical Services  Accor AmericasThe pilot project initially has been implemented at Pullman São Paulo Ibirapuera  Brazil  and will serve as a guidance for other hotels of the network. The action  in a partnership with Sylvia Barreto  tourism journalist and creator of the portal “Viajar é Simples” (Travelling is Easy).We are honored to be the starting point of an initiative that will redesign the meaning of an excellent stay for all our guests  without exceptions. JARVES ROCKENBACH  General Manager  Pullman SP IbirapueraThis Accor’s project is more than a step ahead in the hospitality sector; it is a gigantic leap forward for the inclusion. Now  people of all sizes can explore the world with comfort and receive the respect that they deserve. I am honored to have contributed to such a transforming change. SYLVIA BARRETO  Creator of the portal “Viajar é Simples” (Travelling is Easy)Furthermore  Accor is investing in specialized training for its teams  ensuring that respect and inclusion are intrinsic to every interaction with guests. This is an important step  but it is just the beginning. We remain firm in our commitment to setting the standard for hospitality that truly has no limits   concludes Antonietta Varlese.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.02,True,English,"['unprecedented project', 'Accor', 'Brazil', 'inclusion', 'people', 'sizes', 'Pullman São Paulo Ibirapuera', 'Pullman SP Ibirapuera', 'Sustainability SVP Accor Americas', 'world leading hospitality group', 'wider bathroom boxes', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Brazilian hotel industry', 'The Group', '40 hotel brands', 'Global hospitality', 'true hospitality', 'inclusive hospitality', 'hospitality sector', 'inclusive initiatives', 'revolutionary milestone', 'comfortable stay', 'authentic form', 'ANTONIETTA VARLESE', 'future hotels', 'sturdier furniture', 'wide, beds', 'reinforced structures', 'aesthetic changes', 'LARA TEIXEIRA', 'Technical Services', 'other hotels', 'Sylvia Barreto', 'tourism journalist', 'starting point', 'excellent stay', 'JARVES ROCKENBACH', 'General Manager', 'gigantic leap', 'transforming change', 'specialized training', 'important step', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'pilot project', 'This Accor', 'positive action', 'Accor SA', 'size trousseau', 'bigger sizes', 'inclusion resources', 'pioneer', 'September', 'adoption', 'plus', 'towels', 'robes', 'needs', 'bodies', 'part', 'people', 'shapes', 'concept', 'fatphobia', 'diversity', 'aim', 'person', 'Communications', 'Midscale', 'Economy', 'designs', 'statement', 'dedication', 'ages', 'guidance', 'network', 'creator', 'portal', 'Viajar', 'Travelling', 'meaning', 'guests', 'exceptions', 'respect', 'teams', 'interaction', 'beginning', 'commitment', 'standard', 'limits', 'experiences', '110 countries', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'luxury', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,hospitalitynet.org
30963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRAWELL-CO-S-P-A-61871328/news/TraWell-Co-Exercise-announcement-of-Trawell-Co-2021-2024-Warrants-44970064/,TraWell Co: Exercise announcement of Trawell Co 2021-2024 Warrants. -October 03  2023 at 02:45 am EDT,"(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   EXERCISE ANNOUNCEMENT OF ""WARRANT TRAWELL   CO 2021-2024""   Gallarate  2nd October 2023 - TraWell Co S.p.A.   a global reference company in protection services  luggage storage  products  and additional servic…","PRESS RELEASEEXERCISE ANNOUNCEMENT OF ""WARRANT TRAWELLCO 2021-2024""Gallarate  2nd October 2023 - TraWell Co S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker TRWAF)  a global reference company in protection services  luggage storage  products  and additional services for travelers (""TraWell"" or the ""Company"")  announces that during the month of September 2023  1 000 ""Warrant Trawell Co 2021-2024"" (ISIN IT0005446726) were exercised  and consequently  1 000 ordinary shares of Trawell ISIN IT0005378325 (the ""Compendium Shares"") were subscribed at a price of Euro 8.00 for each Compendium Share subscribed  for a total value of Euro 8 000.00. The Compendium Shares  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  have no nominal value  are fully entitled  and have the same characteristics as the ordinary shares of Trawell Co S.p.A. in circulation as of the issue date. Consequently  3 683 569 Trawell Warrants remain in circulation and can be exercised continuously until 16th December 2024  as per the ""Warrant Trawell Co 2021-2024"" regulation (""Warrant Regulation""). Following the above  the new share capital of Trawell Co S.p.A. will amount to Euro 16 252 382.26  consisting of 2 516 181 ordinary shares with no nominal value. The certification of the capital increase will be deposited with the relevant registry on Monday  2nd October 2023. For further information  please refer to the Warrant Regulation available in the Investor section of the website www.trawellco.com* * *About TraWell CoTraWell Co is the global leader in protection services  luggage storage  products  and ancillary services (including the Lost Luggage Concierge service for lost luggage provided by Sostravel.com). Listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker: BIT:TWL) and OTCQX New York (ticker: TRWAF)  the company operates 133 stores in 38 airports across 13 countries  with over 200 employees and 4 million customers served worldwide. TraWell Co. offers a unique exposure to a portfolio of commercial activities and services for travelers. With 25 years of experience  TraWell benefits from the growth in the air travel sector and expenditure on wellness and safety services.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['TraWell Co', 'Exercise announcement', 'October', '02:45', 'TraWell Co S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'OTCQX New York', 'air travel sector', '1,000 ""Warrant Trawell Co', 'new share capital', 'The Compendium Shares', 'global reference company', 'TraWell Co.', '3,683,569 Trawell Warrants', 'capital increase', 'global leader', 'Warrant Regulation', 'luggage storage', '1,000 ordinary shares', '2,516,181 ordinary shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'EXERCISE ANNOUNCEMENT', '2nd October', 'Borsa Italiana', 'total value', 'nominal value', 'same characteristics', 'issue date', '16th December', 'relevant registry', 'Investor section', 'Sostravel.com', '4 million customers', 'unique exposure', 'commercial activities', 'protection services', 'additional services', 'ancillary services', 'safety services', 'Ticker TRWAF', 'Gallarate', 'TWL', 'products', 'travelers', 'month', 'September', 'ISIN', 'price', 'circulation', 'certification', 'Monday', 'information', 'website', 'BIT', '133 stores', '38 airports', '13 countries', '200 employees', 'portfolio', '25 years', 'experience', 'expenditure', 'wellness']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753294/0/en/Riber-Order-for-a-production-MBE-machine-in-Asia.html,Riber: Order for a production MBE machine in Asia,Order for a production MBE machine in Asia     Bezons (France)  October 3  2023 – 8:00am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy...,Order for a production MBE machine in AsiaBezons (France)  October 3  2023 – 8:00am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing a multi-million Euros order for a MBE 49 GaN system.A new Asian industrial customer has just ordered an MBE 49 machine to acquire production capacity for advanced optoelectronic components based on III-nitrides materials (GaN  AlN) for the light-emitting diode market (UV LEDs  white LEDs and micro LEDs).This new order confirms the market's adoption of MBE 49  one of the most efficient multi-wafer thin-film deposition systems for the development of electronic applications based on compound semiconductors.This order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER : Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS : Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['production MBE machine', 'Riber', 'Order', 'Asia', 'efficient multi-wafer thin-film deposition systems', 'new Asian industrial customer', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'advanced optoelectronic components', '5G telecommunications networks', 'light-emitting diode market', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'multi-million Euros order', 'global market leader', 'production MBE machine', 'MBE 49 GaN system', 'global leader', 'new order', 'MBE 49 machine', 'production capacity', 'semiconductor industry', 'III-nitrides materials', 'UV LEDs', 'white LEDs', 'micro LEDs', 'electronic applications', 'compound semiconductors', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'information technologies', 'quantum computing', 'innovative company', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'Cyril Combe', 'MBE) equipment', 'Bezons', 'France', '8:00am', 'CET', 'RIBER', 'AlN', 'adoption', 'development', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'photonics', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'research', 'field', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753807/0/en/Tarkett-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-in-Tarkett-s-share-capital-as-of-September-30-2023.html,Tarkett- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of September  30  2023,PARIS  FRANCE  October  3rd  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of September  30  2023 ......,PARIS  FRANCE  October  3rd  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of September  30  2023(Article L233-8-II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers)Date Total number of shares in the share capital Total number of voting rights As of September  30  202365 550 281Number of theoretical voting rights:123 437 500Number of exercisable voting rights:123 418 941** After deduction of the treasury shares without voting rights.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.42,0.56,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Information', 'shares', 'Tarkett', 'September', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'French Commercial Code', 'marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', '25 R&D centers', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'total number', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'October', 'Information', 'September', 'Article', 'Date', 'deduction', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753272/0/en/CGG-Releases-New-GeoVerse-Carbon-Storage-Study-for-Gulf-of-Mexico.html,CGG Releases New GeoVerse Carbon Storage Study for Gulf of Mexico,Paris  France – October 3  2023           CGG has announced the delivery of the eastern phase of its GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage Gulf of Mexico Study and......,Paris  France – October 3  2023CGG has announced the delivery of the eastern phase of its GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage Gulf of Mexico Study and commencement of the westward extension of the study. Both phases of the project  supported by industry funding  are available for license now with final products for the westward expansion phase available in Q1  2024.These studies provide an accurate  unique  and independent map-based assessment of carbon storage opportunities coupled with a desktop-ready well database and web-based visualization dashboards for informed and rapid decision making.Dechun Lin  EVP Earth Data  CGG  said: “CGG continues to expand its GeoVerse portfolio of expert-driven and data-rich screening studies. This newly released study that spans the Texas and Louisiana gulf coast provides critical subsurface information to accelerate exploration for suitable carbon storage sites in this promising region.”To find out more  visit GeoVerse Carbon Storage Gulf of MexicoAbout CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,True,English,"['New GeoVerse Carbon Storage Study', 'CGG', 'Gulf', 'Mexico', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'suitable carbon storage sites', 'GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage Gulf', 'GeoVerse Carbon Storage Gulf', 'carbon storage opportunities', 'Louisiana gulf coast', 'independent map-based assessment', 'web-based visualization dashboards', 'rapid decision making', 'critical subsurface information', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'westward expansion phase', 'data-rich screening studies', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'EVP Earth Data', 'GeoVerse portfolio', 'eastern phase', 'westward extension', 'Earth science', 'industry funding', 'Dechun Lin', 'promising region', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'final products', 'Christophe Barnini', 'Mexico Study', 'France', 'October', 'CGG', 'delivery', 'commencement', 'Both', 'phases', 'project', 'license', 'desktop', 'database', 'informed', 'expert-driven', 'Texas', 'exploration', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SERVICENOW-INC-10912979/news/ServiceNow-Announces-Teleperformance-as-New-AI-Lighthouse-Member-44974595/,ServiceNow Announces Teleperformance as New AI Lighthouse Member,(marketscreener.com) Global digital services leader to collaborate on design and development of enterprise-grade generative AI solutions across IT and customer servicehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SERVICENOW-INC-10912979/news/ServiceNow-Announ…,Global digital services leader to collaborate on design and development of enterprise-grade generative AI solutions across IT and customer serviceServiceNow today announced that global digital services leader Teleperformance is joining the AI Lighthouse program. Teleperformance will collaborate on the design  development  and deployment of new industry specific generative AI (GenAI) use cases that boost productivity and help increase customer and employee satisfaction across front- and back-office capabilities in Customer Service Management (CSM) and IT Service Management (ITSM).Announced in July 2023  AI Lighthouse is a first-of-its kind program to fast-track the development and adoption of enterprise GenAI capabilities. Teleperformance’s participation complements the company’s launch of TP GenAI earlier this year.“Some of the world’s biggest brands are focused on leveraging generative AI tools to improve efficiencies and strengthen their services ” said Teleperformance Chairman and CEO  Daniel Julien. “Our partnership with ServiceNow will tap into our deep insights based on decades of digital CX experience to create compelling and actionable generative AI use cases for our clients with AI Lighthouse.”“Generative AI is unveiling a new frontier of human productivity  leading the way to an era of rising prosperity ” said ServiceNow Chairman and CEO Bill McDermott. “AI Lighthouse welcomes brilliant minds across all industries to propel generative AI innovation. We are honored to have Teleperformance as part of our ecosystem  their digital services expertise will help to unleash the potential of AI-enabled experiences.”Teleperformance brings deep experience in CX consultancy  GenAI  engineering  and development to AI Lighthouse. The company’s initial focus will be to design and develop new GenAI models to support agent interaction with customers. As the most critical part of customer care  Teleperformance will look to automate remedial agent tasks such as case summarization  next steps  and knowledge management for their customer service agents within the AI Lighthouse program.For more information about Teleperformance’s AI-powered service portfolio  visit https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/services/digital-cx-and-ai/digital-cx/.For more information about AI Lighthouse  as well as Now Assist  ServiceNow’s own generative AI experiences  visit https://www.servicenow.com/now-platform/generative-ai.html.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group’s global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.ABOUT SERVICENOWServiceNow (NYSE: NOW) makes the world work better for everyone. Our cloud-based platform and solutions help digitize and unify organizations so that they can find smarter  faster  better ways to make work flow. So employees and customers can be more connected  more innovative  and more agile. And we can all create the future we imagine. The world works with ServiceNowTM. For more information  visit: www.servicenow.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231003904970/en/,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['New AI Lighthouse Member', 'ServiceNow', 'Teleperformance', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'new industry specific generative AI', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'actionable generative AI use cases', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'enterprise-grade generative AI solutions', 'Global digital services leader', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Euronext Paris market', 'deferred settlement service', 'corporate social responsibility', 'View source version', 'digital services expertise', 'digital business services', 'remedial agent tasks', 'customer service agents', 'new GenAI models', 'Customer Service Management', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'CEO Bill McDermott', 'IT Service Management', 'digital CX experience', 'AI Lighthouse program', 'enterprise GenAI capabilities', 'global leader', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'new frontier', 'global scale', 'kind program', 'knowledge management', 'AI tools', 'AI innovation', 'AI experiences', 'back-office capabilities', 'deep experience', 'agent interaction', 'Safety services', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'employee satisfaction', 'TP GenAI', 'biggest brands', 'Daniel Julien', 'deep insights', 'rising prosperity', 'brilliant minds', 'AI-enabled experiences', 'initial focus', 'case summarization', 'next steps', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'recruitment process', 'passionate people', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'work flow', 'CX consultancy', 'human productivity', 'critical part', 'TEP FP', 'The Group', 'cloud-based platform', 'Teleperformance Chairman', 'Teleperformance shares', 'ServiceNow Chairman', 'ABOUT SERVICENOW', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'design', 'development', 'deployment', 'CSM', 'ITSM', 'July', 'adoption', 'participation', 'company', 'launch', 'world', 'partnership', 'decades', 'compelling', 'clients', 'way', 'industries', 'ecosystem', 'potential', 'engineering', 'customers', 'information', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'Trust', 'range', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', '410,000 inspired', '300 languages', 'force', 'communities', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'NYSE', 'everyone', 'organizations', 'employees', 'future', 'ServiceNowTM', 'businesswire']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2754187/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),PARIS  Oct. 03  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 09/30/2023 55 583 768 61 519 946About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “plan ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the potential benefit of the Company’s candidate products. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Patricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'many other important factors', 'applicable securities laws', 'Securities Exchange Commission', 'life-changing product candidates', 'product development plans', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'unmet medical needs', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Chief Business Officer', 'gene editing technology', 'candidate products', 'other known', 'Listing market', 'immune system', 'operating plans', 'various factors', 'gene therapies', 'therapeutic gene', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'life-saving cell', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'cancer patients', 'New York', 'North Carolina', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'potential benefit', 'numerous risks', 'cash runway', 'Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'financial report', 'subsequent filings', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'Media contact', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'various diseases', 'management report', 'new information', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'PARIS', 'Oct.', 'shares', 'capital', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'CLLS', 'ALCLS', 'meaning', 'words', 'assumptions', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'respect', 'time', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'reasons', 'future', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'investors', 'Attachment', '®', '7']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Full-power-for-the-SSM3-6-power-plant-in-Brazil-260-megawatts-44974704/,Full power for the SSM3-6 power plant in Brazil (260 megawatts),(marketscreener.com) Full power for the SSM3-6 power plant in Brazil Voltalia   an international player in renewable energies  announces that its SSM3-6 solar power plant is now producing at full capacity  including the last 133 megawatts unit whose start-up …,Full power for the SSM3-6 power plant in Brazil (260 megawatts)Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announcesthat its SSM3-6 solar power plant is now producing at full capacity  including the last 133 megawatts unit whose start-up was slowed by the consequences of the grid blackout on 15 August.“Although the ramp-up of the SSM3-6 solar power plant has been slowed down at the request of the grid operator  we are proud to announce that SSM3-6 is injecting its full power into the electricity grid. At the same time  our teams are fully mobilised to bring another of our new power stations into production: the Canudos wind farm  which is also ready to feed power into the grid”  says Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Construction of the SSM3-6 solar power plant1 (Solar Serra do Mel 3  4  5 and 6) began in March 2022. The plant began generating power in July 2023 with an initial unit of 17 megawatts2  gradually adding a further 243 megawatts to reach its full capacity of 260 megawatts.The current test phase demonstrates the capacity of the grid to absorb the full output of the SSM3-6 solar power plant.Next on the agenda: Q3 2023turnover  on October 25  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 700 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitsei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Press Release dated March 28  20222 Press Release dated July 3  2023Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.52,0.39,0.09,True,English,"['SSM3-6 power plant', 'Full power', 'Brazil', 'Solar Serra do Mel', 'SSM3-6 solar power plant1', 'SSM3-6 power plant', 'Canudos wind farm', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'current test phase', 'energy efficiency services', 'new power stations', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', 'last 133 megawatts unit', 'Full power', 'renewable energies', 'initial unit', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'same time', 'full output', 'Q3 2023turnover', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Seitsei Actifin', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', '1 Press Release', '2 Press Release', 'full capacity', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'grid blackout', 'grid operator', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'local production', 'electricity grid', '17 megawatts', '243 megawatts', '260 megawatts', 'Brazil', 'Voltalia', 'start-up', 'consequences', '15 August', 'ramp-up', 'request', 'teams', 'CEO', 'Construction', 'March', 'July', 'agenda', 'October', 'operation', '2.7 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,700 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-Shareholding-as-09-30-2023-44974401/,HighCo: Shareholding as 09/30/2023 -October 03  2023 at 11:37 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers Date of settlemento…,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) September 30  2023 20 455 403 644 867 22 786 847 22 141 980 August 31  2023 20 455 403 534 241 22 786 178 22 251 937 July 31  2023 20 455 403 530 556 22 792 535 22 261 979 June 30  2023 20 455 403 529 405 22 793 847 22 264 442 May 31  2023 20 455 403 485 342 22 793 847 22 308 505 April 30  2023 20 455 403 439 482 22 814 633 22 375 151 March 31  2023 20 455 403 376 968 22 818 769 22 441 801 February 28  2023 20 455 403 319 981 22 818 769 22 498 788 January 31  2023 20 455 403 253 414 22 892 958 22 639 544 December 31  2022 20 455 403 250 392 22 948 713 22 698 321(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCosupports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has nearly 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director PressRelations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ3 and 9-months 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 20232023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.41,0.59,True,English,"['HighCo', 'Shareholding', 'October', '11', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSAR', 'SME equity savings plans', 'des marchés financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'Managing Director PressRelations', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'compartment C', '2023 Gross Profit', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'press releases', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'September', 'April', 'HighCo', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'place', 'Q3', '9-months', 'Wednesday', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '24']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RIBER-4786/news/Riber-Order-for-a-production-MBE-machine-in-Asia-44969224/,Riber: Order for a production MBE machine in Asia -October 03  2023 at 02:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Order for a production MBE machine in Asia Bezons   October 3  2023 – 8:00am – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing a multi-million Euros order for a MBE 49 GaN sy…,Order for a production MBE machine in AsiaBezons (France)  October3  2023 – 8:00am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing a multi-million Euros order for a MBE 49GaNsystem.A new Asian industrial customer has just ordered an MBE 49 machine to acquire production capacity for advanced optoelectronic components based on III-nitrides materials (GaN  AlN) for the light-emitting diode market (UV LEDs  white LEDs and micro LEDs).This new order confirms the market's adoption of MBE 49  one of the most efficient multi-wafer thin-film deposition systems for the development of electronic applications based on compound semiconductors.This order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER : Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS : Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['production MBE machine', 'Riber', 'Order', 'Asia', 'October', '02:01', 'efficient multi-wafer thin-film deposition systems', 'new Asian industrial customer', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'advanced optoelectronic components', '5G telecommunications networks', 'light-emitting diode market', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'multi-million Euros order', 'global market leader', 'production MBE machine', 'global leader', 'new order', 'production capacity', 'semiconductor industry', 'MBE 49 machine', 'III-nitrides materials', 'UV LEDs', 'white LEDs', 'micro LEDs', 'electronic applications', 'compound semiconductors', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'information technologies', 'quantum computing', 'innovative company', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'Cyril Combe', 'MBE 49GaNsystem', 'MBE) equipment', 'Bezons', 'France', '8:00am', 'CET', 'RIBER', 'AlN', 'adoption', 'development', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'photonics', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'research', 'field', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753358/0/en/Information-on-share-capital-and-voting-rights-September-2023.html,Information on share capital and voting rights - September 2023,Information on share capital and voting rights September 2023  Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and......,Information on share capital and voting rightsSeptember 2023Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and articles 221-1 2 ° f) and 223-16 of the AMF Regulations.October 3rd  2023Statement made by:Nexans S.A.Registered office : 4 Allée de l’Arche - 92400 CourbevoieRCS Nanterre 393 525 852Regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A)DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights Theorical (1) Exercisable (2) September 30th  2023 43 753 380 43 753 380 43 661 473(1) Calculated based on all shares with voting rights  including treasury shares stripped of voting rights (Art. 223-11 of AMF General Regulations).(2) For information  excluding treasury shares stripped of voting rights  excluding liquidity contract.Provision of Nexans articles of association requiring shareholders to declare the crossing of threshold other than the legal thresholds: yes.Extract of article 7 of Nexans articles of association: “Fully paid up shares may be registered or bearer at the option of the shareholder. In addition to the legal obligation to inform the company when certain fractions of the share capital are held  any natural or legal person and/or shareholder owning a number of shares in the company equal to or greater than 2 % of the share capital or voting rights must notify the company of the total number of shares held  within a period of fifteen days from the time the threshold is crossed  by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt. A further notification must be sent  in accordance with the conditions hereof  each time that a multiple of 2 % is reached.”Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'September', 'French commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nexans S.A.', 'AMF Regulations', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Registered office', '4 Allée', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Nexans articles', 'legal thresholds', 'legal obligation', 'legal person', 'fifteen days', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'treasury shares', 'Information', 'September', 'Statement', 'accordance', 'October', '92400 Courbevoie', 'Date', 'Art.', 'Provision', 'association', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'Extract', 'option', 'addition', 'company', 'fractions', 'natural', 'period', 'time', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'notification', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'Attachment', '2 °']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/CGG-Releases-New-GeoVerse-Carbon-Storage-Study-for-Gulf-of-Mexico-44969115/,CGG Releases New GeoVerse Carbon Storage Study for Gulf of Mexico,(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – October 3  2023         CGG has announced the delivery of the eastern phase of its GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage Gulf of Mexico Study and commencement of the westward extension of the study. Both phases of the project  supporte…,Paris  France – October3  2023CGG has announced the delivery of the eastern phase of its GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage Gulf of Mexico Study and commencement of the westward extension of the study. Both phases of the project  supported by industry funding  are available for license now with final products for the westward expansion phase available in Q1  2024.These studies provide an accurate  unique  and independent map-based assessment of carbon storage opportunities coupled with a desktop-ready well database and web-based visualization dashboards for informed and rapid decision making.Dechun Lin  EVP Earth Data  CGG  said: “CGG continues to expand its GeoVerse portfolio of expert-driven and data-rich screening studies. This newly released study that spans the Texas and Louisiana gulf coast provides critical subsurface information to accelerate exploration for suitable carbon storage sites in this promising region.”To find out more  visit GeoVerse Carbon Storage Gulf of MexicoAbout CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.5,0.48,0.02,True,English,"['New GeoVerse Carbon Storage Study', 'CGG', 'Gulf', 'Mexico', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'suitable carbon storage sites', 'GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage Gulf', 'GeoVerse Carbon Storage Gulf', 'carbon storage opportunities', 'Louisiana gulf coast', 'independent map-based assessment', 'web-based visualization dashboards', 'rapid decision making', 'critical subsurface information', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'westward expansion phase', 'data-rich screening studies', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'EVP Earth Data', 'GeoVerse portfolio', 'eastern phase', 'westward extension', 'Earth science', 'industry funding', 'Dechun Lin', 'promising region', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'final products', 'Christophe Barnini', 'Mexico Study', 'France', 'October', 'CGG', 'delivery', 'commencement', 'Both', 'phases', 'project', 'license', 'desktop', 'database', 'informed', 'expert-driven', 'Texas', 'exploration', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753956/0/en/TOUAX-has-signed-up-to-the-United-Nations-Global-Compact.html,TOUAX has signed up to the United Nations Global Compact,YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORT                 TOUAX has signed up to the United Nations Global Compact  As a company......,"YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTTOUAX has signed up to the United Nations Global CompactAs a company promoting sustainable transport  TOUAX has always been committed to social and environmental responsibility. By joining the United Nations Global Compact  the Group reaffirms this commitment and confirms its support for the ten universal principles set out in the Compact.The UN Global Compact is the world's largest corporate social responsibility initiative. It requires us to integrate the ten universal principles in the areas of human rights  labour  environment and anti-corruption within the Group and to communicate regularly on our progress in the area of corporate social responsibility.""The Group has been committed to sustainable transport since it was founded 170 years ago  and our DNA is based on respect for the universal principles set out in the Compact. This membership is another step forward in our commitment to a more sustainable world"" said Fabrice and Raphaël Walewski  the Group's Managing Partners.UPCOMING DATES14 November 2023: Revenue for the 3rd quarter 2023The TOUAX Group rents out tangible assets (freight wagons  river barges and containers) every day throughout the world on its own behalf and on behalf of investors. With €1.2 billion under management  TOUAX is one of Europe's leading leasing companies for this type of equipment.TOUAX is listed in Paris on EURONEXT Compartment C (ISIN Code FR0000033003) and is included in the CAC® Small CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information: www.touax.comYour contacts :TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine Gasparettotouax@touax.com ggasparetto@actifin.frwww.touax.com Tel : +33 1 56 88 11 11Tel : +33 1 46 96 18 00Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['United Nations Global Compact', 'TOUAX', 'largest corporate social responsibility initiative', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'The UN Global Compact', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'Raphaël Walewski', 'leading leasing companies', 'EURONEXT Compartment C', 'CAC® Small CAC®', 'EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices', 'ten universal principles', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'The TOUAX Group', 'environmental responsibility', 'The Group', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORT', 'human rights', 'Managing Partners', 'UPCOMING DATES', '3rd quarter', 'tangible assets', 'freight wagons', 'river barges', 'ISIN Code', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'sustainable world', 'company', 'commitment', 'support', 'areas', 'labour', 'anti-corruption', 'progress', 'DNA', 'respect', 'membership', 'step', '14 November', 'Revenue', 'containers', 'behalf', 'investors', 'management', 'Europe', 'type', 'equipment', 'Paris', 'information', 'contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33', '56']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIAGNOSTIC-MEDICAL-SYSTEM-30049815/news/Diagnostic-Medical-Systems-DMS-GROUP-Finalisation-of-the-acquisition-of-Solutions-For-Tomorr-44974804/,Diagnostic Medical Systems :  DMS GROUP : Finalisation of the acquisition of Solutions For Tomorrow (SFT). DMS Group expands into mobile medical imaging.,(marketscreener.com)  03 October 2023 - 6.00 p.m.Finalisation of the acquisition of Solutions For Tomorrow DMS Group expands into mobile medical imagingA strategic acquisition at the cutting edge of medical imagingMotorised mobile equipment that offers…,"03 October 2023 - 6.00 p.m.Finalisation of the acquisition of Solutions For Tomorrow (SFT)DMS Group expands into mobile medical imagingA strategic acquisition at the cutting edge of medical imagingMotorised mobile equipment that offers high added valueA value-creating transaction: strengthening the Group's competitive positioning considerable operational  commercial and technological synergies03 October 2023 - 6.00 p.m. - Diagnostic Medical Systems Group (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0012202497 - ALDMS and FR001400IAQ8 - DMSBS)  a specialist in high-performance medical imaging systems for digital radiology and bone densitometry  announces the completion of its acquisition of Solutions For Tomorrow  a specialist in mobile X-ray equipment. This acquisition will be carried out entirely through a stock swap.Solutions For Tomorrow: a cutting-edge mobile X-ray specialist operating in 35 countriesSolutions For Tomorrow (https://solutionsfortomorrow.se/) is a Swedish company based in Väckelsång. It was founded in 2011 by three radiology experts  Mattias Guldstrand  Martin Yngvesson and Jan Bååt.Solutions For Tomorrow specialises in motorised mobile medical imaging equipment. It offers a range of high-performance  industry-leading solutions with unrivalled compactness  ergonomics and power  protected by 15 patents  and backed by its proprietary X-tech cell® battery technology at the cutting edge of innovation.Solutions For Tomorrow has an installed base of more than 500 units deployed in 35 countries. It has 23 employees in 2022.A strategic acquisition addressing a fast-growing marketUltra-mobile products are at the forefront of new trends in the medical imaging market  which is moving towards a more decentralized model of care  driven by an aging population and the development of chronic diseases such as cancer and heart disease  establishing mobile radiology as an important factor in maintaining sustainable healthcare systems.Mobile digital medical imaging significantly improves the efficiency of patient care  both in terms of diagnosis and therapeutic procedures  thanks to better image quality  faster treatment times and reduced doses.The acquisition of SFT strengthens the DMS Group's position in this fast-growing digital mobile market  and further advances DMS Group's ""One Stop Shop"" product strategy.A value-creating operation with strong synergiesFor DMS Group  the SFT acquisition offers strong synergies  perfectly in line with the strategic plan:Commercial synergies  with an expanded premium offering to cover fast-growing market demand and accelerate geographic penetration in strategic areas  such as the US market (estimated at 1 500 units/year)  where motorization of mobile equipment remains mainstream; beyond this offering broadening  the integration of Solutions For Tomorrow will also strengthen DMS's positions with its key OEM customers and pave the way for new partnerships;Industrial and technological synergies   with continued industrial optimization and dual technological expertise in X-ray tube manufacture along with a state-of-the-art battery solution  to be further reinforced by the development of a multiplatform version of DMS' proprietary ADAM software to optimize workflow management and the quality of radiological images;  with continued industrial optimization and dual technological expertise in X-ray tube manufacture along with a state-of-the-art battery solution  to be further reinforced by the development of a multiplatform version of DMS' proprietary ADAM software to optimize workflow management and the quality of radiological images; Operational synergies (e.g. purchasing and marketing resources)  capitalizing on growing critical size;The integration of Solutions For Tomorrow will speed up execution of the Imaging 2027 plan and accelerate DMS Group's attainment of critical size  to achieve sales of at least €70 million associated with an EBITDA margin of 14%.The acquisition of Solutions For Tomorrow marks the first milestone in DMS Group's European consolidation ambition  and offers a solid foundation for future external growth to create a genuine consolidation platform for the European medical imaging sector and a vital partner for the sector's major players.Samuel Sancerni  Chairman of DMS Group said: “We are very excited at the idea of welcoming Solutions For Tomorrow into our Group. The complementary nature of our offers and our capacity for joint innovation will enable us to speed up our value strategy and conquer new markets on a global scale. This acquisition is also a reflection of our ambition to develop a genuine sector of excellence for medical imaging in France and Europe. The management and teams at Solutions For Tomorrow share our vision and our values and will be fully committed to working alongside us. We look forward to welcoming this talented team and sharing our ambition with them.”Mattias Guldstrand  CEO and Co-founder of Solutions For Tomorrow AB said: “We are excited about the merger with DMS and becoming a part of a strong player in the medical imaging market. There are many opportunities for expansion by joining forces. One example is the True X-Ray Mobility  a unique mobile X-ray device developed by Solutions For Tomorrow. Through the DMS Group's extensive distribution network  we will be able to accelerate its worldwide commercialization.”Marko Järvinen  Partner at Verso Capital said: “We are excited to take this next step with Solutions for Tomorrow and DMS  as the combined company can offer a very attractive range of market-leading medical imaging solutions and bone densitometry through a single sales channel. Verso Capital fully supports the DMS management growth ambitions and look forward to continued cooperation to enable accelerated growth for the DMS Group.”Transaction overviewIn return for the contribution of 100% of Solutions For Tomorrow shares  its main shareholder Verso Capital  a leading Nordic investment fund with strong healthcare expertise  and the other co-shareholders will receive 2 753 818 DMS SA shares  of which 789 533 DMS SA treasury shares and 1 964 285 newly issued shares.On completion of the transaction  Verso Capital will hold approximately 15% of DMS SA's share capital via Verso Fund III  becoming a new reference shareholder who will partner with the management team over the long term and fully support DMS's ambition to consolidate the medical imaging sector in Europe in the long term.About DMS Group:DMS Imaging is an industrial company that develops  designs and manufactures industry-leading medical imaging systems  mainly for digital radiology and bone densitometry  and has its own production centre in the south of France (Gallargues-le-Montueux). With more than 40 years of experience  DMS Imaging has an established network of 140 distributors worldwide and is part of several major international OEM partnerships. DMS Group is listed on the Euronext Growth stock exchange in Paris (ISIN: FR0012202497 - Ticker: ALDMS) and is eligible for the SME personal equity plan (PEA-PME). On 13 June 2023  DMS Group awarded share subscription warrants listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (ISIN: FR001400IAQ8 - Ticker: DMSBS) and exercisable until 12 September 2025.ContactsACTIFINStéphane Ruiz - Investor Relations - +33 (0)1 56 88 11 15 - sruiz@actifin.frJennifer Jullia - Press Relations - +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19 - jjullia@actifin.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mm9saZxmlGyZlm9wZciXa2hqa5pmxpKXaWGal5KZl57JnJyWyZxlaJeXZnFjlmtm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesâ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82160-2023-10-03_dms-group_acquisition-de-sft_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Diagnostic Medical Systems', 'mobile medical imaging', 'DMS GROUP', 'Finalisation', 'acquisition', 'Solutions', 'Tomorrow', 'SFT', 'One Stop Shop"" product strategy', 'proprietary X-tech cell® battery technology', 'motorised mobile medical imaging equipment', ""DMS' proprietary ADAM software"", 'high-performance medical imaging systems', 'Mobile digital medical imaging', 'Diagnostic Medical Systems Group', 'cutting-edge mobile X-ray specialist', 'European medical imaging sector', 'growing digital mobile market', 'Motorised mobile equipment', 'mobile X-ray equipment', 'sustainable healthcare systems', 'art battery solution', 'medical imaging market', 'X-ray tube manufacture', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Väckelsång', 'Jan Bååt', 'faster treatment times', 'key OEM customers', 'future external growth', 'growing market demand', 'high added value', 'dual technological expertise', 'genuine consolidation platform', 'three radiology experts', 'continued industrial optimization', 'European consolidation ambition', 'considerable operational, commercial', 'growing critical size', 'high-performance, industry-leading solutions', 'value strategy', 'digital radiology', 'mobile radiology', 'Imaging 2027 plan', 'genuine sector', 'US market', 'technological synergies', 'Commercial synergies', 'Operational synergies', 'DMS Group', 'cutting edge', 'value-creating transaction', 'competitive positioning', 'bone densitometry', 'stock swap', 'Swedish company', 'Mattias Guldstrand', 'Martin Yngvesson', 'unrivalled compactness', 'installed base', 'Ultra-mobile products', 'new trends', 'decentralized model', 'aging population', 'chronic diseases', 'heart disease', 'important factor', 'therapeutic procedures', 'value-creating operation', 'strong synergies', 'strategic plan', 'geographic penetration', 'strategic areas', 'new partnerships', 'multiplatform version', 'radiological images', 'marketing resources', 'EBITDA margin', 'first milestone', 'solid foundation', 'vital partner', 'major players', 'Samuel Sancerni', 'complementary nature', 'new markets', 'global scale', 'talented team', 'strong player', 'workflow management', 'patient care', 'premium offering', 'joint innovation', 'strategic acquisition', 'image quality', 'Tomorrow AB', 'SFT acquisition', '03 October', 'Finalisation', 'ALDMS', 'FR001400IAQ8', 'DMSBS', 'completion', '35 countries', 'range', 'ergonomics', 'power', '15 patents', '500 units', '23 employees', 'forefront', 'development', 'cancer', 'efficiency', 'terms', 'diagnosis', 'reduced', 'doses', 'line', 'motorization', 'integration', 'positions', 'way', 'state', 'purchasing', 'execution', 'attainment', 'sales', 'Chairman', 'idea', 'offers', 'capacity', 'reflection', 'excellence', 'France', 'teams', 'vision', 'values', 'CEO', 'founder', 'merger', '6.00']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHAXIAM-THERAPEUTICS-S-A-13046812/news/PHAXIAM-Therapeutics-and-Vetophage-Announce-Strategic-Research-Collaboration-44975686/,PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage Announce Strategic Research Collaboration -October 03  2023 at 04:06 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage Announce Strategic Research Collaboration Strategic research partnership between PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage  a biotechnology company specialized in veterinary phage therapy Combining expertise in…,PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage AnnounceStrategic ResearchCollaborationStrategic research partnership between PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage  a biotechnology company specializ ed in veterinary phag e therapyCombining expertise in the research of new phages and phage endolysins that c ould be applied to human healthExclusive phage and endolysin licensing options in human health for PHAXIAM TherapeuticsLyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  October03  2023 – 10:05pm CEST – PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Nasdaq & Euronext: PHXM) and Vetophage  a company specialized in phage therapy applied to animal health  announce the signature of a long-term strategic research partnership to combine their expertise in the research of new phages and phage-derived proteins (endolysins) in the fight against antimicrobial resistance.Vetophage is a Lyon-based biotechnology company founded in 2017. It develops new tools to detect pathogenic bacteria and alternative solutions to antibiotics based on phages and endolysins to tackle antimicrobial resistance in animals.Through its innovative technological platform  Vetophage benefits from a wide range of capabilities for the discovery  identification and characterization of phages and endolysins. The company enables PHAXIAM Therapeutics to screen its broad phage and endolysin bank targeting highly antimicrobial-resistant infections.This agreement gives PHAXIAM Therapeutics exclusive licensing options on specified phages and endolysins in human health from the Vetophage platform  to further strengthen its product portfolio. This strategic partnership initiates the potential for future research and industrial collaborations that will capitalize on PHAXIAM's expertise  while strengthening its development program dedicated to the fight against antimicrobial resistance.« The agreement with Vetophage is a significant milestone for PHAXIAM Therapeutics' development in the fight against severe resistant infections. We take a long-standing interest in the work carried out by the Vetophage teams  and we are delighted to collaborate with such a recognized player in the veterinary field to build bridges between phage therapy in animal health and for humans  the OneHealth approach being at the heart of today's healthcare strategies»  said Thibaut Du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHAXIAM Therapeutics. « This partnership reinforces our phage expertise and strengthens our competitive position in this field  enabling us to rapidly expand our phage portfolio for our most strategic programs. It also enables us to rapidly penetrate the technological field of endolysins  which are highly complementary to phages in our clinical applications. »Mai-Huong Chatain  President of Vetophage  adds: « This new long-term agreement confirms the relevanceof our strategy and the value of our bacteriophage expertise. The potential synergies between the infrastructure developed by PHAXIAM Therapeutics and our own technological platform are significant and will enable us to capitalize on our common knowledge of phage therapy to develop innovative treatments as quickly as possible  and thus fight antimicrobial-resistant infections in humans and animals. »Florence Agostino-Etchetto  Chief Executive Officer of Lyonbiopôle  concludes: « I'm particularly proud of this collaboration between two Lyon-based biotech companies  both members of the Lyonbiopôle cluster and pioneers in their respective fields. This partnership  structured around the fight against antimicrobial resistance  a critical public health issue recognized worldwide  is an illustration of the dynamism and advanced level of maturity of our regional ecosystem around infectious diseases  in which our members are particularly involved. I am convinced that this partnership will contribute to the development of the French phage therapy industry  now recognized as a strategic and sovereign technology at the European level. »About VetophageVetophage is an innovative company dedicated to the research and development of innovative solutions in the field of veterinary biotechnology. Founded in 2017  located in Saint-Priest (Lyon region) and with a team of 10 highly specialized employees  Vetophage leverages strong skills on the use of phages and phage-derived proteins to fight bacterial diseases in animals. Its technological platform is used to develop therapeutic and detection tools for animal health.For further information  visit www.vetophage.frAbout PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the United States (ticker: PHXM) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euVetophageChristophe ChatainCommunicationChristophe.chatain@vetophage.frAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Strategic Research Collaboration', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'Vetophage', 'October', '04', '06', 'two Lyon-based biotech companies', 'critical public health issue', 'French phage therapy industry', 'long-term strategic research partnership', 'Thibaut Du Fayet', 'Chief Executive Officer', '10 highly specialized employees', 'natural bacterial-killing viruses', 'many serious infections', 'endolysin licensing options', 'exclusive licensing options', 'severe resistant infections', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'Lyonbiopôle cluster', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'Lyon-based biotechnology company', 'new long-term agreement', 'innovative technological platform', ""PHAXIAM Therapeutics' development"", 'Exclusive phage', 'antimicrobial-resistant infections', 'endolysin bank', 'bacterial diseases', 'Strategic ResearchCollaboration', 'strategic partnership', 'strategic programs', 'veterinary biotechnology', 'human health', 'animal health', 'new tools', 'broad phage', 'innovative treatments', 'innovative solutions', 'innovative approach', 'veterinary phag', 'phage-derived proteins', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'pathogenic bacteria', 'alternative solutions', 'wide range', 'future research', 'industrial collaborations', 'significant milestone', 'standing interest', 'OneHealth approach', 'healthcare strategies', 'competitive position', 'clinical applications', 'Mai-Huong Chatain', 'common knowledge', 'Florence Agostino-Etchetto', 'respective fields', 'advanced level', 'regional ecosystem', 'infectious diseases', 'sovereign technology', 'European level', 'strong skills', 'detection tools', 'dangerous bacteria', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'Escherichia coli', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'phage portfolio', 'innovative company', 'development program', 'technological field', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'product portfolio', 'phage expertise', 'veterinary field', 'potential synergies', 'Lyon region', 'new phages', 'Vetophage platform', 'phage endolysins', 'Vetophage teams', 'France', 'Cambridge', '10:05pm', 'CEST', 'Euronext', 'PHXM', 'signature', 'fight', 'antibiotics', 'animals', 'capabilities', 'discovery', 'identification', 'characterization', 'work', 'recognized', 'player', 'bridges', 'humans', 'heart', 'today', 'President', 'relevanceof', 'strategy', 'value', 'infrastructure', 'members', 'pioneers', 'illustration', 'dynamism', 'maturity', 'Saint-Priest', 'information', 'two-thirds']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2754162/0/en/PHAXIAM-Therapeutics-and-Vetophage-Announce-Strategic-Research-Collaboration.html,PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage Announce Strategic Research Collaboration,PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage Announce Strategic Research Collaboration  Strategic research partnership between PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage ...,PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage AnnounceStrategic Research CollaborationStrategic research partnership between PHAXIAM Therapeutics and Vetophage  a biotechnology company specializ ed in veterinary phag e therapyCombining expertise in the research of new phages and phage endolysins that c ould be applied to human healthExclusive phage and endolysin licensing options in human health for PHAXIAM TherapeuticsLyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  October 03  2023 – 10:05 pm CEST – PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Nasdaq & Euronext: PHXM) and Vetophage  a company specialized in phage therapy applied to animal health  announce the signature of a long-term strategic research partnership to combine their expertise in the research of new phages and phage-derived proteins (endolysins) in the fight against antimicrobial resistance.Vetophage is a Lyon-based biotechnology company founded in 2017. It develops new tools to detect pathogenic bacteria and alternative solutions to antibiotics based on phages and endolysins to tackle antimicrobial resistance in animals.Through its innovative technological platform  Vetophage benefits from a wide range of capabilities for the discovery  identification and characterization of phages and endolysins. The company enables PHAXIAM Therapeutics to screen its broad phage and endolysin bank targeting highly antimicrobial-resistant infections.This agreement gives PHAXIAM Therapeutics exclusive licensing options on specified phages and endolysins in human health from the Vetophage platform  to further strengthen its product portfolio. This strategic partnership initiates the potential for future research and industrial collaborations that will capitalize on PHAXIAM's expertise  while strengthening its development program dedicated to the fight against antimicrobial resistance.« The agreement with Vetophage is a significant milestone for PHAXIAM Therapeutics' development in the fight against severe resistant infections. We take a long-standing interest in the work carried out by the Vetophage teams  and we are delighted to collaborate with such a recognized player in the veterinary field to build bridges between phage therapy in animal health and for humans  the OneHealth approach being at the heart of today's healthcare strategies »  said Thibaut Du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHAXIAM Therapeutics. « This partnership reinforces our phage expertise and strengthens our competitive position in this field  enabling us to rapidly expand our phage portfolio for our most strategic programs. It also enables us to rapidly penetrate the technological field of endolysins  which are highly complementary to phages in our clinical applications. »Mai-Huong Chatain  President of Vetophage  adds: « This new long-term agreement confirms the relevance of our strategy and the value of our bacteriophage expertise. The potential synergies between the infrastructure developed by PHAXIAM Therapeutics and our own technological platform are significant and will enable us to capitalize on our common knowledge of phage therapy to develop innovative treatments as quickly as possible  and thus fight antimicrobial-resistant infections in humans and animals. »Florence Agostino-Etchetto  Chief Executive Officer of Lyonbiopôle  concludes: « I'm particularly proud of this collaboration between two Lyon-based biotech companies  both members of the Lyonbiopôle cluster and pioneers in their respective fields. This partnership  structured around the fight against antimicrobial resistance  a critical public health issue recognized worldwide  is an illustration of the dynamism and advanced level of maturity of our regional ecosystem around infectious diseases  in which our members are particularly involved. I am convinced that this partnership will contribute to the development of the French phage therapy industry  now recognized as a strategic and sovereign technology at the European level. »About VetophageVetophage is an innovative company dedicated to the research and development of innovative solutions in the field of veterinary biotechnology. Founded in 2017  located in Saint-Priest (Lyon region) and with a team of 10 highly specialized employees  Vetophage leverages strong skills on the use of phages and phage-derived proteins to fight bacterial diseases in animals. Its technological platform is used to develop therapeutic and detection tools for animal health.For further information  visit www.vetophage.frAbout PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the United States (ticker: PHXM) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euVetophageChristophe ChatainCommunicationChristophe.chatain@vetophage.frAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.34,0.14,True,English,"['Strategic Research Collaboration', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'Vetophage', 'two Lyon-based biotech companies', 'critical public health issue', 'French phage therapy industry', 'long-term strategic research partnership', 'Thibaut Du Fayet', 'Chief Executive Officer', '10 highly specialized employees', 'natural bacterial-killing viruses', 'many serious infections', 'endolysin licensing options', 'exclusive licensing options', 'severe resistant infections', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'Lyonbiopôle cluster', 'Nasdaq Capital M', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'Lyon-based biotechnology company', 'new long-term agreement', 'innovative technological platform', 'Strategic Research Collaboration', ""PHAXIAM Therapeutics' development"", 'Exclusive phage', 'antimicrobial-resistant infections', 'endolysin bank', 'strategic partnership', 'strategic programs', 'bacterial diseases', 'veterinary biotechnology', 'human health', 'animal health', 'new tools', 'broad phage', 'innovative treatments', 'innovative solutions', 'innovative approach', 'future research', 'veterinary phag', 'phage-derived proteins', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'pathogenic bacteria', 'alternative solutions', 'wide range', 'industrial collaborations', 'significant milestone', 'standing interest', 'OneHealth approach', 'healthcare strategies', 'competitive position', 'clinical applications', 'Mai-Huong Chatain', 'common knowledge', 'Florence Agostino-Etchetto', 'respective fields', 'advanced level', 'regional ecosystem', 'infectious diseases', 'sovereign technology', 'European level', 'strong skills', 'detection tools', 'dangerous bacteria', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'Escherichia coli', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'phage portfolio', 'innovative company', 'development program', 'technological field', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'product portfolio', 'phage expertise', 'veterinary field', 'potential synergies', 'Lyon region', 'new phages', 'Vetophage platform', 'phage endolysins', 'Vetophage teams', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'CEST', 'Euronext', 'PHXM', 'signature', 'fight', 'antibiotics', 'animals', 'capabilities', 'discovery', 'identification', 'characterization', 'work', 'recognized', 'player', 'bridges', 'humans', 'heart', 'today', 'President', 'relevance', 'strategy', 'value', 'infrastructure', 'members', 'pioneers', 'illustration', 'dynamism', 'maturity', 'Saint-Priest', 'information', 'two-thirds', '10:05']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753267/0/en/Press-Release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Disclosure-of-transparency-notification.html,Press Release Biocartis Group NV: Disclosure of transparency notification,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION                                                                           3 October 2023  7:00 CEST  Disclosure of......,"PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION3 October 2023  7:00 CESTDisclosure of transparency notificationMechelen  Belgium  3 October 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces today  in accordance with Article 14  paragraph 1 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and laying down miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that on 28 September 2023 it received a transparency notification indicating that on 15 September 2023 Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (organized as a New Jersey corporation) (“Old JJDC”) has merged with and into a newly-formed Delaware corporation (which has the same name as Old JJDC  such name being ""Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc."") (“New JJDC”)  with such Delaware corporation being the surviving entity under the merger. As a result of the aforementioned merger  Old JJDC’s equity interests in Biocartis Group NV have been transferred to New JJDC by operation of law.The notification contains the following information:Reason for the n otification : Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights.: Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights. Notification by : A parent undertaking or a controlling person.: A parent undertaking or a controlling person. Person s subject to the notification requirement : Johnson & Johnson  One Johnson & Johnson Plaza  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08933  and Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware)  410 George Street  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08901.: Johnson & Johnson  One Johnson & Johnson Plaza  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08933  and Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware)  410 George Street  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08901. Transaction date : 15 September 2023.: 15 September 2023. Threshold that is crossed : 3%.: 3%. Denominator : 93 915 910.: 93 915 910. Notified details : Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) holds 3 843 804 shares in Biocartis Group NV. Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (New Jersey) (no longer in existence) no longer holds any shares in Biocartis Group NV.: Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) holds 3 843 804 shares in Biocartis Group NV. Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (New Jersey) (no longer in existence) no longer holds any shares in Biocartis Group NV. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively being held : Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ). Johnson & Johnson is not a controlled entity.: Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ). Johnson & Johnson is not a controlled entity. Additional information: On 12 November 2021  Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ)  the parent company of (former entity) Old JJDC  announced its intent to separate and spin off its consumer health business into a new publicly traded company  Kenvue Inc.  which completed its initial public offering on 8 May 2023. In connection with this separation  Old JJDC has merged with and into New JJDC. As a result of the aforementioned merger  Old JJDC’s equity interests in Biocartis Group NV have been transferred to New JJDC by operation of law. The aforementioned merger has taken place on 15 September 2023.For further information  reference is made to the notification which are available here on the Biocartis website.Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (‘FSMA’) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights in the Company held by such persons reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.--- END ---More information:Investor Relations Biocartise-mail ir@biocartis.comAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ Platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ Platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for sepsis. More information: www.biocartis.com. Follow us on Twitter: @Biocartis_.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press Release', 'transparency notification', 'Disclosure', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'consumer health business', 'initial public offering', 'fastest growing segment', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'proprietary Idylla™ Platform', 'The Idylla™ Platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'New Jersey corporation', 'Belgian Act', 'molecular testing', 'regulated market', 'Full chain', 'Biocartis website', 'New Brunswick', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'major shareholdings', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'surviving entity', 'equity interests', 'following information', 'voting securities', 'voting rights', 'parent undertaking', 'George Street', 'Transaction date', 'Notified details', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'Additional information', 'former entity', 'Markets Authority', 'total number', 'More information', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'transparency notification', 'controlling person', 'Delaware corporation', 'New JJDC', 'Old JJDC', 'same name', 'parent company', 'legal persons', 'universal access', 'notification requirement', 'One Johnson', 'Johnson Plaza', 'Kenvue Inc.', 'Johnson Innovation', 'October', '7:00 CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'accordance', 'Article', 'paragraph', '2 May', 'issuers', 'shares', '28 September', '15 September', 'merger', 'result', 'operation', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'USA', 'Threshold', 'Denominator', 'existence', 'subsidiary', 'NYSE', 'JNJ', '12 November', 'intent', '8 May', 'connection', 'separation', 'place', 'reference', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'case', 'percentage', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'lab', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VANTIVA-6411898/news/Vantiva-Announces-it-has-entered-into-an-agreement-with-CommScope-to-acquire-CommScope-s-Home-Networ-44969905/,Vantiva Announces it has entered into an agreement with CommScope to acquire CommScope's Home Networks in exchange for a 25% stake in Vantiva SA.  a key milestone in its strategic roadmap,(marketscreener.com) Press Release     Vantiva Announces it has entered into an agreement with CommScope to acquire CommScope’s Home Networks in exchange for a 25% stake in Vantiva SA  a key milestone in its strategic roadmap Paris   October 3rd  2023 – Vanti…,"Press ReleaseVantiva Announces it has entered into an agreement with CommScope to acquire CommScope’s Home Networks in exchange for a 25% stake in Vantiva SA  a key milestone in its strategic roadmapParis (France)  October 3rd  2023 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  formerly known as Technicolor  a global technology leader designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions connecting consumers around the world  today announced that it has entered into a call option agreement with CommScope  a US company (NASDAQ : COMM)  to acquire CommScope’s Home Networks division (Home Networks)  a provider of devices that supply residential connectivity and video set top box solutions. The planned acquisition of CommScope Home Networks represents a transformational transaction for Vantiva  as it would significantly increase Vantiva’s Connected Home capabilities. In the last twelve months ending June 2023  CommScope Home Networks and Vantiva’s Connected Home generated $[1.5]bn and €[2.0]bn in sales  respectively.“This planned strategic acquisition represents a unique transformative opportunity for Vantiva ” said Luis Martinez-Amago  CEO of Vantiva. “It will enable us to reinforce Vantiva’s Connected Home operations  accelerate our innovation roadmap and expand into new markets through additional commercial partnerships. From a financial perspective  the acquisition of Home Networks will substantially increase the scale of our business while also generating synergies  which will significantly strengthen our free cash flow generation potential. This will result in a value-enhancing transaction benefiting all stakeholders  including end-consumers  customers  employees  shareholders and lenders. Subject to various approvals  we will be thrilled to welcome CommScope as a shareholder in Vantiva and our new colleagues joining us from CommScope Home Networks.”Following the acquisition  Vantiva would significantly expand its portfolio of clients  increase its footprint to key geographies  and enhance its capabilities for innovation as a result of the combination of best practices from both businesses  ultimately benefitting customers and strengthening Vantiva’s existing diversification strategy.Vantiva would fully integrate Home Networks into its Connected Home division  improving operational efficiency through increased scale. As a result  the transaction is currently expected to generate in excess of €[100]m in pre-tax cash synergies on a run-rate basis (estimated to be reached in fiscal year 2026)  primarily driven by cost optimization initiatives and operational efficiencies. Cash impact from net synergies is expected positive from 2025 on. This synergy potential would significantly improve Vantiva’s cash generation  ultimately driving value creation for all stakeholders.Under the terms of the transaction  CommScope would receive:A stake in Vantiva at closing  representing a 25% stake on a fully diluted basis  through a share capital increase reserved to CommScope as consideration for the Home Networks business being transferred to Vantiva;A maximum cumulative earnout of $100m in cash contingent upon Vantiva (at constant scope) achieving an EBITDA equal or exceeding €400m in a given fiscal year over the 5 years following the first full year after closing. Maximum payment in a year would be $50m.As a result of the transaction  CommScope would therefore become a welcomed key reference shareholder in Vantiva. CommScope would also have one representative join Vantiva’s Board of Directors  highlighting its commitment to and support for Vantiva’s strategy and the value creation potential associated with the transaction. In addition  CommScope would commit to an 18-month lock-up period with regards to the Vantiva shares received as part of the transaction.“We are excited about the strategic opportunity to sell our Home Network business to Vantiva and become a key reference shareholder in Vantiva ” said Chuck Treadway  CEO of CommScope. “The combination of the two entities will create value for customers and other stakeholders and we look forward to supporting Luis and the rest of the Vantiva team in the execution of the combination and the potential value creation.”Under the terms of the agreement  the acquisition is subject to Vantiva’s exercise of the call option following information and consultation processes with relevant employee representative bodies  which will be initiated as soon as possible.Subject to the exercise of the call option  the capital increase reserved to CommScope will be submitted to the approval of the shareholders of Vantiva. RSM  acting as independent expert  has been appointed by Vantiva with the agreement of the Board of Directors to issue an opinion on the fairness of the financial terms of the transaction. The conclusion of the report of the independent expert mandated by Vantiva will be included in the information sent to shareholders prior to the holding of the shareholders’ meeting. When approved by the AMF  a prospectus describing the transaction will be made available to shareholders.The transaction  which would be expected to be completed late Q4 2023  would also be subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.The transaction has been approved by the board  in which main shareholders (Angelo Gordon  Bain Capital and Bpifrance) are represented  and supported by Briarwood the largest shareholder not part of the Board.Advisorsd’Angelin & Co. is acting as financial advisor to Vantiva. Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner is acting as legal advisor to Vantiva. Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath is acting as legal antitrust advisor to Vantiva.Conference CallAn audio webcast conference will be hosted by Vantiva on October 3rd at 10am CEST.Dial-in details: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/gbmdaykq/Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Vantiva’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 26  2023  under number D-23-0337.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Press Relations Image 7 for Vantiva – Europepress.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.frVantiva Investor Relations Thatcher+Co. for Vantiva – Americasinvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva@thatcherandco.comAttachment",neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Home Networks', 'key milestone', 'strategic roadmap', 'Vantiva SA.', 'agreement', 'CommScope', 'exchange', '25% stake', 'video set top box solutions', 'free cash flow generation potential', 'relevant employee representative bodies', 'global technology leader', 'last twelve months', 'additional commercial partnerships', 'cost optimization initiatives', '18-month lock-up period', 'unique transformative opportunity', 'maximum cumulative earnout', 'Connected Home operations', 'Connected Home division', 'Home Networks division', 'value creation potential', 'potential value creation', 'existing diversification strategy', 'share capital increase', 'first full year', 'Home Network business', 'key reference shareholder', 'pre-tax cash synergies', 'Home Networks business', 'Connected Home capabilities', 'CommScope Home Networks', 'call option agreement', 'cash generation', 'synergy potential', 'one representative', 'Cash impact', 'key milestone', 'key geographies', 'Maximum payment', 'strategic opportunity', 'Press Release', 'strategic roadmap', 'innovative products', 'US company', 'residential connectivity', 'new markets', 'financial perspective', 'various approvals', 'new colleagues', 'best practices', 'operational efficiency', 'run-rate basis', 'fiscal year', 'operational efficiencies', 'net synergies', 'diluted basis', 'constant scope', 'Chuck Treadway', 'two entities', 'consultation processes', 'independent expert', 'Euronext Paris', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'innovation roadmap', 'planned acquisition', 'strategic acquisition', 'other stakeholders', 'financial terms', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'transformational transaction', 'value-enhancing transaction', 'Vantiva SA', 'Vantiva shares', 'Vantiva team', 'exchange', '25% stake', 'France', 'Technicolor', 'consumers', 'world', 'NASDAQ', 'provider', 'devices', 'June', 'sales', 'CEO', 'scale', 'customers', 'employees', 'lenders', 'portfolio', 'clients', 'footprint', 'result', 'combination', 'businesses', 'increased', 'excess', 'consideration', 'EBITDA', 'equal', '5 years', 'Board', 'Directors', 'commitment', 'support', 'regards', 'rest', 'execution', 'exercise', 'information', 'RSM', 'opinion', 'fairness', 'conclusion', 'report', 'holding', 'AMF', 'prospectus']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-updates-on-QM-1114-regulatory-process-44974548/,Ipsen updates on QM-1114 regulatory process,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  FRANCE  3 October 2023 – Ipsen announced today that its partner Galderma has confirmed receipt from the FDA of a Complete Response Letter related to its Biologics License Application for liquid botulinum toxin type A   noting certa…,PARIS  FRANCE  3 October 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that its partner Galderma has confirmed receipt from the FDA of a Complete Response Letter related to its Biologics License Application for liquid botulinum toxin type A (QM-1114)  noting certain deficiencies related to chemical  manufacturing and controls (CMC) processes.Furthermore  on 28 September 2023  the Arbitral Tribunal of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) issued a final decision on arbitration proceedings that Galderma initiated against Ipsen. This dispute was initiated in July 2021 following a difference of opinion on the regulatory submission strategy for QM-1114 related to the potency-assay testing method used in the release of commercial batches of QM-1114 in the United States  Canada and Australia.The result of this arbitration is that any regulatory applications for QM-1114 in the partnership territories submitted by Galderma shall be assigned to Ipsen as the owner of the intellectual property and marketing authorization of QM-1114. Galderma remains responsible for development  regulatory filing strategy  manufacturing and commercialization. As such  the Tribunal declared that Galderma has the right to decide on QM-1114’s regulatory strategy.On 27 July 2023  Ipsen confirmed that it had notified Galderma of its decision to terminate the Parties’ joint R&D collaboration entered into in July 2014 related to the parties’ respective neurotoxin programs  including the development of IPN10200 (longer-acting neurotoxin).ENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 300 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comAbout DysportDysport®  Ipsen’s botulinum toxin type A  is a neuromuscular blocking toxin which acts to block acetylcholine release at motor nerve ends and reduces muscular spasm. It was initially developed for the treatment of movement disorders such as cervical dystonia  blepharospasm  hemifacial spasms and spasticity affecting the upper and/or lower limbs in adults and children aged 2 years or older. Dysport® has marketing authorizations in more than 90 countries worldwide. The product is currently referred to as Dysport® for medical and aesthetic markets  and as Azzalure® in aesthetic indications in the E.U.Alluzience®  Ipsen’s botulinum toxin type A is a neuromuscular blocking toxin in liquid formulation  indicated for the temporary improvement in the appearance of moderate to severe glabellar lines (vertical lines between the eyebrows) seen at maximum frown in adult patients under 65 years  when the severity of these lines has an important psychological impact on the patient.About QM-1114 (relabotulinumtoxinA)QM-1114  is an investigational liquid formulation botulinum toxin A (supported by READY-1 / READY-2 / READY-3 / READY-4 Phase III trials sponsored by Galderma)  seeking registration for the improvement of both glabellar and lateral canthal lines in adult patients.For further information:ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy& Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['QM-1114 regulatory process', 'Ipsen updates', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'investigational liquid formulation botulinum toxin A', 'Parties’ joint R&D collaboration', 'READY-4 Phase III trials', 'Craig Marks Vice President', 'liquid botulinum toxin type', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'neuromuscular blocking toxin', 'Complete Response Letter', 'Biologics License Application', 'potency-assay testing method', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'important psychological impact', 'respective neurotoxin programs', 'Corporate Brand Strategy', 'potential future acquisitions', 'lateral canthal lines', 'motor nerve ends', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'regulatory submission strategy', 'regulatory filing strategy', 'Global Media Relations', 'severe glabellar lines', 'regulatory strategy', 'longer-acting neurotoxin', 'external-innovation strategy', 'management strategy', 'regulatory applications', 'regulatory filings', 'Investor Relations', 'future ability', 'vertical lines', 'CMC) processes', 'International Chamber', 'commercial batches', 'United States', 'partnership territories', 'intellectual property', 'marketing authorization', 'Rare Disease', 'total sales', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'muscular spasm', 'movement disorders', 'cervical dystonia', 'hemifacial spasms', 'lower limbs', 'aesthetic markets', 'aesthetic indications', 'E.U.', 'moderate to', 'maximum frown', 'adult patients', 'Nicolas Bogler', 'Senior Manager', 'Amy Wolf', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'looking statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'Arbitral Tribunal', 'final decision', 'arbitration proceedings', 'transformative medicines', 'temporary improvement', 'unknown risks', 'development efforts', 'external-growth assumptions', 'financial targets', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '3 October', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Galderma', 'FDA', 'QM', 'deficiencies', 'manufacturing', 'controls', '28 September', 'Commerce', 'ICC', 'dispute', 'July', 'difference', 'opinion', 'release', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'owner', 'commercialization', 'right', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'FY', '100 countries', 'research', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', '5,300 colleagues', 'information', 'Dysport', 'treatment', 'spasticity', 'upper', 'adults', 'children', '90 countries', 'product', 'medical', 'Azzalure', 'Alluzience®', 'appearance', 'eyebrows', '65 years', 'severity', 'READY-1', 'READY-2', 'READY-3', 'registration', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'VP', 'Head', 'Communications', 'forward', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'data', 'facts']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753307/0/en/Vantiva-Announces-it-has-entered-into-an-agreement-with-CommScope-to-acquire-CommScope-s-Home-Networks-in-exchange-for-a-25-stake-in-Vantiva-SA-a-key-milestone-in-its-strategic-roa.html,Vantiva Announces it has entered into an agreement with CommScope to acquire CommScope’s Home Networks in exchange for a 25% stake in Vantiva SA.  a key milestone in its strategic roadmap,Press Release      Vantiva Announces it has entered into an agreement with CommScope to acquire CommScope’s Home Networks in exchange for a 25% stake...,"Press ReleaseVantiva Announces it has entered into an agreement with CommScope to acquire CommScope’s Home Networks in exchange for a 25% stake in Vantiva SA  a key milestone in its strategic roadmapParis (France)  October 3rd  2023 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  formerly known as Technicolor  a global technology leader designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions connecting consumers around the world  today announced that it has entered into a call option agreement with CommScope  a US company (NASDAQ : COMM)  to acquire CommScope’s Home Networks division (Home Networks)  a provider of devices that supply residential connectivity and video set top box solutions. The planned acquisition of CommScope Home Networks represents a transformational transaction for Vantiva  as it would significantly increase Vantiva’s Connected Home capabilities. In the last twelve months ending June 2023  CommScope Home Networks and Vantiva’s Connected Home generated $[1.5]bn and €[2.0]bn in sales  respectively.“This planned strategic acquisition represents a unique transformative opportunity for Vantiva ” said Luis Martinez-Amago  CEO of Vantiva. “It will enable us to reinforce Vantiva’s Connected Home operations  accelerate our innovation roadmap and expand into new markets through additional commercial partnerships. From a financial perspective  the acquisition of Home Networks will substantially increase the scale of our business while also generating synergies  which will significantly strengthen our free cash flow generation potential. This will result in a value-enhancing transaction benefiting all stakeholders  including end-consumers  customers  employees  shareholders and lenders. Subject to various approvals  we will be thrilled to welcome CommScope as a shareholder in Vantiva and our new colleagues joining us from CommScope Home Networks.”Following the acquisition  Vantiva would significantly expand its portfolio of clients  increase its footprint to key geographies  and enhance its capabilities for innovation as a result of the combination of best practices from both businesses  ultimately benefitting customers and strengthening Vantiva’s existing diversification strategy.Vantiva would fully integrate Home Networks into its Connected Home division  improving operational efficiency through increased scale. As a result  the transaction is currently expected to generate in excess of €[100]m in pre-tax cash synergies on a run-rate basis (estimated to be reached in fiscal year 2026)  primarily driven by cost optimization initiatives and operational efficiencies. Cash impact from net synergies is expected positive from 2025 on. This synergy potential would significantly improve Vantiva’s cash generation  ultimately driving value creation for all stakeholders.Under the terms of the transaction  CommScope would receive:A stake in Vantiva at closing  representing a 25% stake on a fully diluted basis  through a share capital increase reserved to CommScope as consideration for the Home Networks business being transferred to Vantiva;A maximum cumulative earnout of $100m in cash contingent upon Vantiva (at constant scope) achieving an EBITDA equal or exceeding €400m in a given fiscal year over the 5 years following the first full year after closing. Maximum payment in a year would be $50m.As a result of the transaction  CommScope would therefore become a welcomed key reference shareholder in Vantiva. CommScope would also have one representative join Vantiva’s Board of Directors  highlighting its commitment to and support for Vantiva’s strategy and the value creation potential associated with the transaction. In addition  CommScope would commit to an 18-month lock-up period with regards to the Vantiva shares received as part of the transaction.“We are excited about the strategic opportunity to sell our Home Network business to Vantiva and become a key reference shareholder in Vantiva ” said Chuck Treadway  CEO of CommScope. “The combination of the two entities will create value for customers and other stakeholders and we look forward to supporting Luis and the rest of the Vantiva team in the execution of the combination and the potential value creation.”Under the terms of the agreement  the acquisition is subject to Vantiva’s exercise of the call option following information and consultation processes with relevant employee representative bodies  which will be initiated as soon as possible.Subject to the exercise of the call option  the capital increase reserved to CommScope will be submitted to the approval of the shareholders of Vantiva. RSM  acting as independent expert  has been appointed by Vantiva with the agreement of the Board of Directors to issue an opinion on the fairness of the financial terms of the transaction. The conclusion of the report of the independent expert mandated by Vantiva will be included in the information sent to shareholders prior to the holding of the shareholders’ meeting. When approved by the AMF  a prospectus describing the transaction will be made available to shareholders.The transaction  which would be expected to be completed late Q4 2023  would also be subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.The transaction has been approved by the board  in which main shareholders (Angelo Gordon  Bain Capital and Bpifrance) are represented  and supported by Briarwood the largest shareholder not part of the Board.Advisorsd’Angelin & Co. is acting as financial advisor to Vantiva. Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner is acting as legal advisor to Vantiva. Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath is acting as legal antitrust advisor to Vantiva.Conference CallAn audio webcast conference will be hosted by Vantiva on October 3rd at 10am CEST.Dial-in details: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/gbmdaykq/Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Vantiva’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 26  2023  under number D-23-0337.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Press Relations Image 7 for Vantiva – Europepress.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.frVantiva Investor Relations Thatcher+Co. for Vantiva – Americasinvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva@thatcherandco.comAttachment",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Home Networks', 'key milestone', 'strategic roadmap', 'Vantiva SA.', 'agreement', 'CommScope', 'exchange', '25% stake', 'video set top box solutions', 'free cash flow generation potential', 'relevant employee representative bodies', 'global technology leader', 'last twelve months', 'additional commercial partnerships', 'cost optimization initiatives', '18-month lock-up period', 'unique transformative opportunity', 'maximum cumulative earnout', 'Connected Home operations', 'Connected Home division', 'Home Networks division', 'value creation potential', 'potential value creation', 'existing diversification strategy', 'share capital increase', 'first full year', 'Home Network business', 'key reference shareholder', 'pre-tax cash synergies', 'Home Networks business', 'Connected Home capabilities', 'CommScope Home Networks', 'call option agreement', 'cash generation', 'synergy potential', 'one representative', 'Cash impact', 'key milestone', 'key geographies', 'Maximum payment', 'strategic opportunity', 'Press Release', 'strategic roadmap', 'innovative products', 'US company', 'residential connectivity', 'new markets', 'financial perspective', 'various approvals', 'new colleagues', 'best practices', 'operational efficiency', 'run-rate basis', 'fiscal year', 'operational efficiencies', 'net synergies', 'diluted basis', 'constant scope', 'Chuck Treadway', 'two entities', 'consultation processes', 'independent expert', 'Euronext Paris', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'innovation roadmap', 'planned acquisition', 'strategic acquisition', 'other stakeholders', 'financial terms', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'transformational transaction', 'value-enhancing transaction', 'Vantiva SA', 'Vantiva shares', 'Vantiva team', 'exchange', '25% stake', 'France', 'Technicolor', 'consumers', 'world', 'NASDAQ', 'provider', 'devices', 'June', 'sales', 'CEO', 'scale', 'customers', 'employees', 'lenders', 'portfolio', 'clients', 'footprint', 'result', 'combination', 'businesses', 'increased', 'excess', 'consideration', 'EBITDA', 'equal', '5 years', 'Board', 'Directors', 'commitment', 'support', 'regards', 'rest', 'execution', 'exercise', 'information', 'RSM', 'opinion', 'fairness', 'conclusion', 'report', 'holding', 'AMF', 'prospectus']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-Release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Disclosure-of-transparency-notification-44969023/,Press Release Biocartis Group NV: Disclosure of transparency notification -October 03  2023 at 01:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-Release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Disclosure-of-transparency-notification-44969023/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20231003,"PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION3 October 2023  7:00 CESTDisclosure of transparency notificationMechelen  Belgium 3 October2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces today  in accordance with Article 14  paragraph 1 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and laying down miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that on 28 September 2023 it received a transparency notification indicating that on 15 September 2023 Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (organized as a New Jersey corporation) (“Old JJDC”) has merged with and into a newly-formed Delaware corporation (which has the same name as Old JJDC  such name being ""Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc."") (“New JJDC”)  with such Delaware corporation being the surviving entity under the merger. As a result of the aforementioned merger  Old JJDC’s equity interests in Biocartis Group NV have been transferred to New JJDC by operation of law.The notification contains the following information:Reason for the n otification : Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights.: Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights. Notification by : A parent undertaking or a controlling person.: A parent undertaking or a controlling person. Person s subject to the notification requirement : Johnson & Johnson  One Johnson & Johnson Plaza  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08933  and Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware)  410 George Street  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08901.: Johnson & Johnson  One Johnson & Johnson Plaza  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08933  and Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware)  410 George Street  New Brunswick  New Jersey  USA 08901. Transaction date : 15 September 2023.: 15 September 2023. Threshold that is crossed : 3%.: 3%. Denominator : 93 915 910.: 93 915 910. Notified details : Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) holds 3 843 804 shares in Biocartis Group NV. Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (New Jersey) (no longer in existence) no longer holds any shares in Biocartis Group NV.: Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) holds 3 843 804 shares in Biocartis Group NV. Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (New Jersey) (no longer in existence) no longer holds any shares in Biocartis Group NV. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively being held : Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ). Johnson & Johnson is not a controlled entity.: Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (Delaware) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ). Johnson & Johnson is not a controlled entity. Additional information: On 12 November 2021  Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ)  the parent company of (former entity) Old JJDC  announced its intent to separate and spin off its consumer health business into a new publicly traded company  Kenvue Inc.  which completed its initial public offering on 8 May 2023. In connection with this separation  Old JJDC has merged with and into New JJDC. As a result of the aforementioned merger  Old JJDC’s equity interests in Biocartis Group NV have been transferred to New JJDC by operation of law. The aforementioned merger has taken place on 15 September 2023.For further information  reference is made to the notification which are available here on the Biocartis website.Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (‘FSMA’) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights in the Company held by such persons reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.--- END ---More information:Investor Relations Biocartise-mail ir@biocartis.comAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ Platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ Platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for sepsis. More information: www.biocartis.com. Follow us on Twitter: @Biocartis_.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press Release', 'transparency notification', 'Disclosure', 'October', '01', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'consumer health business', 'initial public offering', 'fastest growing segment', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'proprietary Idylla™ Platform', 'The Idylla™ Platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'New Jersey corporation', 'Belgian Act', 'molecular testing', 'regulated market', 'Full chain', 'Biocartis website', 'New Brunswick', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'major shareholdings', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'surviving entity', 'equity interests', 'voting securities', 'voting rights', 'parent undertaking', 'George Street', 'Transaction date', 'Notified details', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'former entity', 'Markets Authority', 'total number', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'transparency notification', 'following information', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'controlling person', 'Delaware corporation', 'New JJDC', 'Old JJDC', 'same name', 'parent company', 'legal persons', 'universal access', 'notification requirement', 'One Johnson', 'Johnson Plaza', 'Kenvue Inc.', 'Johnson Innovation', 'October', '7:00 CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'accordance', 'Article', 'paragraph', '2 May', 'issuers', 'shares', '28 September', '15 September', 'merger', 'result', 'operation', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'USA', 'Threshold', 'Denominator', 'existence', 'subsidiary', 'NYSE', 'JNJ', '12 November', 'intent', '8 May', 'connection', 'separation', 'place', 'reference', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'case', 'percentage', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'lab', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'seps']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-CO-OPTATION-OF-NEW-DIRECTORS-44974922/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe : CO-OPTATION OF NEW DIRECTORS -October 03  2023 at 12:50 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  CO-OPTATION OF NEW DIRECTORSLyon  October 3  2023.The Board of Directors  during its meeting held on 6 September  acknowledged the resignations of Annie Famose  Héloïse Deliquiet  Sidonie Mérieux  Pauline Boyer-Martin and Annie Bouvi…,"CO-OPTATION OF NEW DIRECTORSLyon  October 3  2023.The Board of Directors  during its meeting held on 6 September  acknowledged the resignations of Annie Famose  Héloïse Deliquiet  Sidonie Mérieux  Pauline Boyer-Martin and Annie Bouvier  as well as Durcesio Mello  and the Board of Directors held on 28 September 2023  has also acknowledged the resignations of Ron Friedman and Alexander Bafer.These resignations occur in the context of a recomposition of the Board of Directors and reduction of the total number of its members following the tender offer initiated by Eagle Football Holding Bidco Limited and closed on 2 August 2023.The Company would like to thank these directors for their involvement and work  some of them during several years  for the benefit of the Olympique Lyonnais group.As mentioned in the press release dated 7 September 2023  the Board of Directors co-opted Michele Kang on 6 September 2023. The Board of Directors continued the co-optations during its meeting held on 28 September 2023 through the co-optation of Bethel Gottlieb and Deborah Andrews  independent directors  to replace Héloïse Deliquiet and Pauline Boyer-Martin respectively  for the remainder of their predecessor's term of office (i.e. until the General Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the year ending 30 June 2028 and 30 June 2026 respectively). These co-optations will be submitted to shareholders for ratification at the next General Meeting.The other resigning directors have not been replaced.As a result  the Board of Directors acknowledged during its meeting held on 3 October 2023 that it comprises 12 directors  including:• 5 women  representing 42% of the directors; and• 5 independent directors  representing 42% of the directors[1].The Board has ensured that such composition provides it with all the skills it needs to operate properly and to carry out its mission of defining the strategy of OL Groupe and overseeing its implementation.XXXAbout Bethel GottliebMs. Gottlieb is an active investor  director and advisor  focused on both corporate and philanthropic activities. Her professional career included senior merchandising management positions  for firms such as May Department Stores and Federated Department Stores. Subsequent to her career in merchandising  she became a principal investor through Wyndcrest Holdings  a private holding company responsible for several notable technology-related investments in entertainment  telecommunications and the Internet.About Deborah AndrewsMs. Andrews brings over 20 years of technology solution and sales experience in the fields of Health Care and Digital Innovation. Her professional journey has encompassed organizations such as Time Warner  Experian Marketing Services  Pitney Bowes  and Precisely  before joining Smart Communications in December 2021 where she leads the Smart IQ and Health Care sales teams. Deborah has played a pivotal role notably in the adoption and integration of digital communication software technologies.essentiel  notamment dans l'adoption et l'intégrationTel: +33 (0)4 81 07 55 00Fax: +33 (0)4 81 07 45 65Email: investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.frEuronext Paris - Segment CIndices: CAC Small – CAC Mid & Small – CAC All-Tradable – CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code: FR0010428771Reuters: OLG.PABloomberg: OLG FPICB: 40501030 Recreational services[1] The Board of Directors considers that the following directors meet the independence criteria set out in the AFEP-MEDEF Code and the Company's Board internal rules: Nathalie Dechy  Camille Lagache  Bethel Gottlieb  Deborah Andrews and Shahrad Tehranchi.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJyfY5WalmrHyJ6el5ZomWGYbmiUlpWWZWKcmmFplZrFnHBjypmXZ5acZnFjlmxn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82171-olg-03102023-cooptation-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.16,0.35,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'NEW DIRECTORS', 'OPTATION', 'October', '12:50', 'Eagle Football Holding Bidco Limited', 'Héloïse Deliquiet', 'several notable technology-related investments', 'digital communication software technologies', 'senior merchandising management positions', 'Health Care sales teams', 'Sidonie Mérieux', 'Olympique Lyonnais group', 'May Department Stores', 'Federated Department Stores', 'Segment C Indices', 'private holding company', 'Experian Marketing Services', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Board internal rules', 'next General Meeting', 'other resigning directors', 'sales experience', 'Digital Innovation', 'other releases', 'several years', 'Recreational services', 'Annie Famose', 'Pauline Boyer-Martin', 'Annie Bouvier', 'Durcesio Mello', 'Ron Friedman', 'Alexander Bafer', 'total number', 'tender offer', 'Michele Kang', 'Bethel Gottlieb', 'financial statements', 'Ms. Gottlieb', 'active investor', 'principal investor', 'Wyndcrest Holdings', 'Ms. Andrews', 'technology solution', 'professional journey', 'Time Warner', 'Pitney Bowes', 'Smart Communications', 'Smart IQ', 'pivotal role', 'intégration', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OLG.PA', 'OLG FP', 'independence criteria', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'Nathalie Dechy', 'Camille Lagache', 'Shahrad Tehranchi', 'The Company', 'Deborah Andrews', 'OL Groupe', 'professional career', 'Regulated information', 'NEW DIRECTORS', 'independent directors', 'following directors', 'CAC Consumer', 'ol.fr', '20 years', '12 directors', 'CO-OPTATION', 'October', '6 September', 'resignations', '28 September', 'context', 'recomposition', 'reduction', 'members', '2 August', 'involvement', 'work', 'benefit', 'optations', 'remainder', 'predecessor', 'term', 'office', '30 June', 'shareholders', 'ratification', 'result', '5 women', 'skills', 'mission', 'strategy', 'implementation', 'advisor', 'corporate', 'activities', 'firms', 'entertainment', 'telecommunications', 'Internet', 'fields', 'organizations', 'December', 'adoption', 'integration', 'Fax', 'Email', 'investisseurs', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'ICB', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cooptation', '4']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753273/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Oct 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8843 £ 23.9147 Estimated MTD return 0.01 % 0.02 % Estimated YTD return -3.19 % -2.09 % Estimated ITD return 168.84 % 139.15 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -10.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.28 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.3263 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.7926The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Oct', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMMSCOPE-HOLDING-COMPANY-14688863/news/CommScope-Announces-Plans-to-Sell-Home-Networks-Business-to-Vantiva-44972664/,CommScope Announces Plans to Sell Home Networks Business to Vantiva,(marketscreener.com) CommScope a global leader in network connectivity  announced today it plans to sell its Home Networks Business to Vantiva   formerly known as Technicolor. CommScope first announced it intended to separate its Home Networks Business in Ap…,CommScope (NASDAQ: COMM) a global leader in network connectivity  announced today it plans to sell its Home Networks Business to Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  formerly known as Technicolor. CommScope first announced it intended to separate its Home Networks Business in April 2021 as part of its CommScope NEXT initiative to drive portfolio optimization. After assessing various strategic alternatives for the Home Networks business  CommScope determined that Vantiva is the best partner for this business.Under the terms of the transaction  which is expected to be completed in Q4 2023  CommScope will receive:a 25% stake in Vantiva at closing; andan earnout of up to $100 million  contingent upon Vantiva achieving EBITDA equal to or exceeding €400M in a given year over a 5-year period and meeting certain other thresholds.This transaction structure allows CommScope to capture future upside from significant synergy value creation. CommScope will also have one representative join Vantiva’s Board of Directors  highlighting its commitment to Vantiva’s strategy.“For the past 2 years  we have methodically and thoughtfully considered the strategic alternatives for our Home Networks business which would provide the highest value for our shareholders and the best partner to support our customers. In Vantiva  we are confident that we have found the right buyer. Our Home Networks business is currently in a challenging environment  and by combining these two businesses we believe it provides the best opportunity for future success. Additionally  both Home Networks and Vantiva share a similar vision  and value innovation  customer service  and developing products of the highest quality ” stated Chuck Treadway  CEO  CommScope. “We see compelling financial and commercial reasons for the combination of these two businesses at this time  and we are excited about the future opportunities for our employees  customers and partners around the world.”“This planned strategic acquisition represents a unique transformative opportunity for Vantiva ” said Luis Martinez-Amago  CEO of Vantiva. “It will enable us to reinforce Vantiva’s Connected Home operations  accelerate our innovation roadmap and expand into new markets through additional commercial partnerships. From a financial perspective  the acquisition of Home Networks will substantially increase the scale of our business while also generating synergies  that will significantly strengthen our free cash flow generation potential. This will result in a value-enhancing transaction benefiting all stakeholders  including end-consumers  customers  employees  shareholders and lenders. Subject to various approvals  we will be thrilled to welcome CommScope as a shareholder in Vantiva and our new colleagues joining us from CommScope Home Networks.”CommScope’s Home Networks is currently a global leader in connected home devices  software  and services; it provides reliable  secure  next-generation home networking solutions that are sustainably sourced to customers. With over 300 million connected home devices delivered worldwide  Home Networks leverages decades of experience and expertise to assist partners in providing innovation  value  and quality to accelerate the adoption of advanced home services. Vantiva is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces.CommScope has granted Vantiva a binding call option to acquire the Home Networks business so as to permit Vantiva’s works council to be informed and consulted prior to the exercise of the option as is required in France. We expect Vantiva to exercise the call option upon completion of the consultation period.The transaction is subject to the receipt of required regulatory approvals and approval by Vantiva shareholders.AdvisorsEvercore is acting as financial advisor to CommScope. Alston & Bird and De Pardieu Brocas Maffei are acting as legal advisors to CommScope.CommScope and the CommScope logo are registered trademarks of CommScope and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. For additional trademark information see https://www.commscope.com/trademarks.All other product names  trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.About CommScope:CommScope (NASDAQ: COMM) is pushing the boundaries of technology to create the world’s most advanced wired and wireless networks. Our global team of employees  innovators and technologists empower customers to anticipate what’s next and invent what’s possible. Discover more at www.commscope.com.Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn and like us on Facebook.Sign up for our press releases and blog posts.This press release includes forward-looking statements that are based on information currently available to management  management’s beliefs  as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of performance and are subject to a number of uncertainties and other factors  which could cause the actual results to differ materially from those currently expected. In providing forward-looking statements  the company does not intend  and is not undertaking any obligation or duty  to update these statements as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Source: CommScopeView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231003026224/en/,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Home Networks Business', 'CommScope', 'Plans', 'Vantiva', 'reliable, secure, next-generation home networking solutions', 'free cash flow generation potential', 'De Pardieu Brocas Maffei', 'significant synergy value creation', '300 million connected home devices', 'Connected Home operations', 'unique transformative opportunity', 'additional commercial partnerships', 'other smart spaces', 'other product names', 'additional trademark information', 'Home Networks Business', 'binding call option', 'various strategic alternatives', 'CommScope NEXT initiative', 'advanced home services', 'CommScope Home Networks', 'global technology leader', 'global leader', 'wireless networks', 'other thresholds', 'best opportunity', 'commercial reasons', 'various approvals', 'other countries', 'advanced wired', 'highest value', 'global team', 'network connectivity', 'Euronext Paris', 'portfolio optimization', 'best partner', 'given year', '5-year period', 'future upside', 'one representative', 'past 2 years', 'right buyer', 'challenging environment', 'two businesses', 'future success', 'similar vision', 'customer service', 'Chuck Treadway', 'compelling financial', 'future opportunities', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'new markets', 'financial perspective', 'new colleagues', 'works council', 'consultation period', 'regulatory approvals', 'financial advisor', 'U.S.', 'respective owners', 'press releases', 'blog posts', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'value innovation', 'strategic acquisition', 'innovation roadmap', 'transaction structure', 'highest quality', 'value-enhancing transaction', 'innovative products', 'legal advisors', 'registered trademarks', 'CommScope logo', 'Vantiva shareholders', 'NASDAQ', 'Technicolor', 'April', 'terms', 'Q4', '25% stake', 'closing', 'earnout', 'EBITDA', 'Board', 'Directors', 'commitment', 'strategy', 'customers', 'CEO', 'combination', 'time', 'employees', 'world', 'scale', 'synergies', 'stakeholders', 'end-consumers', 'lenders', 'software', 'decades', 'experience', 'expertise', 'adoption', 'content', 'exercise', 'France', 'completion', 'receipt', 'Evercore', 'Alston', 'Bird', 'affiliates', 'property', 'boundaries', 'innovators', 'technologists', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'management', 'beliefs', 'number', 'assumptions', 'guarantee', 'performance']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753275/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Oct 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8843 £ 23.9147 Estimated MTD return 0.01 % 0.02 % Estimated YTD return -3.19 % -2.09 % Estimated ITD return 168.84 % 139.15 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -10.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.28 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.3263 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.7926The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Oct', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-unveils-generative-AI-Labs-for-UpToDate-44973333/,Wolters Kluwer unveils generative AI Labs for UpToDate,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer Health to demonstrate initial generative AI application at HLTH 2023https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-unveils-generative-AI-Labs-for-UpToDate-44973333/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_…,Wolters Kluwer Health to demonstrate initial generative AI application at HLTH 2023Wolters Kluwer Health has launched AI Labs  a collaborative resource that brings the power of generative AI to UpToDate  its market leading clinical decision support (CDS) solution  helping medical professionals make more informed decisions.UpToDate is used by more than two million users at over 44 000 healthcare organizations in over 190 countries. Medical professionals turn to UpToDate to view over 650 million topics per year. Wolters Kluwer will demonstrate AI Labs and an initial application of generative AI augmenting retrieval of UpToDate clinical content at HLTH 2023.Responsible generative AI for clinical decision support“Our goal for UpToDate is to continuously improve how we present and deliver content to best support informed decision-making at the point of care ” said Greg Samios  President and CEO of Clinical Effectiveness  Wolters Kluwer Health. “Bringing together the power of UpToDate and generative AI can help drive value for both clinicians and patients. With this advanced capability  we have an implementation of generative AI that could help clinicians make better and more informed decisions to deliver the best care everywhere.”“Wolters Kluwer has been leveraging AI technologies for many years. Our Health solutions apply AI to diverse healthcare challenges  from identifying diversion of medications  to helping nursing students advance with personalized learning ” said Dr. Peter Bonis  Chief Medical Officer  Wolters Kluwer Health. “We are committed to setting a standard for the responsible application of generative AI to the complex realities of front-line healthcare. AI Labs permits us to collaborate with UpToDate users to develop new capabilities for the safe and effective use of generative AI to help enhance clinical decision-making.”UpToDate’s more than 12 400 clinical topics are based on the synthesis of medical literature and the experience of physician experts around the world. Studies on UpToDate have demonstrated its use is associated with improved decision-making  quality of care  education  and outcomes including reduced mortality.“I am impressed with what I’ve seen so far from Wolters Kluwer. They know that implementing generative AI in healthcare must be done responsibly and  because it is used directly with patients  it needs to be done right ” said Julio Ramirez  Chief Scientific Officer at Norton Infectious Diseases Institute. “UpToDate is the gold standard for clinicians around the world for trusted  evidence-based clinical information and treatment recommendations. The approach they have taken is the right one and I look forward to seeing how it evolves.”Building on Wolters Kluwer’s solid AI foundationAround 50% of Wolters Kluwer’s digital revenues now come from products that leverage artificial intelligence. Wolters Kluwer products  services and expert solutions are based on a foundation of trust  transparency  and responsibility – in line with the company’s values. Wolters Kluwer’s AI Principles  which guide the design  development and deployment of advanced technologies in helping customers solve their most complex problems  can be found here.To see Wolters Kluwer demonstrate AI Labs at HLTH 2023 visit Booth 4428 on Monday  October 9 at 10:00 am and 1:00 pm (PT).Wolters Kluwer Health provides trusted clinical technology and evidence-based solutions that engage clinicians  patients  researchers and students in effective decision-making and outcomes across healthcare. The division of Wolters Kluwer supports clinical effectiveness  learning and research  clinical surveillance  and compliance  as well as data solutions.To learn more about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231003991250/en/,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'AI Labs', 'UpToDate', 'market leading clinical decision support (CDS) solution', 'Norton Infectious Diseases Institute', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'trusted, evidence-based clinical information', 'initial generative AI application', 'Dr. Peter Bonis', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'trusted clinical technology', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'two million users', 'Responsible generative AI', 'diverse healthcare challenges', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'solid AI foundation', 'Wolters Kluwer products', 'UpToDate clinical content', 'initial application', 'responsible application', 'Clinical Effectiveness', '12,400 clinical topics', 'evidence-based solutions', 'clinical surveillance', 'Health solutions', 'clinical decision-making', '650 million topics', 'specialized technology', 'medical literature', 'collaborative resource', 'informed decisions', 'Greg Samios', 'advanced capability', 'many years', 'complex realities', 'new capabilities', 'physician experts', 'reduced mortality', 'Julio Ramirez', 'treatment recommendations', 'right one', 'digital revenues', 'artificial intelligence', 'expert solutions', 'advanced technologies', 'complex problems', 'data solutions', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'medical professionals', 'UpToDate users', 'AI Labs', 'AI technologies', 'AI Principles', 'informed decision-making', 'effective decision-making', '44,000 healthcare organizations', 'front-line healthcare', 'personalized learning', 'effective use', 'gold standard', 'corporate compliance', 'best care', 'HLTH', 'power', '190 countries', 'retrieval', 'goal', 'point', 'President', 'CEO', 'value', 'clinicians', 'patients', 'implementation', 'diversion', 'medications', 'students', 'safe', 'synthesis', 'experience', 'world', 'Studies', 'quality', 'education', 'outcomes', 'approach', 'services', 'transparency', 'responsibility', 'company', 'design', 'development', 'deployment', 'customers', 'Booth', 'Monday', 'October', '10:00 am', 'researchers', 'division', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', '1:00']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/10/03/2753274/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-announces-agreement-for-potential-first-in-class-vaccine-against-extraintestinal-pathogenic-E-coli.html,Press Release: Sanofi announces agreement for potential first-in-class vaccine against extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli,Sanofi announces agreement for potential first-in-class vaccine against extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli  Extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli...,Sanofi announces agreement for potential first-in-class vaccine against extraintestinal pathogenic E. coliExtraintestinal pathogenic E. coli (ExPEC) is a leading bacterial cause of sepsis  causing approximately 10 million cases of invasive ExPEC disease (IED) annually  worldwide 1  2Phase 3 clinical trial of vaccine candidate ongoing. Novel ExPEC vaccine expected to complement existing older adult vaccine portfolioParis  October 3  2023. Sanofi announces today that it has entered into an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (Janssen)  a Johnson & Johnson company  to develop and commercialize the vaccine candidate for extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli (9-valent) developed by Janssen  currently in Phase 3. The agreement brings together Janssen’s robust science behind this potential first-in-class product and Sanofi’s worldwide manufacturing footprint and recognized world-class expertise in launching innovative vaccines.Thomas TriompheExecutive Vice President  Vaccines  Sanofi“E. coli is a significant cause of sepsis  mortality  and antimicrobial resistance in older adults  and the number of cases is rising as the population ages. In line with our commitment to design and deliver first- or best-in-class medicines and vaccines  this agreement with Janssen aims to positively impact public health by reducing hospitalization costs and the burden on health systems associated with ExPEC and help older adults around the world to live longer  healthier lives.”Under the terms of the agreement  both parties will co-fund current and future research and development costs. Sanofi will pay USD 175M upfront to Janssen  followed by development and commercial milestones. There will be a profit-share arrangement in the U.S.  EU4 (France  Germany  Italy  Spain)  and the UK. In the rest of the world (ROW)  Janssen will receive tiered royalties and sales milestones. Closing is subject to customary regulatory clearance.Extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli is a leading cause of sepsis  particularly in older adults3. Sepsis is a life-threatening bloodstream infection accompanied by severe illness and widespread organ damage  generated by the body’s self-destructive response to the infection. The main risk factors include​ age  especially 60​+  and chronic illnesses (e.g.  diabetes  cancer  or kidney disease). Antimicrobial resistant (AMR) E. coli strains are an ongoing healthcare concern  with extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli a major driver behind the global AMR crisis4.The ongoing Phase 3 E.mbrace trial is designed to evaluate the efficacy of the 9-valent extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine (ExPEC9V) compared to placebo in the prevention of invasive E. coli disease (IED) caused by ExPEC9V O-serotypes. The study was started in 2021 by Janssen and continues to enroll patients.Learn more: https://classic.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT048993361 Russo TA and Johnson JR. Medical and economic impact of extraintestinal infections due to Escherichia coli: focus on an increasingly important endemic problem. Microbes Infect. 2003;5:449–456.2 Rudd KE  Johnson SC  Agesa KM  et al. Global  regional  and national sepsis incidence and mortality  1990-2017: analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study. Lancet. 2020;395(10219):200-211. doi:10.1016/S0140-6736(19)32989-73 Rhee C  et al. Prevalence of Antibiotic-Resistant Pathogens in Culture-Proven Sepsis and Outcomes Associated with Inadequate and Broad-Spectrum Empiric Antibiotic Use. JAMA Netw Open. 2020;3(4): e202899.4 O’Neill J. Antimicrobial Resistance: Tackling a crisis for the health and wealth of nations. Review on Antimicrobial Resistance. Available at: https://amr-review.org/sites/default/files/AMR%20Review%20Paper%20-%20Tackling%20a%20crisis%20for%20the%20health%20and%20wealth%20of%20nations_1.pdf. Last accessed: October 2022.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.09,negative,0.01,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli', 'Press Release', 'class vaccine', 'Sanofi', 'agreement', 'potential', '9-valent extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine', 'Thomas Triomphe Executive Vice President', 'existing older adult vaccine portfolio', '4 O’Neill J. Antimicrobial Resistance', 'ongoing Phase 3 E.mbrace trial', 'Broad-Spectrum Empiric Antibiotic Use', 'AMR) E. coli strains', 'invasive E. coli disease', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'ongoing healthcare concern', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'AMR%20Review%20Pa', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'worldwide manufacturing footprint', 'customary regulatory clearance', 'widespread organ damage', 'main risk factors', 'important endemic problem', 'JAMA Netw Open', 'life-changing treatment options', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'SNY Media Relations', 'global AMR crisis', 'Novel ExPEC vaccine', 'invasive ExPEC disease', 'longer, healthier lives', 'life-threatening bloodstream infection', 'leading bacterial cause', 'national sepsis incidence', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'extraintestinal infections', 'Escherichia coli', 'class vaccine', 'vaccine candidate', 'leading cause', 'older adults', 'kidney disease', 'Antimicrobial resistant', 'Johnson company', 'Global Burden', 'Investor Relations', 'significant cause', 'innovative vaccines', 'Disease Study', 'potential first', 'class product', 'world-class expertise', 'class medicines', 'hospitalization costs', 'future research', 'commercial milestones', 'profit-share arrangement', 'U.S.', 'tiered royalties', 'sales milestones', 'severe illness', 'self-destructive response', 'chronic illnesses', 'major driver', '1 Russo TA', 'economic impact', 'Microbes Infect', 'Rudd KE', 'Agesa KM', '3 Rhee C', 'Antibiotic-Resistant Pathogens', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', '10 million cases', 'robust science', 'public health', 'health systems', 'development costs', 'ExPEC9V O-serotypes', 'Johnson JR.', 'Culture-Proven Sepsis', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Janssen Pharmaceuticals', 'Victor Rouault', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'health%20', 'agreement', 'IED', 'Paris', 'October', 'mortality', 'number', 'population', 'line', 'commitment', 'terms', 'parties', 'current', 'EU4', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'UK', 'rest', 'ROW', 'Closing', 'body', '\u200b age', 'diabetes', 'cancer', 'efficacy', 'placebo', 'prevention', 'patients', 'clinicaltrials', 'show', 'Medical', 'analysis', 'Lancet', 'Prevalence', 'Outcomes', 'Inadequate', 'wealth', 'nations', 'files', 'Tackling', 'miracles', 'people', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,globenewswire.com
30989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Sanofi-announces-agreement-for-potential-first-in-class-vaccine-against-extraintestin-44969127/,Press Release: Sanofi announces agreement for potential first-in-class vaccine against extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli -October 03  2023 at 01:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Sanofi announces agreement for potential first-in-class vaccine against extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli Extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli is a leading bacterial cause of sepsis  causing approximately 10 million cases of invasive ExPEC…,Sanofi announcesagreementfor potential first-in-class vaccine against extraintestinal pathogenic E. coliExtraintestinal pathogenic E.coli (ExPEC) is a leading bacterial cause of sepsis  causing approximately 10 million cases of invasive ExPEC disease (IED) annually  worldwide 1  2Phase 3 clinical trial of vaccine candidate ongoing. Novel ExPEC vaccine expected to complement existing older adult vaccine portfolioParis  October 3  2023. Sanofi announces today that it has entered into an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (Janssen)  a Johnson & Johnson company  to develop and commercialize the vaccine candidate for extraintestinal pathogenic E.coli (9-valent) developed by Janssen  currently in Phase 3. The agreement brings together Janssen’s robust science behind this potential first-in-class product and Sanofi’s worldwide manufacturing footprint and recognized world-class expertise in launching innovative vaccines.Thomas TriompheExecutive Vice President  Vaccines  Sanofi“E. coli is a significant cause of sepsis  mortality  and antimicrobial resistance in older adults  and the number of cases is rising as the population ages. In line with our commitment to design and deliver first- or best-in-class medicines and vaccines  this agreementwith Janssenaims to positively impact public health by reducing hospitalization costs and the burden on health systems associated with ExPECandhelp older adults around the world to live longer  healthier lives.”Under the terms of the agreement  both parties will co-fund current and future research and development costs. Sanofi will pay USD 175M upfront to Janssen  followed by development and commercial milestones. There will be a profit-share arrangement in the U.S.  EU4 (France  Germany  Italy  Spain)  and the UK. In the rest of the world (ROW)  Janssen will receive tiered royalties and sales milestones. Closing is subject to customary regulatory clearance.Extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli is a leading cause of sepsis  particularly in older adults3. Sepsis is a life-threatening bloodstream infection accompanied by severe illness and widespread organ damage  generated by the body’s self-destructive response to the infection. The main risk factors include​ age  especially 60​+  and chronic illnesses (e.g.  diabetes  cancer  or kidney disease). Antimicrobial resistant (AMR) E. coli strains are an ongoing healthcare concern  with extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli a major driver behind the global AMR crisis4.The ongoing Phase 3 E.mbrace trial is designed to evaluate the efficacy of the 9-valent extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine (ExPEC9V) compared to placebo in the prevention of invasive E. coli disease (IED) caused by ExPEC9V O-serotypes. The study was started in 2021 by Janssen and continues to enroll patients.Learn more: https://classic.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT048993361 Russo TA and Johnson JR. Medical and economic impact of extraintestinal infections due to Escherichia coli: focus on an increasingly important endemic problem. Microbes Infect. 2003;5:449–456.2 Rudd KE  Johnson SC  Agesa KM  et al. Global  regional  and national sepsis incidence and mortality  1990-2017: analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study. Lancet. 2020;395(10219):200-211. doi:10.1016/S0140-6736(19)32989-73 Rhee C  et al. Prevalence of Antibiotic-Resistant Pathogens in Culture-Proven Sepsis and Outcomes Associated with Inadequate and Broad-Spectrum Empiric Antibiotic Use. JAMA Netw Open. 2020;3(4): e202899.4 O’Neill J. Antimicrobial Resistance: Tackling a crisis for the health and wealth of nations. Review on Antimicrobial Resistance. Available at: https://amr-review.org/sites/default/files/AMR%20Review%20Paper%20-%20Tackling%20a%20crisis%20for%20the%20health%20and%20wealth%20of%20nations_1.pdf. Last accessed: October 2022.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli', 'Press Release', 'potential first', 'class vaccine', 'Sanofi', 'agreement', 'October', '01', '9-valent extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine', 'Thomas Triomphe Executive Vice President', 'existing older adult vaccine portfolio', '4 O’Neill J. Antimicrobial Resistance', 'ongoing Phase 3 E.mbrace trial', 'Extraintestinal pathogenic E.coli', 'Broad-Spectrum Empiric Antibiotic Use', 'AMR) E. coli strains', 'invasive E. coli disease', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'ongoing healthcare concern', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'AMR%20Review%20Pa', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'worldwide manufacturing footprint', 'customary regulatory clearance', 'widespread organ damage', 'main risk factors', 'important endemic problem', 'JAMA Netw Open', 'life-changing treatment options', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'Novel ExPEC vaccine', 'invasive ExPEC disease', 'SNY Media Relations', 'global AMR crisis', 'life-threatening bloodstream infection', 'leading bacterial cause', 'national sepsis incidence', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'extraintestinal infections', 'Escherichia coli', 'class vaccine', 'vaccine candidate', 'leading cause', 'older adults', 'kidney disease', 'Antimicrobial resistant', 'Johnson company', 'Global Burden', 'Investor Relations', 'significant cause', 'innovative vaccines', 'Disease Study', 'potential first', 'class product', 'world-class expertise', 'population ages', 'class medicines', 'hospitalization costs', 'future research', 'commercial milestones', 'profit-share arrangement', 'U.S.', 'tiered royalties', 'sales milestones', 'severe illness', 'self-destructive response', 'chronic illnesses', 'major driver', '1 Russo TA', 'economic impact', 'Microbes Infect', 'Rudd KE', 'Agesa KM', '3 Rhee C', 'Antibiotic-Resistant Pathogens', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', '10 million cases', 'robust science', 'public health', 'health systems', 'healthier lives', 'development costs', 'ExPEC9V O-serotypes', 'Johnson JR.', 'Culture-Proven Sepsis', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Janssen Pharmaceuticals', 'Victor Rouault', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'health%20', 'IED', 'Paris', 'October', 'agreement', 'mortality', 'number', 'line', 'commitment', 'Janssenaims', 'ExPECandhelp', 'terms', 'parties', 'current', 'EU4', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'UK', 'rest', 'ROW', 'Closing', 'body', '\u200b age', 'diabetes', 'cancer', 'efficacy', 'placebo', 'prevention', 'patients', 'clinicaltrials', 'show', 'Medical', 'analysis', 'Lancet', 'Prevalence', 'Outcomes', 'Inadequate', 'wealth', 'nations', 'files', 'Tackling', 'miracles', 'people', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ING-GROEP-N-V-56358303/news/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme-44969228/,Progress on share buyback programme,(marketscreener.com) Progress on share buyback programme ING announced today that  in line with the launch of our €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 11 May 2023  we repurchased 4 165 025 shares during the week of 25 September 2023 up to and inc…,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  in line with the launch of our €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 11 May 2023  we repurchased 4 165 025 shares during the week of 25 September 2023 up to and including 29 September 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €12.41 for a total amount of €51 667 535.66. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 116 270 682 ordinary shares at an average price of €12.92 for a total consideration of €1 502 644 868.49.To date approximately 100.18% of the announced total value of the share buyback programme has been completed. The programme exceeds 100% due to the performance arrangements  including the average price per share  with our executing broker for the programme. The broker will continue to repurchase shares until the performance arrangements have been fulfilled. The programme will therefore end up slightly in excess of €1.5 billion. The excess shares will be funded by the executing broker.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news X feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 59 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason. This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.43,0.38,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'related international response measures', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'related response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'Frequent news updates', 'Groep N.V.', 'same accounting principles', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'Group Investor Relations', 'wholesale banking services', 'Important legal information', 'daily repurchased shares', 'Bank N.V.', 'other forward-looking statements', 'general economic conditions', 'financial services', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'European Union', 'economic crimes', 'financial markets', 'Group shares', 'financial information', 'average price', 'total amount', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'total value', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'detailed information', '682 ordinary shares', 'executing broker', 'total number', 'Christoph Linke', 'tax laws', 'performance arrangements', 'excess shares', '4,165,025 shares', 'Progress', 'line', 'launch', '11 May', '25 September', '29 September', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '59,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', '270']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/H2O-INNOVATION-INC-1410316/news/H2O-Innovation-Signs-Definitive-Agreement-to-Be-Acquired-by-Ember-Alongside-IQ-CDPQ-and-Management-44975714/,H2O Innovation Signs Definitive Agreement to Be Acquired by Ember Alongside IQ  CDPQ and Management,(marketscreener.com) All amounts are in Canadian dollarshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/H2O-INNOVATION-INC-1410316/news/H2O-Innovation-Signs-Definitive-Agreement-to-Be-Acquired-by-Ember-Alongside-IQ-CDPQ-and-Management-44975714/?utm_medium=RSS&u…,All amounts are in Canadian dollars(TSX: HEO)– H 2 O Innovation Inc. (“H 2 O Innovation” or the “Corporation”) announces that it has entered into a definitive arrangement agreement (the “Arrangement Agreement”) with Ember SPV I Purchaser Inc. (the “Purchaser”)  an entity controlled by funds managed by Ember Infrastructure Management  LP (“Ember”)  a New York-based private equity firm  whereby the Purchaser will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares in the capital of H 2 O Innovation(the “Shares”)  other than the Shares to be rolled over by Investissement Québec (“IQ”)  Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (“CDPQ”) and the key executives of the Corporation (collectively  the “Rollover Shareholders”)  for $4.251 in cash (the “Consideration”) per Share (the “Transaction”).Key Transaction HighlightsThe shareholders of H 2 O Innovation (the “Shareholders”) will receive a price of $4.25 per Share  payable entirely in cash  which represents a premium of approximately 68% to the closing price of the Shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) on October 2  2023 2   a premium of approximately 66% to the 20-day volume-weighted average Share price on the TSX for the period ending on October 2  2023  and a 26% premium to the 52-week high price on the TSX of $3.37 per Share achieved on July 4  2023;O Innovation (the “Shareholders”) will receive a price of $4.25 per Share  payable entirely in cash  which represents a premium of approximately 68% to the closing price of the Shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) on October 2  2023   a premium of approximately 66% to the 20-day volume-weighted average Share price on the TSX for the period ending on October 2  2023  and a 26% premium to the 52-week high price on the TSX of $3.37 per Share achieved on July 4  2023; H 2 O Innovation’s board of directors (the “Board”) (excluding any director not entitled to vote) unanimously recommends that Shareholders vote in favour of the Transaction;O Innovation’s board of directors (the “Board”) (excluding any director not entitled to vote) unanimously recommends that Shareholders vote in favour of the Transaction; Ember will leverage the expertise of the existing management team led by Frédéric Dugré  President  Chief Executive Officer and co-Founder of H 2 O Innovation  to continue to support H 2 O Innovation’s growth strategy;O Innovation  to continue to support H O Innovation’s growth strategy; Ember is committed to continue employing the Corporation’s current key executives and maintaining H 2 O Innovation’s head office and substantially the same number of employees in the Province of Québec; andO Innovation’s head office and substantially the same number of employees in the Province of Québec; and Ember is partnering with IQ and CDPQ  important Québec-based institutions and significant Shareholders of H 2 OInnovation  that together with the key executives of H 2 OInnovation will  in the aggregate  hold an equity interest of approximately 21% in H 2 OInnovation post-Transaction.The Transaction values H 2 OInnovation at $395million  on a fully diluted equity basis. Ember is funding its portion of the purchase price with capital it manages on behalf of its limited partners via private equity fund capital as well as select co-investors  including funds affiliated with the Ontario Power Generation Inc. Pension Fund. Under the terms of the Arrangement Agreement  the Corporation may solicit a superior offer for a defined “go-shop” period  as further outlined below  during which Scotia Capital Inc. (“Scotiabank”)  the Corporation’s financial advisor  will approach potential interested parties with a view to soliciting a higher offer  which the Purchaser is entitled to match.Ember and H 2 OInnovation have put in place appropriate measures to ensure a seamless transition to the new ownership  with minimal disruption for the employees of H 2 OInnovation  and the Corporation’s numerous loyal customers and partners across Canada  the United States  Mexico and Europe.“After extensive work we have concluded that this transaction is in the best interest of H 2 OInnovation and fair to our Shareholders. Following a comprehensive assessment and our extensive negotiations with the Purchaser  we are pleased to have reached an agreement that provides immediate and fair value to our Shareholders. In addition to the attractive premium offered to H 2 OInnovation’s Shareholders  Ember has agreed to key commitments for H 2 OInnovation and its stakeholders. Ember appreciates the significance of H 2 OInnovation’s Québec roots that will remain an important foundation for the Corporation as it continues its growth  and has agreed to maintain H 2 OInnovation’s head office in the Province of Québec ” said Lisa Henthorne  Chairwoman of the Board.“We are very excited to partner with Ember to accelerate growth. We look forward to leveraging their relationships  resources  and expertise as we execute on our growth strategy in a manner consistent with our core values of loyalty  entrepreneurship  achievement and unity ” stated Mr.Dugré. “As a private equity firm investing in infrastructure solutions to reduce carbon intensity  increase resource efficiency  and enhance climate resilience  Ember is the ideal partner for H 2 OInnovation.”“Ember looks forward to partnering with the H 2 OInnovation management team to continue building a leading integrated water solutions company focused on providing best-in-class technologies and services to its customers ” declared Elena Savostianova  Managing Partner of Ember. “Sustainability is core to Ember’s investment philosophy  and water and wastewater solutions are central to our sustainability thesis. While H 2 OInnovation has achieved significant success in delivering its services and solutions to its customers both organically and through acquisition-driven growth since its inception  we see a unique opportunity for H 2 OInnovation to enter a new phase of growth supported by our capital and industry expertise. We intend to take a long-term view as we support the ongoing implementation of H 2 OInnovation’s existing strategy  while continuing to find additional opportunities to better serve its customers.”Guy LeBlanc  President and CEO of IQ  added: “Investissement Québec supports Ember as a partner of choice to help H 2 OInnovation on its growth journey. It is committed to maintaining Québec operations and leveraging H 2 OInnovation’s expertise to make it a consolidator and global leader in its field. This investment project is part of our mission to drive economic development.”“As a long-time shareholder  CDPQ is pleased to continue its partnership with H 2 OInnovation  a growing company operating in a strategic sector of our economy ” said Kim Thomassin  Executive Vice‑President and Head of Québec at CDPQ. “With this privatization  the Corporation will be able to continue executing its acquisition plan while maintaining its infrastructure and talent in Québec.”The process and negotiation of the Transaction were supervised by a committee of independent directors of H 2 OInnovation(the “Special Committee”). The Transaction has been approved unanimously by the Board (with interested and non-independent directors abstaining from voting) following the unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee. Both the Board and the Special Committee determined  after receiving financial and legal advice  that the Transaction is in the best interests of the Corporation and is fair to the Shareholders (other than the Rollover Shareholders). The Board also unanimously recommends that the Shareholders vote in favour of the Transaction at the special meeting of Shareholders to be called to approve the Transaction (the “Meeting”).As part of the Transaction  IQ  the largest shareholder of the Corporation  has agreed to roll over all of its Shares and increase its existing equity ownership in the Corporation by acquiring approximately $20million of additional Shares from the Purchaser for an amount per Share equal to the Consideration. Furthermore  CDPQ has agreed to roll over the majority of its Shares and the key executives of H 2 O Innovation have agreed to roll over a portion of their Shares for an amount per Share equal to the Consideration. Upon completion of the Transaction  Ember will be the controlling shareholder of H 2 O Innovation  with IQ  CDPQ and the key executives of H 2 O Innovation  together  holding an equity interest in the Corporation of approximately 21%.The Rollover Shareholders and each other director and officer of the Corporation  who currently collectively hold approximately 24% of all issued and outstanding Shares  have entered into customary support and voting agreements pursuant to which they have agreed to vote all their Shares in favour of the Transaction at the Meeting  subject to certain conditions.Fairness Opinions and Formal ValuationDesjardins Capital Markets (“Desjardins”)  the independent financial advisor to the Special Committee  has delivered to the Special Committee a formal valuation of the Shares completed under the supervision of the Special Committee  as required by Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions (“MI 61-101”)  which determined that as at October 3  2023 and based upon and subject to the assumptions  limitations and qualifications communicated to the Special Committee by Desjardins and to be contained in Desjardins’ written formal valuation  the fair market value of the Shares is in the range of $3.25to $4.00per Share.Scotiabank  the Corporation’s exclusive financial advisor  and Desjardins have also each provided an opinion to the Special Committee and the Board that as at October 3  2023  subject to the assumptions  qualifications and limitations communicated to the Special Committee and the Board and to be set out in each of Scotiabank’s and Desjardins’ written fairness opinion  the Consideration is fair  from a financial point of view  to the Shareholders (other than the Rollover Shareholders in respect of their Shares being rolled over).The formal valuation and both fairness opinions will be included in the management information circular to be mailed to the Shareholders in connection with the Meeting and filed by the Corporation under its profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and made available on the Corporation’s website atwww.h2oinnovation.com.Additional Transaction DetailsThe Transaction will be implemented by way of statutory plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act and is subject to court approval  after considering the procedural and substantive fairness of the Transaction  and the approval of at least 66 2/3% of the votes cast by Shareholders present in person or by proxy at the Meeting. The Transaction is also subject to approval by holders of more than 50% of the votes cast by H 2 OInnovation’s minority Shareholders  being all Shareholders excluding the Rollover Shareholders and any of their respective affiliates  present in person or by proxy at the Meeting  in accordance with MI 61-101.Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement  H 2 OInnovationhas a 30-day go-shop period that will extend from October 3  2023 to November 2  2023 (the “Go-Shop Period”)  during which Scotiabank will solicit third-party interest in submitting a proposal which is superior to the proposal made by the Purchaser. The Purchaser will have a right to match a superior proposal during and after the Go-Shop Period. There can be no assurance that the go-shop process will result in a superior proposal. H 2 OInnovation does not intend to disclose developments with respect to the go-shop process unless and until the Board makes a determination requiring further disclosure.After the expiry of the Go-Shop Period  H 2 OInnovation will be subject to a non-solicitation covenant with customary “fiduciary out” provisions under the terms of the Arrangement Agreement. The Arrangement Agreement contains other customary representations  warranties  covenants and closing conditions. The Transaction is not subject to any financing condition and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2023.Upon closing of the Transaction  Ember intends to cause the Shares to be delisted from the TSX andEuronext Growth Parisand to be withdrawn from the OTCQX designation  and to cause the Corporation to submit an application to cease to be a reporting issuer under applicable Canadian securities laws.Additional details regarding the terms and conditions of the Transaction  the rationale for the recommendations made by the Special Committee and the Board  the fairness opinions and the formal valuation  and how Shareholders can participate in and vote at the Meeting  will be set out in H 2 OInnovation’s management information circular to be prepared and made available to Shareholders in connection with the Meeting on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on the Corporation’s website atwww.h2oinnovation.com. Copies of the Arrangement Agreement  the voting and support agreements  the management information circular and proxy materials in respect of the Meeting will be filed by the Corporation under its profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.AdvisorsNorton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP is H 2 O Innovation’s legal counsel  Weil  Gotshal & Manges LLP and Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP are legal counsel to Ember  Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP is legal counsel to IQ and Blake  Cassels & Graydon LLP is legal counsel to CDPQ. Scotiabank acted as exclusive financial advisor to H 2 O Innovationand Desjardins acted as independent financial advisor to the Special Committee. Raymond James acted as financial advisor to Ember.No Prospectus (France)The Transaction will not imply a prospectus requiring the approval of France’s Autorité des marchés financiers.About H 2 O InnovationInnovation is in our name  and it is what drives the organization. H 2 O Innovation is a complete water solutions company focused on providing best-in-class technologies and services to its customers. The Corporation’s activities rely on three pillars: i) Water Technologies & Services (WTS) applies membrane technologies and engineering expertise to deliver equipment and services to municipal and industrial water  wastewater  and water reuse customers  ii) Specialty Products (SP) is a set of businesses that manufacture and supply a complete line of specialty chemicals  consumables and engineered products for the global water treatment industry  and iii) Operation & Maintenance (O&M) provides contract operations and associated services for water and wastewater treatment systems. Through innovation  we strive to simplify water. For more information  visit www.h2oinnovation.com.About EmberEmber is a private equity firm investing in businesses delivering infrastructure solutions that reduce carbon intensity  enhance resource efficiency  and increase resilience to climate impacts. Headquartered in New York City  Ember invests across the energy transition  water  waste and industrial sectors. For more information  please visit www.ember-infra.com.About CDPQAt CDPQ  we invest constructively to generate sustainable returns over the long term. As a global investment group managing funds for public pension and insurance plans  we work alongside our partners to build enterprises that drive performance and progress. We are active in the major financial markets  private equity  infrastructure  real estate and private debt. As at June 30  2023  CDPQ’s net assets totalled CAD 424 billion. For more information  visit cdpq.com  consult our LinkedIn or Instagram pages  or follow us on X.CDPQ is a registered trademark owned by Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and licensed for use by its subsidiaries.About IQInvestissement Quebec’s mission is to play an active role in Quebec’s economic development by stimulating business innovation  entrepreneurship and business acquisitions  as well as growth in investment and exports. Operating in all of the province’s administrative regions  the Corporation supports the creation and growth of businesses of all sizes with investments and customized financial solutions. It also assists businesses by providing consulting services and other support measures  including technological assistance available from Investissement Québec – CRIQ. In addition  through Investissement Québec International  the Corporation prospects for talent and foreign investment  and assists Quebec businesses with export activities.Early Warning Disclosure by IQAs at the date hereof  IQ owns 9 003 544 Shares  representing approximately 10% of the issued and outstanding Shares  and currently files early warning reports pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 62-104 respecting Take-Over Bids and lssuer Bids and Regulation 62-103 respecting the Early Warning System and Related Take-Over Bid and lnsider Reporting Issues with respect to H 2 OInnovation. An amended early warning report  stating that IQ has agreed with the Purchaser to transfer to the Purchaser all of its Shares (and receive shares of the Purchaser as a counterpart) and acquire additional Shares from the Purchaser in the context of the Transaction  and that it has entered into a support and voting agreement with the Purchaser pursuant to which it has agreed to vote in favour of the Transaction at the Meeting  will be filed with the applicable securities commissions and will be made available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. Further information may be obtained by contacting Isabelle Fontaine  Senior Director  Media and Government Affairs of IQ at 438-622-4087.Cautionary Note and Forward-Looking StatementsThe Corporation’s oral and written public communications may include forward-looking statements. These statements are included in this press release and may be included in other filings or communications from the Corporation. The forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the applicable securities legislation. Forward-looking statements may include  but are not limited to  statements and comments with respect to the rationale of the Special Committee and the Board for entering into the Arrangement Agreement  the expected benefits of the Transaction  the undertakings of Emberwith respect to the Corporation’s operations and stakeholders  the terms and conditions of the Arrangement Agreement  the Consideration and premium to be received by Shareholders  the anticipated timing and the various steps to be completed in connection with the Transaction  including receipt of Shareholder  regulatory and court approvals  the anticipated timing of closing of the Transaction  the anticipated delisting of the Shares from the TSX and Euronext  the withdrawal of the Shares from the OTCQX designation and the Corporation ceasing to be a reporting issuer under Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking information also relates to  among other things  the Corporation’s strategies to achieve its objectives  as well as information with respect to management’s beliefs  plans  expectations  anticipations  estimations and intentions  and may also include other statements that are predictive in nature  or that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions. The management of H 2 O Innovation would like to point out that forward-looking statements involve a number of uncertainties  known and unknown risks and other factors which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of the Corporation to materially differ from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In preparing its outlook  the Corporation made assumptions that do not consider extraordinary events or circumstances beyond its control. When used in this press release  words such as “aim”  “anticipate”  “assume”  “believe”  “continue”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “forecast”  “foresee”  “future”  “goal”  “guidance”  “indicate”  “intend”  “likely”  “maintain”  “may”  “objective”  “outlook”  “plan”  “potential”  “predict”  “project”  “seek”  “should”  “strategy”  “synergies”  “target”  “undertake”  “view”  “vision”  “will”  “would” or the negative or comparable terminology as well as terms usually used in the future and the conditional are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements include such words.The information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making expectations  forecasts  projections  predictions  or estimations  including  without limitation: that the Transaction will be completed on the terms currently contemplated  and in accordance with the timing currently expected; that all conditions to the completion of the Transaction will be satisfied or waived and the Arrangement Agreement will not be terminated prior to the completion of the Transaction; and various assumptions and expectations related to premiums to the trading price of Shares and returns to Shareholders. A change affecting an assumption can also have an impact on other interrelated assumptions  which could increase or diminish the effect of the change. Forward-looking statements are presented for the purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding certain key elements of the Corporation’s current objectives  strategic priorities  expectations and plans  and in obtaining a better understanding of the Corporation’s business and anticipated operating environment.Forward-looking statements are necessarily based on a number of opinions  assumptions and estimates that  while considered reasonable by the Corporation as of the date of this press release  are subject to inherent uncertainties  risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Moreover  the proposed Transaction could be modified or the Arrangement Agreement terminated in accordance with its terms. Several factors  risks or uncertainties could cause the actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these factors  risks or uncertainties materialize or should the assumptions underlying those forward-looking statements prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those described herein. Such factors include  without limitation: (a) the failure of the parties to obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or the required Shareholder and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Transaction  and failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner; (b) lack of assurance that if the Corporation had solicited expressions of interest from other potential arm’s length investors or acquirors prior to entering into the Arrangement Agreement  that one or more would not have been willing to complete a Transaction on more favourable terms than the Purchaser; (c) the Arrangement Agreement restricts the Corporation from taking specified actions until the Transaction is completed withoutthe Purchaser’s consent  which may prevent the Corporation from pursuing or attracting business opportunities; (d) the ability of the Board to solicit and approve a superior proposal during the Go-Shop Period; (e) the ability of the Board to consider and approve a superior proposal following the expiry of the Go-Shop Period; (f) significant Transaction costs or unknown liabilities; (g) litigation relating to the Transaction may be commenced which may prevent  delay or give rise to significant costs or liabilities; (h) the Arrangement Agreement may be terminated prior to its consummation; (i) the Corporation may be required to pay a termination fee to the Purchaser in certain circumstances if the Transaction is not completed or if the Arrangement Agreement is terminated by the Corporation to accept a superior proposal; (j) directors and officers of the Corporation may have interests in the Transaction that may be different from those of Shareholders generally; (k) the focus of management’s time and attention on the Transaction may detract from other aspects of the Corporation’s business; (l) the tax treatment of the Transaction may be subject to uncertainties; (m) general economic conditions; (n) the market price of the Shares may be materially adversely affected if the Transaction is not completed or its completion is materially delayed; and (o) failure to realize the expected benefits of the Transaction.Failure to obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or the required Shareholder and court approvals  or failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Transaction may result in the Transaction not being completed on the proposed terms  or at all. If the Transaction is not completed  and the Corporation continues as a publicly-traded entity  there are risks that the announcement of the Transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Corporation to the completion of the Transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees  customers  suppliers and partners)  operating results and activities in general  and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations  financial condition and prospects. Furthermore  pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement  the Corporation may  in certain circumstances  be required to pay a fee tothe Purchaser  the result of which could have an adverse effect on its financial position. The Corporation cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Additional information about the risk factors to which the Corporation is exposed to is provided in the Annual Information Form dated September 27  2023  which is available on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).The forward-looking statements set forth herein reflect the Corporation’s expectations as of the date hereof  and are subject to change after this date. The Corporation may  from time to time  make oral forward-looking statements. The Corporation advises that the above paragraphs and the risk factors described herein should be read for a description of certain factors that could cause the actual results of the Corporation to differ materially from those in the oral forward-looking statements. Unless required to do so pursuant to applicable securities legislation  H 2 O Innovationassumes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements contained in this press release or in other communications as a result of new information  future events  and other changes.Source:H 2 O Innovation Inc.www.h2oinnovation.comThis press release shall not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities  or a solicitation of a proxy of any securityholder of any person in any jurisdiction. Any offers or solicitations will be made in accordance with the requirements under applicable law. Shareholders are advised to review any documents that may be filed with securities regulatory authorities and any subsequent announcements because they will contain important information regarding the Transaction and the terms and conditions thereof. The circulation of this press release and the Transaction may be subject to a specific regulation or restrictions in some countries. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release must familiarize themselves and comply with any restrictions that may apply to them.____________________________________1 The Bank of Canada Euro to CAD daily exchange rate as of September 29  2023 was €1 =C$1.4304.2 The closing price of the Shares on the Euronext Growth Paris on October 2  2023 was €1.70.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231003830062/en/,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['H2O Innovation', 'Definitive Agreement', 'Ember', 'IQ', 'CDPQ', 'Management', 'Ontario Power Generation Inc. Pension Fund', 'Caisse de dépôt', 'New York-based private equity firm', '20-day volume-weighted average Share price', 'Ember SPV I Purchaser Inc.', 'Frédéric Dugré', 'private equity fund capital', 'important Québec-based institutions', 'H 2 O Innovation Inc.', 'Scotia Capital Inc', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'existing management team', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential interested parties', 'numerous loyal customers', '52-week high price', 'H O Innovation', 'Investissement Québec', 'Québec roots', 'current key executives', 'Ember Infrastructure Management', 'outstanding common shares', 'definitive arrangement agreement', 'Key Transaction Highlights', 'Mr.D', 'new ownership', 'equity interest', 'equity basis', 'important foundation', 'closing price', 'purchase price', 'H 2 OInnovation', 'key commitments', 'Canadian dollars', 'head office', 'same number', 'superior offer', 'financial advisor', 'higher offer', 'appropriate measures', 'seamless transition', 'minimal disruption', 'United States', 'extensive work', 'best interest', 'comprehensive assessment', 'extensive negotiations', 'fair value', 'Lisa Henthorne', 'core values', 'growth strategy', 'limited partners', 'The Transaction', 'shop” period', 'attractive premium', 'significant Shareholders', '26% premium', 'amounts', 'TSX', 'HEO', 'Corporation', 'entity', 'funds', 'LP', 'IQ', 'placement', 'CDPQ', 'Rollover', 'cash', 'Consideration', 'October', 'July', 'board', 'directors', 'favour', 'expertise', 'President', 'Founder', 'employees', 'Province', 'aggregate', 'portion', 'behalf', 'investors', 'terms', 'Scotiabank', 'view', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Europe', 'immediate', 'addition', 'stakeholders', 'significance', 'Chairwoman', 'relationships', 'resources', 'manner', 'loyalty', 'achievement', 'unity']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,marketscreener.com
30992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/remy-cointreau-americas-partners-with-wwf-mexico-to-protect-monarch-butterflies-in-the-americas-301945475.html,Rémy Cointreau Americas partners with WWF Mexico to protect Monarch butterflies in the Americas,NEW YORK  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of Rémy Cointreau's CSR transformation plan  Sustainable Exception  Rémy Cointreau Americas is proud to join the Group's Butterfly Regeneration Program  an internal and external collaborative effort aimed at prot…,"NEW YORK  Oct. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of Rémy Cointreau's CSR transformation plan  Sustainable Exception  Rémy Cointreau Americas is proud to join the Group's Butterfly Regeneration Program  an internal and external collaborative effort aimed at protecting butterflies and promoting biodiversity across the world.Credit: WWF MéxicoThe role of butterflies is critical as it serves as indicators of ecosystem health. The Butterfly Regeneration Program will increase preservation efforts across Rémy Cointreau's terroirs  production sites and end-markets  in partnership with scientific and non-profit organizations.In that context  Rémy Cointreau Americas is happy to announce a partnership with WWF Mexico to protect and regenerate the Monarch butterfly in the Americas. The extraordinary Monarch butterfly migrates 4 000 km from North to South America annually. Deforestation  pesticides  and climate change contributed to its inclusion on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species as of July 2022. These challenges are indicative of a larger problem  as 50% of butterflies have disappeared in the last 50 years due to these and other contributing factors.""We are thrilled to partner with WWF Mexico to safeguard and rejuvenate the exceptional Monarch Butterflies "" says Nicolas Beckers  CEO Americas at Rémy Cointreau. ""The butterfly's cause is intertwined with our purpose  as our spirits' exceptional aromas stems from quality terroirs  prompting us to allocate resources for preserving butterfly vitality  soils  and ecosystems.""The strategic alliance between Rémy Cointreau and WWF Mexico includes:Restoring Habitat by replanting over 80 000 trees  enhancing the density of the Monarchs' natural wintering forest in Mexico   and ensuring its gradual restoration. Recognizing the profound reliance of local communities on their environment  our long-term support is vital  as meaningful change takes time.by replanting over 80 000 trees  enhancing the density of the Monarchs' natural wintering forest in   and ensuring its gradual restoration. Recognizing the profound reliance of local communities on their environment  our long-term support is vital  as meaningful change takes time. Promoting Migration from Mexico to Canada   by establishing approximately twelve pollinator gardens to aid butterflies on their extensive migratory voyage.""Our unwavering commitment to the Monarch restoration project spans years."" says Nicolas Villa  Head of Corporate  WWF Mexico. ""The partnership with Rémy Cointreau Americas exemplifies our shared drive to be part of the solution  while being intrinsically connected to issues of biodiversity health.""This partnership with the WWF Mexico builds upon a series of existing initiatives by Rémy Cointreau group  including:100% of Rémy Cointreau's estates across the world are currently in conversion towards regenerative agriculture (including a significant reduction in the use of chemical intrants  limited tillage  and the deployment of cover cropping and hedge rows).(including a significant reduction in the use of chemical intrants  limited tillage  and the deployment of cover cropping and hedge rows). Maison Rémy Martin x l'Observatoire Agricole de la Biodiversité (OAB): Maison Rémy Martin and the OAB are engaging with a dozen winegrower partners to meticulously identify and document butterflies  earthworms  and bees  along with the evolution of farming practices.Maison Rémy Martin and the OAB are engaging with a dozen winegrower partners to meticulously identify and document butterflies  earthworms  and bees  along with the evolution of farming practices. The Botanist Foundation x Botanic Gardens Conservation International (BGCI): Over the years  the Botanist Foundation has invested in non-profit  environmental  educational and social initiatives on Islay (Scotland) and beyond. It is a charitable foundation that funds projects which further work in biodiversity and plant conservation. In addition to its own projects  the Foundation sponsors BGCI's Global Botanic Garden Fund  including the sponsorship of five botanical gardens in South Africa   Hawaii   Mexico   Italy and Uganda   that prove especially conducive for butterflies.About Rémy CointreauAll around the world  there are clients seeking exceptional experiences; clients for whom a wide range of terroirs means a variety of flavors. Their exacting standards are proportional to our expertise – the finely-honed skills that we pass down from generation to generation. The time these clients devote to drinking our products is a tribute to all those who have worked to develop them. It is for these Men and Women that Rémy Cointreau  a family-owned French Group  protects its terroirs  cultivates exceptional multi-centenary spirits and undertakes to preserve their eternal modernity. The Group's portfolio includes 14 singular brands  such as the Rémy Martin and Louis XIII cognacs  and Cointreau liqueur. Rémy Cointreau has a single ambition: becoming the world leader in exceptional spirits. To this end  it relies on the commitment and creativity of its 2 021 employees and on its distribution subsidiaries established in the Group's strategic markets. Rémy Cointreau is listed on Euronext Paris.About WWFWWF (World Wide Fund for Nature) is an independent conservation organization  with over 30 million followers and a global network active in nearly 100 countries. Our mission is to stop the degradation of the planet's natural environment and to build a future in which people live in harmony with nature  by conserving the world's biological diversity  ensuring that the use of renewable natural resources is sustainable  and promoting the reduction of pollution and wasteful consumption. Visit panda.org/news for the latest news and media resources; follow us on Twitter @WWF_mediaSOURCE Rémy Cointreau; WWF Mexico",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.28,0.21,True,English,"['Rémy Cointreau Americas', 'WWF Mexico', 'Monarch butterflies', ""Monarchs' natural wintering forest"", 'Global Botanic Garden Fund', 'Maison Rémy Martin', 'Botanic Gardens Conservation International', 'Rémy Cointreau Americas', 'Rémy Cointreau group', 'The Butterfly Regeneration Program', 'twelve pollinator gardens', 'five botanical gardens', 'CSR transformation plan', 'external collaborative effort', 'IUCN Red List', 'other contributing factors', 'extensive migratory voyage', 'dozen winegrower partners', 'Louis XIII cognacs', 'non-profit, environmental, educational', 'family-owned French Group', ""spirits' exceptional aromas"", 'exceptional multi-centenary spirits', 'extraordinary Monarch butterfly', 'WWF México', 'Monarch restoration project', 'The Botanist Foundation', 'exceptional Monarch Butterflies', 'exceptional spirits', 'Cointreau liqueur', 'CEO Americas', 'plant conservation', 'The Group', 'exceptional experiences', 'non-profit organizations', 'butterfly vitality', 'gradual restoration', 'NEW YORK', 'Sustainable Exception', 'preservation efforts', 'production sites', 'South America', 'climate change', 'Threatened Species', 'larger problem', 'Nicolas Beckers', 'strategic alliance', 'profound reliance', 'local communities', 'long-term support', 'meaningful change', 'Nicolas Villa', 'existing initiatives', 'regenerative agriculture', 'significant reduction', 'chemical intrants', 'limited tillage', 'cover cropping', 'hedge rows', 'Observatoire Agricole', 'farming practices', 'social initiatives', 'charitable foundation', 'South Africa', 'wide range', 'exacting standards', 'honed skills', 'eternal modernity', '14 singular brands', 'single ambition', 'WWF Mexico', 'unwavering commitment', 'last 50 years', 'quality terroirs', 'world leader', 'biodiversity health', 'PRNewswire', 'internal', 'Credit', 'role', 'indicators', 'ecosystem', 'end-markets', 'partnership', 'scientific', 'context', 'North', 'Deforestation', 'pesticides', 'inclusion', 'July', 'challenges', 'cause', 'purpose', 'resources', 'soils', 'Habitat', '80,000 trees', 'density', 'time', 'Migration', 'Canada', 'Head', 'Corporate', 'drive', 'solution', 'issues', 'series', 'estates', 'conversion', 'deployment', 'Biodiversité', 'OAB', 'earthworms', 'bees', 'evolution', 'BGCI', 'Islay', 'Scotland', 'projects', 'addition', 'sponsorship', 'Hawaii', 'Italy', 'Uganda', 'clients', 'variety', 'flavors', 'expertise', 'products', 'tribute', 'Women', 'portfolio', 'creativity']",2023-10-03,2023-10-04,prnewswire.com
30993,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/phaxiam-receives-compliance-notice-nasdaq-200500634.html,PHAXIAM Receives Compliance Notice from Nasdaq,PHAXIAM Receives Compliance Notice from Nasdaq Lyon (France) et Cambridge (MA  US)  October 4  2023  at 10:05 pm CEST – PHAXIAM (Nasdaq & Euronext: PHXM)  today announced that it has received confirmation from Nasdaq that it has regained compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).,Phaxiam Therapeutics S.A.PHAXIAM Receives Compliance Notice from NasdaqLyon (France) et Cambridge (MA  US)  October 4  2023  at 10:05 pm CEST – PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Nasdaq & Euronext: PHXM)  today announced that it has received confirmation from Nasdaq that it has regained compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).With closing bid price of PHAXIAM’s American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) above $1.00 per ADS for the 10 consecutive business days from September 18 through September 29  2023  PHAXIAM has regained compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).On October 7  2022  PHAXIAM  formerly Erytech Pharma  had received notification from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC indicating that  based upon a closing bid price of less than $1.00 per ADS for the prior 30 consecutive business day period  the Company no longer satisfied Nasdaq’s rule on minimum bid price.On July 27  2023  PHAXIAM announced a 10-to-1 reverse share split of its shares and ADSs to cure this deficiency  and the reverse share and ADS splits were effected as of September 18  2023.With Nasdaq’s notice that the Company has regained compliance  this matter is now closed.About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the United States (ticker: PHXM) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.Story continuesFor more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.36,0.62,True,English,"['Compliance Notice', 'PHAXIAM', 'Nasdaq', 'prior 30 consecutive business day period', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'Dušan Orešanský', 'Arthur Rouillé Media Relations', '10-to-1 reverse share split', 'Phaxiam Therapeutics S.A.', '10 consecutive business days', 'closing bid price', 'minimum bid price', 'many serious infections', 'natural bacterial-killing viruses', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'Euronext regulated market', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Investor Relations', 'Erytech Pharma', 'innovative treatments', 'innovative approach', 'dangerous bacteria', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'Escherichia coli', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'United States', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Listing Rule', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'ADS splits', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Compliance Notice', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'CEST', 'PHXM', 'confirmation', 'ADSs', 'September', 'October', 'notification', 'July', 'deficiency', 'matter', 'phages', 'portfolio', 'two-thirds', 'ticker', 'Paris', 'part', 'Story', 'information', 'Contacts', 'COO', 'CFO', 'NewCap', 'Attachment', '10:05']",2023-10-04,2023-10-04,uk.finance.yahoo.com
30994,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-ie/money/other/aquila-european-renewables-makes-rare-debut-on-euronext-dublin-stock-exchange/ar-AA1hEJtz,Aquila European Renewables makes rare debut on Euronext Dublin stock exchange,Specialist renewable investor Aquila European Renewables PLC has added a listing on Euronext Dublin to its London Stock Exchange listing. The UK domiciled company invests in renewable energy technologies across continental Europe and the Republic of Ireland.,Specialist renewable investor Aquila European Renewables PLC has added a listing on Euronext Dublin to its London Stock Exchange listing. The UK domiciled company invests in renewable energy technologies across continental Europe and the Republic of Ireland.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin stock exchange', 'Aquila European Renewables', 'rare debut', 'Aquila European Renewables PLC', 'London Stock Exchange listing', 'Specialist renewable investor', 'UK domiciled company', 'renewable energy technologies', 'Euronext Dublin', 'continental Europe', 'The', 'Republic', 'Ireland']",2023-10-04,2023-10-04,msn.com
