UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32224,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,http://bitcoinist.com/hsbc-blockchain-platform-change-gold-trading-game/,How Banking Giant HSBC Is Using Blockchain Platform To Change The Gold Trading Game,HSBC Holdings Plc  one of the world’s leading bullion banks  has launched a blockchain-based platform to modernize the traditional and manual processes of the London gold market. The new platform tokenizes ownership of physical gold housed in HSBC’s London va…,HSBC Holdings Plc  one of the world’s leading bullion banks  has launched a blockchain-based platform to modernize the traditional and manual processes of the London gold market. The new platform tokenizes ownership of physical gold housed in HSBC’s London vault  offering a digital representation of gold bars for trading.A Modern Twist to Gold Trading: HSBC Tokenizes Physical GoldIn an interview  Mark Williamson  the Global Head of FX and Commodities Partnerships and Propositions at HSBC  disclosed that their innovative system employs distributed ledger technology. This “cutting-edge” system uses digital tokens to represent gold bars  facilitating seamless trade through HSBC’s single-dealer platform.However  HSBC is not the first to venture into using blockchain for simplifying gold investment. In 2016  crypto startup Paxos collaborated with Euroclear to create a blockchain-based settlement service for the London bullion market trades. Although their partnership dissolved a year later  Paxos continued to provide Pax Gold  a digital token backed by physical gold  currently holding a market value of $479 million  according to recent data.HSBC stands out in this field due to its substantial footprint and impact on the bullion market. Being one of the biggest custodians of precious metals and one of the four clearing members in the London gold market  HSBC plays a crucial role in a sector that witnesses over $30 billion worth of gold transactions daily.Bringing Blockchain to the Bullion: A Step Towards ModernizationDespite the London gold market’s vast size  with approximately 698 000 gold bars valued at $525 billion stored in the Greater London area  it remains heavily reliant on outdated manual record-keeping and operates entirely over the counter. HSBC’s blockchain platform aims to simplify and streamline this process  providing clients with an easier way to track their gold ownership down to the serial number of each bar.HSBC’s tokenized system is designed to enhance accessibility and efficiency  with one token equivalent to 0.001 troy ounces  compared to the standard 400 troy ounces for a London gold bar. While the initial focus is on institutional investors  the platform has the potential for future adaptation to enable direct investment in physical gold by retail investors  subject to local regulatory approval.This initiative is part of HSBC’s broader efforts to integrate blockchain technology across its operations  including HSBC Orion  an existing platform for issuing and storing digital bonds. As the financial industry witnesses an uptick in blockchain-based applications from major institutions like JPMorgan Chase & Co.  Euroclear  and Goldman Sachs Group Inc.  the market is poised to see whether these innovations will be embraced at scale and deliver the promised enhancements to the traditional financial infrastructure.As Bitcoinist reported  HSBC’s integration of blockchain technology for gold trading taps into the burgeoning tokenized assets industry  which is predicted to reach a staggering $16 trillion by 2030. The industry’s rapid evolution and promise have positioned certain cryptocurrencies for potentially astronomical growth.The XRP Ledger ecosystem is pioneering in the tokenized assets space  aiming to transform real-world assets  including real estate  into digital form. Ripple’s ongoing collaborations with global banks to explore practical applications for central bank digital currencies (CBDCs) further solidify XRP’s presence in this domain.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Banking Giant HSBC', 'Gold Trading Game', 'Blockchain Platform', 'The', 'Goldman Sachs Group Inc.', 'central bank digital currencies', 'The XRP Ledger ecosystem', 'burgeoning tokenized assets industry', 'London bullion market trades', 'four clearing members', 'Greater London area', 'local regulatory approval', 'tokenized assets space', 'distributed ledger technology', 'outdated manual record-keeping', 'blockchain-based settlement service', 'leading bullion banks', 'crypto startup Paxos', 'standard 400 troy ounces', 'London gold market', 'traditional financial infrastructure', 'London gold bar', 'HSBC Holdings Plc', 'London vault', 'tokenized system', '0.001 troy ounces', 'real-world assets', 'financial industry', 'market value', 'manual processes', 'global banks', 'blockchain-based applications', 'physical gold', 'gold bars', 'gold investment', 'Pax Gold', 'gold transactions', 'blockchain-based platform', 'digital representation', 'digital tokens', 'digital bonds', 'digital form', 'Modern Twist', 'Mark Williamson', 'Global Head', 'Commodities Partnerships', 'innovative system', 'cutting-edge” system', 'seamless trade', 'recent data', 'substantial footprint', 'biggest custodians', 'precious metals', 'crucial role', '$30 billion worth', 'Step Towards', 'vast size', 'easier way', 'serial number', 'one token', 'initial focus', 'institutional investors', 'future adaptation', 'direct investment', 'retail investors', 'broader efforts', 'major institutions', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'rapid evolution', 'astronomical growth', 'real estate', 'ongoing collaborations', 'practical applications', 'blockchain technology', 'Gold Trading', 'new platform', 'single-dealer platform', 'existing platform', 'gold ownership', 'blockchain platform', 'HSBC Orion', 'interview', 'FX', 'Propositions', 'Euroclear', 'field', 'impact', 'sector', 'Modernization', 'counter', 'clients', 'accessibility', 'efficiency', 'potential', 'initiative', 'operations', 'uptick', 'Co.', 'innovations', 'scale', 'enhancements', 'Bitcoinist', 'integration', 'promise', 'cryptocurrencies', 'Ripple', 'CBDCs', 'presence', 'domain']",2023-11-02,2023-11-04,bitcoinist.com
32225,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773093/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-11-10BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3111  SE0007045745  2032-06-01 Bid date2023-11-10Bid......,Bid procedure  2023-11-10 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3111  SE0007045745  2032-06-01Bid date 2023-11-10 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 200 million SEK +/-200 million SEK3111: 200 million SEK +/-200 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 200 million SEK per bid3111: 200 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-11-14 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-11-03This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'Swedish language version', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'securities settlement system', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'Bonds SWEDEN', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '200 million SEK', 'allocation time', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'CEST', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32226,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOUND-ENERGY-PLC-12293093/news/Sound-Energy-Notice-of-Meeting-to-Noteholders-45237345/,Sound Energy : Notice of Meeting to Noteholders -November 03  2023 at 09:46 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   THIS NOTICE IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES THE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION OF NOTEHOLDERS. IF NOTEHOLDERS ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION THEY SHOULD TAKE  THEY SHOULD SEEK THEIR OWN FINANCIAL AND LEGAL ADVICE  INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF ANY TAX CO…,"THIS NOTICE IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES THE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION OF NOTEHOLDERS. IF NOTEHOLDERS ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION THEY SHOULD TAKE  THEY SHOULD SEEK THEIR OWN FINANCIAL AND LEGAL ADVICE  INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES  IMMEDIATELY FROM THEIR BROKER  BANK MANAGER  SOLICITOR  ACCOUNTANT OR OTHER INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL  TAX OR LEGAL ADVISER. Sound Energy plc (incorporated under the laws of England and Wales) (the ""Issuer"") NOTICE OF MEETING to eligible holders of its outstanding EUR 28 800 000 5.0 per cent. Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (XS1434582885) (the ""Notes"") NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a meeting (the ""Meeting"") of the holders of the Notes (the ""Noteholders"") convened by the Issuer will be held at the offices of Fieldfisher LLP at Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London  EC4R 3TT on 20 November 2023 (the ""Meeting Date"")  access to which for Noteholders that wish to attend in person or appoint a proxy (other than the Information and Tabulation Agent or the Registrar) will be granted only via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request  for the purpose of considering and  if thought fit  passing the resolutions set out below  which will be proposed as an Extraordinary Resolution at the Meeting in accordance with the provisions of the conditions and the trust deed dated 21 June 2016  as amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the ""Trust Deed"")  made between the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as trustee (the ""Trustee""). The Meeting will commence at 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Meeting Date. Unless the context otherwise requires  capitalised terms used but not defined in this Notice shall have the meaning given in the Trust Deed  the terms and conditions of the Notes (the ""Conditions"") or the Extraordinary Resolution  as applicable. EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION IN RESPECT OF THE EUR 28 800 000 5.0 PER CENT. SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2027 (ISIN: XS1434582885) ""THAT this Meeting of the holders (together  the ""Noteholders"") of the presently outstanding EUR 28 800 000 5.0 per cent. Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the ""Notes"") of Sound Energy plc (the ""Issuer"")  issued with the benefit of a trust deed dated 21 June 2016 (the ""Trust Deed"") and made between the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as trustee (the ""Trustee""): 1. assents to  and sanctions  and directs and empowers the Trustee to agree to the following modifications of Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) and the deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety by way of a supplemental trust deed which  subject to the terms hereof  will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee (the ""Supplemental Trust Deed""): Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) is replaced in its entirety as follows: ""The Notes bear interest from and including 21 June 2016 (the ""Issue Date"") at the rate of (i) 5.0 per cent. per annum with respect to the Interest Periods beginning on 21 June 2016 and ending on (but excluding) 21 June 2021; and (ii) 5.0 per cent. per annum with respect to the Interest Periods beginning on 21 June 2021 and ending on (but excluding) 21 December 2027  of which 40.0 per cent. will be payable quarterly in arrears on 21 March  21 June  21 September and 21 December  in each year (each an ""Interest Payment Date"")  beginning on 21 June 2021  and 60.0 per cent. shall be rolled-up (the ""Deferred Interest"") and payable on the redemption of the Notes  subject as provided in Condition 6 (Payments).The accrued Deferred Interest shall not accrue interest  be included in any calculations for the purposes of this Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) or be added to the principal amount of the Notes. Each period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an ""Interest Period"")."" Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) is deleted in its entirety; irrevocably authorises  directs  requests and empowers the Issuer and the Trustee to execute the Supplemental Trust Deed; irrevocably authorises  directs  requests and empowers the Issuer and the Trustee to execute  deliver (if applicable) and to do all such other deeds  instruments  acts and things as may be necessary  desirable or expedient in their sole opinion to carry out and to give effect to this Extraordinary Resolution and the implementation of the modifications and arrangements referred to in this Extraordinary Resolution  including but not limited to making any consequential amendments necessary or desirable to any document in respect of the Notes or terminate any such document  agreement or arrangement to provide for such modifications and arrangements and acknowledge that any such steps will not subsequently be called into question by the Noteholders; sanctions every abrogation  modification  amendment  compromise or arrangement in respect of the rights of the Noteholders appertaining to the Notes against the Issuer  whether or not such rights arise under the Conditions  the Trust Deed  the Agency Agreement or the global certificate relating to the Notes or otherwise  in each case involved in  resulting from or to be effected by the amendments to Condition 5.1 ( Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates ) and the deletion of Condition 5.5 ( Amortisation payments ) in its entirety as set out in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Extraordinary Resolution; discharges and exonerates the Trustee from any and all liability for which it may have become or may become liable under the Trust Deed or otherwise in respect of any act or omission including  without limitation  in connection with this Extraordinary Resolution or its implementation and any act or omission taken in connection with this Extraordinary Resolution or its implementation even though there may be a defect in the giving of this direction or the passing of this Extraordinary Resolution or that for any reason the direction or the Extraordinary Resolution or any of them is not valid or binding on the Noteholders and each Noteholder further confirms that Noteholders will not seek to hold the Trustee liable for any such liability; agrees and undertakes fully and effectively to indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee from and against all liability which may be suffered or incurred by the Trustee as a result of any claims  actions  demands or proceedings brought or established (including legal fees) which the Trustee may suffer or incur which in any case arise as a result of the Trustee acting in accordance with this Extraordinary Resolution and the Trust Deed; waives irrevocably any claim Noteholders may have against the Trustee as a result of any liability they may suffer or incur as a result of acting upon this Extraordinary Resolution (including but not limited to circumstances where it is subsequently found that this Extraordinary Resolution is not valid or binding); confirms that the Noteholders have formed their own view in relation to the actions contemplated under the Supplemental Trust Deed without any reliance on the Trustee; acknowledges that the Trustee is not required to request or receive any legal opinions in respect of the proposals set out in this Extraordinary Resolution or their implementation; and acknowledges that the following terms  as used in this Extraordinary Resolution  shall have the meanings given below:"" Conditions "" means the terms and conditions of the Notes;"" Consent Solicitation "" means the invitation by the Issuer to all Noteholders to consent to this Extraordinary Resolution;"" Consent Solicitation Memorandum "" means the consent solicitation memorandum dated 3 November 2023 prepared by the Issuer in relation to  among other things  the Consent Solicitation.DETAILS OF THE PROPOSALS If the Proposal is approved by the Noteholders  the proposed deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) will take effect on the Implementation Date being the date on which the Issuer and the Trustee will enter into the Supplemental Trust Deed. Deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) It is proposed that Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) be deleted in its entirety and consequential amendments be made to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) by the Supplemental Trust Deed in order to make the amendments set out in the Extraordinary Resolution. The proposed deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) are set out under ""Consent Solicitation - Deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates)"" and in the Extraordinary Resolution. DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION The following documents (as applicable) are available  from the date of this Consent Solicitation Memorandum  for inspection from the Information and Tabulation Agent via the following website https://www.dfkingltd.com/Sound-Energyup to and including the date of the Meeting and at such Meeting: this Consent Solicitation Memorandum;the Notice;the Trust Deed  the supplemental trust deed dated 8 January 2018 and the supplemental trust deed dated 14 April 2021;the Agency Agreement; andthe current draft of the Supplemental Trust Deed. Any revised version of the draft Supplemental Trust Deed will be made available as described above and marked to indicate changes to the previous draft made available and will supersede the previous drafts of the Supplemental Trust Deed and Noteholders will be deemed to have notice of any such changes. Noteholders will be informed of amendments to the Supplemental Trust Deed by announcements released on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and on the RNS of the London Stock Exchange and via the relevant Clearing Systems. CONSENT SOLICITATION Subject to the offer and distribution restrictions set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  Noteholders may obtain  from the date of this Notice  a copy of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum from the Information and Tabulation Agent via the following website https://www.dfkingltd.com/Sound-Energy.SELLING RESTRICTIONS If the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and implemented in respect of the Notes  until the expiry of the period of 40 days after the date of the Supplemental Trust Deed  sales of the Notes may not be made in the United States or to U.S. persons unless made outside the United States pursuant to Rule 903 and 904 of Regulation S. GENERAL The attention of Noteholders is particularly drawn to the procedures for voting  quorum and other requirements for the passing of the Extraordinary Resolution at the Meeting or any meeting held following any adjournment of the Meeting  which are set out in ""Voting and Quorum"" below. Having regard to such requirements  Noteholders are strongly urged either to attend the Meeting via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request or to take steps to be represented at the Meeting (including by way of submitting Electronic Voting Instructions) as soon as possible. In light of the UK Government's response to the COVID-19 outbreak  the Issuer strongly encourages all Noteholders to submit their Electronic Voting Instructions or to make other arrangements to be represented or to vote at the Meeting in accordance with the Meeting Provisions via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request. Noteholders should note that attendance at the physical place of the meeting is not an option. VOTING AND QUORUM Noteholders who have submitted and not revoked (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) a valid Electronic Voting Instruction in respect of the Extraordinary Resolution by 10.00 a.m. (London Time) on 16 November 2023 (the ""Expiration Deadline"")  by which they will have given instructions for the appointment of the Information and Tabulation Agent by the Registrar as their proxy under a block voting instruction to vote in favour of or against (as specified in the relevant Electronic Voting Instruction) the Extraordinary Resolution at the Meeting (or any adjourned Meeting) need take no further action to be represented at the Meeting (or any such adjourned Meeting). Noteholders are advised to read the Consent Solicitation Memorandum for details of the process when submitting Electronic Voting Instructions. Noteholders who have not submitted or have submitted and subsequently revoked (in the limited circumstances in which such revocation is permitted) an Electronic Voting Instruction in respect of the Extraordinary Resolution should take note of the provisions set out below detailing how such Noteholders can attend or take steps to be represented at the Meeting via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request (references to which  for the purpose of such provisions  include  unless the context otherwise requires  any adjourned Meeting). Subject as set out below  the provisions governing the convening and holding of the Meeting are set out in schedule 3 ( Provisions for Noteholder Meetings ) to the Trust Deed  copies of which are available for inspection from the date of this Notice to the conclusion of the Meeting (or any adjourned Meeting) as referred to above. For the purposes of the Meeting  a "" Noteholder "" means a Direct Participant. The Notes are represented by a global certificate registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream  Luxembourg. For the purposes of this Notice  a "" Direct Participant "" means each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream  Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of the Notes.A Direct Participant or beneficial owner of Notes wishing to attend the Meeting in person via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request must produce (i) at the time of requesting the aforementioned Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID; and (ii) at the Meeting  a valid voting certificate issued by the Registrar relating to the Notes in respect of which it wishes to vote. Requests for a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID can be made by emailing Fieldfisher LLP at alex.campbell@fieldfisher.comNoteholders should note that attendance at the physical place of the meeting is not an option.A Direct Participant or beneficial owner of the Notes not wishing to attend and vote at the relevant Meeting in person via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID may either appoint as a proxy the person that it wishes to attend on its behalf via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request or the Direct Participant may (or the beneficial owner of theNotes may arrange for the relevant Direct Participant on its behalf to) give a voting instruction (by giving voting and blocking instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg (a ""Euroclear/Clearstream Instruction"") in accordance with the procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg  as applicable) requiring the Registrar to include the votes attributable to its Notes in a block voting instruction issued by the Registrar for the Meeting or any adjourned Meeting  in which case the Registrar shall appoint the Information and Tabulation Agent as proxy to attend and vote at such Meeting in accordance with such Direct Participant or beneficial owner's instructions. A proxy (other than the Information and Tabulation Agent) wishing to attend the Meeting in person via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request must produce (i) at the time of requesting the aforementioned Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID; and (ii) at the Meeting  a valid form of proxy issued by the Registrar relating to the Notes in respect of which it wishes to vote. Requests for a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID can be made by emailing Fieldfisher LLP at alex.campbell@fieldfisher.com Noteholders should note that attendance at the physical place of the meeting is not an option. A Direct Participant must request the relevant clearing system to block the relevant Notes in its account not later than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting in order to obtain voting certificates  appoint a proxy or give voting instructions in respect of the Meeting. In the case of Euroclear/Clearstream Instructions  such blocking instructions are part of the electronic instructions that must be given. Notes so blocked will not be released until the earlier of: the conclusion of the Meeting (or  if applicable  any adjourned Meeting); and (b) in respect of voting certificate(s) or forms of proxy  not less than 48 hours before the time for which the Meeting (or  if applicable  any adjourned Meeting) is convened  the surrender to the Registrar of such voting certificate(s) or forms of proxy and notification by the Registrar to the relevant clearing system of such surrender or the compliance in such any other manner with the rules of the relevant clearing system relating to such surrender; or in respect of block voting instructions  not less than 48 hours before the time for which the Meeting (or  if applicable  any adjourned Meeting) is convened  the notification in writing of any revocation of a Direct Participant's previous instructions to the Registrar  in which case such Notes shall  in accordance with the procedures of the relevant clearing system and with the agreement of the Registrar  cease to be held to its order or under its control. Noteholders should note that voting instructions (unless validly revoked) given and voting certificates obtained or forms of proxy or block voting instructions issued in respect of the Meeting shall remain valid for any adjourned Meeting. Quorum for MeetingThe quorum required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution (which is a "" Reserved Matter "" as defined in the Conditions) is one or more persons present holding or representing not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. If a quorum is not present within half an hour after the time appointed for the Meeting  the Meeting will be adjourned for: (i) not less than 13 clear days and not more than 42 clear days  and in each case at a place appointed by the Chairman and the Extraordinary Resolution will be considered at such adjourned Meeting (notice of which will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed). At the adjourned Meeting  one or more persons present and holding or representing not less than 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes will form a quorum. Notice of any adjourned Meeting shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original Meeting  save that ten clear days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the Meeting is to be resumed)  shall be sufficient and such notice shall contain the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes.Every question submitted to the Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. In case of equality of votes the Chairman shall have a casting vote. Unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded by the chairman  the Issuer  the Trustee or any Noteholder (whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented by him)  a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the Extraordinary Resolution.At the Meeting: (i) on a show of hands every Noteholder who (being an individual) is present in person or (being a corporation) is present by a representative or is a proxy shall have one vote; and (ii) on a poll every Noteholder who is so present in person or by proxy shall have one vote in respect of each EUR 100 000 or such other amount as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion stipulate  in principal amount of the Notes held or represented by such Noteholder. To be passed at the Meeting  the Extraordinary Resolution requires a majority in favour consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast. If passed  the Extraordinary Resolution will be binding on all Noteholders  whether or not present at the Meeting and whether or not voting. The Issuer shall give notice of the passing of the Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders within 14 days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the Extraordinary Resolution. This Notice is given by Sound Energy plc. Noteholders should contact the following for further information: The Information and Tabulation Agent D.F. King 65 Gresham Street London United Kingdom EC2V 7NQ Attention: Debt Team Tel: +44 207 920 9700 Consent Website:https://www.dfkingltd.com/Sound-Energy Email: SoundEnergy@dfkingltd.com Dated: 3 November 2023",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.49,0.49,True,English,"['Sound Energy', 'Notice', 'Meeting', 'Noteholders', 'November', '09:46', 'Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID', 'BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited', 'next Interest Payment Date', 'Sound Energy plc', 'Interest Payment Dates', 'supplemental trust deed', 'OTHER INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL', 'Senior Secured Notes', 'Issue Date', 'other deeds', 'Meeting Date', 'Interest Periods', 'Deferred Interest', 'Interest Rate', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'LEGAL ADVICE', 'BANK MANAGER', 'LEGAL ADVISER', 'Fieldfisher LLP', 'Riverbank House', '2 Swan Lane', 'EC4R 3TT', 'Tabulation Agent', 'Extraordinary Resolution', 'principal amount', 'sole opinion', 'consequential amendments', '5.0 per cent', '40.0 per cent', '60.0 per cent', 'Amortisation payments', 'TAX CONSEQUENCES', 'outstanding EUR', 'eligible holders', 'capitalised terms', 'following modifications', 'London time', 'NOTICE', 'NOTEHOLDERS', 'DOUBT', 'ACTION', 'RESPECT', 'THEIR', 'BROKER', 'SOLICITOR', 'ACCOUNTANT', 'laws', 'England', 'Wales', 'Issuer', 'offices', '20 November', 'access', 'person', 'proxy', 'Information', 'Registrar', 'request', 'purpose', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'conditions', '10.00 a', 'context', 'meaning', 'ISIN', 'benefit', '21 June', 'assents', 'sanctions', 'deletion', 'entirety', 'way', 'annum', '21 December', 'arrears', '21 March', '21 September', 'year', 'redemption', 'calculations', 'instruments', 'acts', 'things', 'effect', 'implementation', 'arrangements', 'document', 'agreement', 'steps', 'question', 'abrogation', 'compromise', 'rights']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32227,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CUSTODIAN-PROPERTY-INCOME-16113739/news/Custodian-Property-Income-REIT-Circular-to-Shareholders-and-Notice-of-General-Meeting-45238374/,Custodian Property Income REIT : Circular to Shareholders and Notice of General Meeting -November 03  2023 at 11:10 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to any matter referred to in this document or as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial advice immedia…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to any matter referred to in this document or as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial advice immediately from an independent financial adviser who is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (""FSMA"") if you are in the United Kingdom  or from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser if you are in a territory outside the United Kingdom. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your Ordinary Shares  please send this document at once to the purchaser or transferee or to the bank  stockbroker or other agent through whom or by whom the sale or transfer was made  for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. However  the distribution of this document in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe those restrictions. Any failure to comply with any of those restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Custodian Property Income REIT plc (a company incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with company number 8863271) Circular to Shareholders and Notice of General Meeting Notice of a general meeting of the Company to be held at 6th floor  Saddlers House  44 Gutter Lane  London EC2V 6BR  United Kingdom on 21 November 2023 at 9.30 a.m. is set out at the end of this document. If you would like to vote on the Resolution you may vote: by logging on to www.signalshares.com and following the instructions;by downloading the Shareholder app  LinkVote+  on Apple App Store or Google Play and following the instructions;by requesting a hard copy Form of Proxy directly from the Company's registrars  Link Group;in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service; orif you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform at www.proxymity.io. In order for a proxy appointment to be valid  you must ensure that you have recorded proxy details using one of the methods set out above by 9.30 a.m. on 17 November 2023. If you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 9.30 a.m. on 17 November 2023 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. Page 1TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM THE CHAIR 3 DEFINITIONS 6 NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING 7 Page 2LETTER FROM THE CHAIR CUSTODIAN PROPERTY INCOME REIT PLC (a company incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with company number 8863271) Directors: Registered Office: Alexander David MacLellan (Independent Non-Executive Chair) 1 New Walk Place Leicester Hazel Margaret Adam (Independent Non-Executive Director) LE16RU Malcolm Charles Cooper (Independent Non-Executive Director) Christopher Mackintosh Ireland (Independent Non-Executive Director) Ian Thomas Mattioli (Non-Executive Director) Elizabeth McMeikan (Senior Independent Non-Executive Director) 3 November 2023 Dear Shareholder  Introduction The Board has become aware that a continuation vote  required by the Company's Articles  was not proposed at its annual general meeting held on 1 September 2020 (the ""2020 AGM""). As a result  the Company has been advised that it should seek the approval of Shareholders to ratify this oversight. Background The Company's Articles of Association require that  at the seventh annual general meeting of the Company following the date of its incorporation  and at every seventh annual general meeting thereafter  there shall be proposed an ordinary resolution that the Company shall continue to be a closed-ended investment company holding and investing in properties (a ""Continuation Resolution""). If such Continuation Resolution is not passed  the Board shall  within three months of such meeting  convene a general meeting at which a special resolution shall be proposed to the members of the Company for the winding up of the Company and/or (ii) for the reconstruction of the Company (provided that such resolution for the reconstruction of the Company shall  if passed  provide an option to Shareholders to elect to realise their investment in the Company). The first Continuation Resolution should have been proposed at the 2020 AGM  being the seventh annual general meeting of the Company following the date of its incorporation on 27 January 2014. However  this was not brought to the attention of the Board and  as a result  such a Continuation Resolution was not proposed. The Company has been advised that  since not proposing a Continuation Resolution at the 2020 AGM constitutes a breach of the Articles  the Company should seek Shareholder approval to ratify this oversight. Accordingly  the purpose of this document is to convene a General Meeting to propose a Resolution  which will  if passed  release the Company and its directors (including those individuals that were directors at the time of the 2020 AGM) (together  the ""Relevant Directors"") from their historic obligation to propose a Continuation Vote at the 2020 AGM and ratify this breach of the Articles. The Continuation Resolution was overlooked during a period of strong performance by the Company relative to its peers and amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. Shareholders were not pressing for such a resolution at that time and the Board is not aware of any desire for a Continuation Resolution to be considered at this stage either. As a result  the Board is not proposing to put forward a replacement Continuation Resolution at this time. In accordance with the Articles  the next Continuation Resolution will be proposed at the seventh annual general meeting of the Company following the 2020 AGM  which is expected to be held in approximately four years. Page 3The Board has taken steps to ensure that the issue referred to in this document does not arise again in the future and is grateful for Shareholders' understanding in respect of this issue. General Meeting Notice of the General Meeting to be held at 6th floor  Saddlers House  44 Gutter Lane  London EC2V 6BR  United Kingdom at 9.30 a.m. on 21 November 2023 is set out at the end of this document. The Resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting will be proposed as a special resolution. A special resolution requires a majority of at least 75 per cent. of members entitled to vote and present in person or by proxy to vote in favour in order for it to be passed. All Shareholders are entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting. In accordance with the Articles  all Shareholders present in person or by proxy shall upon a show of hands have one vote and upon a poll shall have one vote in respect of each Ordinary Share held. In order to ensure that a quorum is present at the General Meeting  it is necessary for two Shareholders entitled to vote to be present  whether in person or by proxy (or  if a corporation  by a representative). If you would like to vote on the Resolution  please do so as soon as possible and  in any event  by not later than 9.30 a.m. on 17 November 2023. Please refer to section below headed ""Action to be taken in respect of the General Meeting"" and the instructions set out in the Notice for details of how to vote. Action to be taken in respect of the General Meeting You are entitled to appoint one or more proxies to vote at the General Meeting on your behalf. Please submit your proxy vote as soon as possible and  in any event  so as to be received by not later than 9.30 a.m. on 17 November 2023. You will not receive a hard copy Form of Proxy for the General Meeting in the post. Instead  you may submit your vote by electronic means by lodging your proxy appointment electronically using the Shareholder portal 'Signal Shares' at signalshares.com. If not already registered for Signal Shares  you will need your Investor Code which can be found on your share certificate or dividend voucher. You can also vote by downloading the Shareholder app  LinkVote+  on the Apple App Store or Google Play and following the instructions. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST manual and in accordance with the instructions set out in the notes to this Notice. If you are an institutional investor  you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 9.30 a.m. on 17 November 2023 in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours (excluding any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. An electronic proxy appointment via the Proxymity platform may be revoked completely by sending an authenticated message via the platform instructing the removal of your proxy vote. You are strongly encouraged to exercise your proxy vote online as indicated above. However  if you would like to receive a hardcopy Form of Proxy  please contact the Company's Registrars  Link Group (please refer to notes 13-16 in the notes to the Notice). Recipients of this document who are the beneficial owners of Ordinary Shares held through a nominee should follow the instructions provided by their nominee or their professional adviser if no instructions have been provided. Further details are set out in the Notice at the end of this document. Page 4Recommendation The Directors consider that the Resolution is in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly  the Directors unanimously recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of the resolution. The Directors intend to vote in favour of the Resolution in respect of their holdings of Ordinary Shares (including those held by spouses and charitable trusts under their control)  amounting to 6 249 776 Ordinary Shares in aggregate (representing approximately 1.4 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this document). In accordance with current best practice and to ensure voting accurately reflects the views of Shareholders  it will be proposed at the General Meeting that voting on the Resolution will be conducted by poll vote rather than by a show of hands and the relevant procedures will be explained at the meeting. If the Resolution is not passed  the Board will consider further proposals to put to Shareholders. On behalf of the Board  thank you for your continued support of the Company. Yours faithfully David MacLellan (Chair) Page 5DEFINITIONS In this document the words and expressions listed below have the meanings set out opposite them  except where the context otherwise requires: ""2020 AGM"" means the annual general meeting of the Company held on 1 September 2020 ""Articles"" means the articles of association of the Company ""Companies Act"" means the Companies Act 2006  as amended from time to time ""Company"" means Custodian Property Income REIT plc ""Continuation Resolution"" means an ordinary resolution proposed in accordance with article 49.1 of the Articles that the Company shall continue to be a closed-ended investment company holding and investing in properties ""CREST"" means the relevant system as defined in the CREST Regulations in respect of which Euroclear is the operator (as defined in the CREST Regulations) in accordance with which securities may be held in uncertificated form ""CREST Regulations"" means the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001 No. 2001/3755)  as amended ""Directors"" or ""Board"" means the board of directors of the Company ""Euroclear"" means Euroclear UK & International Limited ""Form of Proxy"" means a form of proxy for use by Shareholders in connection with the General Meeting ""General Meeting"" means the general meeting of the Company to be held at 6th floor  Saddlers House  44 Gutter Lane  London EC2V 6BR  United Kingdom at 9.30 a.m. on 21 November 2023 for the purpose of approving the Resolution ""Link Group"" is a trading name of Link Market Services Limited ""Non-CREST Shareholders"" means Shareholders holding Ordinary Shares in certificated form ""Ordinary Shares"" means ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company ""Relevant Directors"" means the current directors of the Company and those persons that were directors of the Company at the time of the 2020 AGM ""Resolution"" means the special resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting ""Shareholder"" means a holder of Ordinary Shares Page 6NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING Custodian Property Income REIT plc (a company incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with company number 8863271) Notice is hereby given that a General Meeting of Custodian Property Income REIT plc (the ""Company"") will be held at 6th floor  Saddlers House  44 Gutter Lane  London EC2V 6BR  United Kingdom at 9.30 a.m. on 21 November 2023 to consider and  if thought fit  approve the following resolution as a special resolution: SPECIAL RESOLUTION THAT: the Company  together with the current directors of the Company and those persons that were directors of the Company at the time of the 2020 AGM (together  the "" Relevant Directors "")  be and are hereby released from any obligation under article 49.1 of the Articles to propose a Continuation Resolution at the 2020 AGM (and any attendant resolution arising by virtue of the Continuation Resolution not having been proposed); and the absence of a Continuation Resolution at the 2020 AGM (and any attendant resolution arising by virtue of the Continuation Resolution not having been proposed) be and is hereby generally and unconditionally ratified and the Company and the Relevant Directors be and are hereby released from any liability in connection therewith. Unless otherwise defined herein  capitalised terms used in this notice shall have the same meaning given to them in the circular to shareholders dated 3 November 2023 of which this notice forms part. By Order of the Board Registered Office: Ed Moore 1 New Walk Place Company Secretary Leicester Dated: 3 November 2023 LE1 6RU Page 7Notes: Entitlement to vote 1. Only those Shareholders registered in the Company's register of members at: close of business on 17 November 2023; orif this meeting is adjourned  at close of business  two days prior to the date of the adjourned meeting; shall be entitled to submit their vote by proxy before the meeting. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote. Attending the meeting 2. If you wish to attend the meeting in person  please arrive at 6th floor  Saddlers House  44 Gutter Lane  London EC2V 6BR  United Kingdom by 9.30 a.m. on 21 November 2023 for registration. For shareholders with special needs  please advise Ed Moore at 1 New Walk Place  Leicester  LE1 6RU in advance of the meeting. Appointment of proxies 3. If you are a Shareholder who is entitled to vote  you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise your right to vote. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes. A proxy or proxies may be appointed by: appointing a proxy using the internet (see note 8) by downloading the new Shareholder app  LinkVote+  on the Apple App Store or Google Play and following the instructions (see note 8) or if you are an institutional investor using Proxymity (see note 8) through CREST electronic proxy appointment service (see notes 9-12) You are strongly encouraged to exercise your proxy vote online as indicated above. However  if you would like to receive a hardcopy Form of Proxy  please contact the Company's Registrar  Link Group (see notes 13-16 below). If you are not a member of the Company but you have been nominated by a member of the Company to enjoy information rights  you do not have a right to appoint any proxies under the procedures set out in this ""Appointment of proxies"" section. Please read note 29 (""Nominated persons"") below. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder of the Company but must attend the meeting to represent you. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at the meeting you will need to appoint your own choice of proxy (not the Chair) and give your instructions directly to them. Appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending the meeting and voting in person. If you have appointed a proxy and attend the meeting and vote in person  your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If you either select the ""Discretion"" option or if no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the meeting (including  without limitation  any resolution to adjourn the meeting or any resolution to amend a resolution proposed at the meeting). Page 8Appointment of proxies to vote electronically through the internet 8. You can direct your proxy to vote online at signalshares.com. You will require your username and password in order to log in and vote. If you have not previously registered to use the Shareholder Portal  you will require your Investor Code (IVC) which can be found on your share certificate or dividend voucher  or by contacting Link Group at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or by calling on 0371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Link Group are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. To be valid a proxy lodged online must be lodged no later than 9.30 a.m. on 17 November 2023  being not less than 48 hours (excluding non-business days) before the time appointed for the holding of the General Meeting or any adjourned meeting. You can also vote by downloading the new Shareholder app  LinkVote+  on the Apple App Store or Google Play and following the instructions. Link Group  the company's registrar  has launched a shareholder app: LinkVote+. It's free to download and use and gives shareholders the ability to access their shareholding record at any time and allows users to submit a proxy appointment quickly and easily online rather than through the post. The app is available to download on both the Apple App Store and Google Play  or by scanning the relevant QR code below. Apple App Store GooglePlay Or if you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 9.30 a.m. on 17 November 2023 in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. An electronic proxy appointment via the Proxymity platform may be revoked completely by sending an authenticated message via the platform instructing the removal of your proxy vote. Appointment of proxies electronically through CREST CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies for the meeting (or any adjournment of it) through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual on the Euroclear website at euroclear.com. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a "" CREST Proxy Instruction"" ) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK and International Limited's specifications  and must contain the information required for such instruction  as described in the CREST Manual (available at euroclear.com). The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or is an Page 9",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Custodian Property Income REIT', 'General Meeting', 'Circular', 'Shareholders', 'Notice', 'November', '11:10', '1 New Walk Place Leicester Hazel Margaret Adam', 'CHAIR CUSTODIAN PROPERTY INCOME REIT PLC', 'CREST electronic proxy appointment service', 'LE16RU Malcolm Charles Cooper', 'seventh annual general meeting', 'Senior Independent Non-Executive Director', 'Independent Non-Executive Chair', 'London EC2V 6BR', 'hard copy Form', 'Alexander David MacLellan', 'Christopher Mackintosh Ireland', 'Ian Thomas Mattioli', 'independent financial adviser', 'Apple App Store', 'General Meeting Notice', 'first Continuation Resolution', 'electronic appointment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'CHAIR 3 DEFINITIONS', 'CREST members', 'financial advice', 'Financial Services', 'Shareholder app', 'continuation vote', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'Ordinary Shares', 'other agent', 'securities laws', 'Companies Act', '6th floor', 'Saddlers House', '44 Gutter Lane', 'Google Play', 'Link Group', 'institutional investor', 'associated terms', 'Registered Office', 'Elizabeth McMeikan', 'Dear Shareholder', 'three months', 'winding up', 'ordinary resolution', 'special resolution', 'proxy details', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'CONTENTS LETTER', 'Proxymity platform', 'company number', '6 NOTICE', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'matter', 'action', 'FSMA', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'stockbroker', 'sale', 'delivery', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'England', 'Wales', 'Circular', 'Shareholders', '21 November', '9.30 a', 'www', 'signalshares', 'instructions', 'LinkVote', 'registrars', 'case', 'order', 'methods', '17 November', 'process', 'information', 'conditions', 'Page', 'TABLE', 'Directors', 'Introduction', 'Board', 'Articles', '1 September', '2020 AGM', 'result', 'approval', 'oversight', 'Background', 'Association', 'date', 'incorporation', 'properties', 'reconstruction', 'option', '27 January']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32228,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/nfl-streaming-outage-antenna-backup/,NFL streaming outage is a reminder that antenna backups are easy,The next time the stream of your live sports broadcast goes down  you'll wish you had an old-school antenna for backup.,Being able to stream any given Sunday’s NFL games is very much a first-world luxury. But it quickly turns into a first-world problem if and when streams go down — especially if you subscribe to NFL Sunday Ticket  which is only available on YouTube and YouTube TV. (Which  for all intents and purposes  are pretty much the same thing.)That was plenty apparent on October 29  when the Google-owned entities suffered a bit of a breakdown  leading to buffering and low resolution for much of the early and afternoon games. (And led to cries for refunds or credits. But don’t hold your breath for either.)Recommended VideosThere’s not a whole lot that can be done when it comes to NFL Sunday Ticket. You’re left to dance with the one who brung ya. But if all you want to watch is the game that’s being broadcast in your region  you have a relatively inexpensive option when it comes to a backup method of viewing: An old-fashioned (yet still very much modern) over-the-air antenna.Those of us of a certain age can remember when antennas used to be the only method by which we could watch television. Maybe it was the “rabbit ears” era  with the antenna attached to the television itself. Or maybe you had some large aerial attached to the house  with a coaxial cable running inside to connect to the tuner in your television.Things have changed a lot since then. But the old ways still work  and they’re wonders for giving yourself a bit of a backup and a little piece of mind when it comes to being able to watch something should the (relative) worst happen and your streaming service of choice go down.How to use an antenna as a backupThere are two main types of antenna available today — indoors  and outdoors. The former tend to be smaller and often can be affixed to a window  or even a wall. The latter may be bigger and can be mounted on the side of your house  or chimney.No matter which way you go  the basic principle is this: Higher is better. Outdoors is better. Things may work indoors  and relatively at ground level. But we’re talking about pulling signals out of the air  so the closer you can get to them without any obstruction — be it pipes in a wall if you’re indoors  or entire houses  buildings or trees or hills and mountains if you’re outdoors — the better.Something else you need to figure out at the same time is the direction your antenna should be pointed. There are all kinds of online tools for that — just search something like “TV antenna direction.” But for our example here  we’ll point you to the FCC’s DTV reception map tool. I type in my ZIP code and click on a broadcast channel  and the tool shows me where the towers are located. Most of mine are to the west-northwest  so that’s the direction I want my antenna to face. That’s not to say that you won’t get any channels if it’s just not possible to line things up — that’ll depend on signal strength  too — but it’s definitely recommended to aim as closely as you can.Also  note that you might want to experiment a little before you set things up permanently. Once you’ve got everything connected  run a channel scan  and note how many channels you’re receiving. Then maybe move things in a different direction and repeat the process  and make sure you’re getting everything you want or need to get. I had an instance where I was getting my local ABC  NBC  and CBS channels just fine  but Fox wasn’t coming through. I readjusted things a bit  and suddenly Fox appeared. (This also is an instance in which you might find a large difference between an indoor and outdoor antenna.)What’s all this going to cost?You can spend as much or as little as you want here. But the good news is that  unlike a streaming subscription  this probably will be a one-time expense.At the very least  you’ll need an antenna. You can get something for indoors for as low as $20 on Amazon. Nothing wrong with that — especially if it gets you the channels you want. There are loads of antennas out there  but the ClearStream Eclipse is one I’ve used indoors in the past. You’ll probably spend a little more money for a decent outdoor antenna — I’ve used the ClearStream 2Max in that case. Again  though  these are one-time costs that you can amortize over how long you use them. (And my current antenna has been up for years.)Depending on your setup and where your TV lives  you might need to invest in a little extra coax cable. But any good antenna should come with an amplifier.And if that’s all you want to do  you can just rig up the antenna and plug it into your TV  scan for channels  and call it a day.But if you want to get a little nerdy  you can plug your antenna into a box from HDHomeRun or Tablo  and then use their apps to allow most any modern device in your home to watch the feed from that single antenna. That goes for TVs as well as mobile devices. So you’re not just limited to your single antenna feed on a single television. Again  that’s a one-time cost (I tend to never use any subscription option those products may push  like extended live guides)  so you can pretend to spread it out over the months and years. And there are options for recording shows either locally  or in the cloud.Wait — why am I doing this?Look  none of this is easier than streaming. I’ve used YouTube TV for as long as I can. But I’ve also had an antenna-based backup solution for a couple of reasons. One is that sometimes streaming goes down. (Welcome to the future.) Another reason is that I live in an area where hurricanes are a real threat. And while we haven’t had one in a few years (knock on wood)  I want a way to get information that doesn’t rely on an internet connection.And so far  old-school broadcast TV — received via an over-the-air antenna — still works great via the old ATSC 1.0 standard. Yes  the industry is trying to push folks to ATSC 3.0  which can support 4K resolution (assuming the broad network also does 4K)  and also support more data in the stream — including advertising. But for now  there’s nothing wrong with just keeping things simple.It isn’t hard to do. And it doesn’t take too long to set up.And you’ll thank yourself later the next time your streaming solution stops working right as your team is about to score.Editors' Recommendations,positive,0.68,0.29,0.03,mixed,0.45,0.28,0.28,True,English,"['NFL streaming outage', 'antenna backups', 'reminder', 'DTV reception map tool', 'little extra coax cable', 'rabbit ears” era', 'two main types', 'extended live guides', 'NFL Sunday Ticket', 'decent outdoor antenna', 'single antenna feed', 'TV antenna direction', 'coaxial cable', 'NFL games', 'little piece', 'little nerdy', 'first-world luxury', 'first-world problem', 'same thing', 'Google-owned entities', 'low resolution', 'afternoon games', 'Recommended Videos', 'inexpensive option', 'large aerial', 'old ways', 'streaming service', 'basic principle', 'ground level', 'entire houses', 'same time', 'online tools', 'ZIP code', 'broadcast channel', 'signal strength', 'channel scan', 'local ABC', 'large difference', 'good news', 'streaming subscription', 'one-time expense', 'ClearStream Eclipse', 'ClearStream 2Max', 'one-time costs', 'modern device', 'mobile devices', 'subscription option', 'different direction', 'current antenna', 'good antenna', 'single television', 'many channels', 'CBS channels', 'YouTube TV', 'air antenna', 'backup method', 'streams', 'intents', 'purposes', 'October', 'breakdown', 'buffering', 'early', 'cries', 'refunds', 'credits', 'breath', 'lot', 'region', 'fashioned', 'age', 'antennas', 'tuner', 'Things', 'wonders', 'mind', 'something', 'choice', 'former', 'window', 'wall', 'latter', 'side', 'chimney', 'Higher', 'Outdoors', 'signals', 'obstruction', 'pipes', 'buildings', 'trees', 'hills', 'mountains', 'kinds', 'example', 'FCC', 'towers', 'west-northwest', 'everything', 'process', 'instance', 'NBC', 'Fox', 'indoor', 'Amazon', 'loads', 'past', 'money', 'case', 'years', 'setup', 'amplifier', 'box', 'HDHomeRun', 'Tablo', 'apps', 'TVs', 'products', 'mont']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,digitaltrends.com
32229,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOUND-ENERGY-PLC-12293093/news/Sound-Energy-Notice-of-Meeting-to-Noteholders-45237345/,Sound Energy : Notice of Meeting to Noteholders -November 03  2023 at 09:46 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   THIS NOTICE IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES THE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION OF NOTEHOLDERS. IF NOTEHOLDERS ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION THEY SHOULD TAKE  THEY SHOULD SEEK THEIR OWN FINANCIAL AND LEGAL ADVICE  INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF ANY TAX CO…,"THIS NOTICE IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES THE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION OF NOTEHOLDERS. IF NOTEHOLDERS ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION THEY SHOULD TAKE  THEY SHOULD SEEK THEIR OWN FINANCIAL AND LEGAL ADVICE  INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES  IMMEDIATELY FROM THEIR BROKER  BANK MANAGER  SOLICITOR  ACCOUNTANT OR OTHER INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL  TAX OR LEGAL ADVISER. Sound Energy plc (incorporated under the laws of England and Wales) (the ""Issuer"") NOTICE OF MEETING to eligible holders of its outstanding EUR 28 800 000 5.0 per cent. Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (XS1434582885) (the ""Notes"") NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a meeting (the ""Meeting"") of the holders of the Notes (the ""Noteholders"") convened by the Issuer will be held at the offices of Fieldfisher LLP at Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London  EC4R 3TT on 20 November 2023 (the ""Meeting Date"")  access to which for Noteholders that wish to attend in person or appoint a proxy (other than the Information and Tabulation Agent or the Registrar) will be granted only via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request  for the purpose of considering and  if thought fit  passing the resolutions set out below  which will be proposed as an Extraordinary Resolution at the Meeting in accordance with the provisions of the conditions and the trust deed dated 21 June 2016  as amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the ""Trust Deed"")  made between the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as trustee (the ""Trustee""). The Meeting will commence at 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Meeting Date. Unless the context otherwise requires  capitalised terms used but not defined in this Notice shall have the meaning given in the Trust Deed  the terms and conditions of the Notes (the ""Conditions"") or the Extraordinary Resolution  as applicable. EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION IN RESPECT OF THE EUR 28 800 000 5.0 PER CENT. SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2027 (ISIN: XS1434582885) ""THAT this Meeting of the holders (together  the ""Noteholders"") of the presently outstanding EUR 28 800 000 5.0 per cent. Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the ""Notes"") of Sound Energy plc (the ""Issuer"")  issued with the benefit of a trust deed dated 21 June 2016 (the ""Trust Deed"") and made between the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as trustee (the ""Trustee""): 1. assents to  and sanctions  and directs and empowers the Trustee to agree to the following modifications of Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) and the deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety by way of a supplemental trust deed which  subject to the terms hereof  will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee (the ""Supplemental Trust Deed""): Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) is replaced in its entirety as follows: ""The Notes bear interest from and including 21 June 2016 (the ""Issue Date"") at the rate of (i) 5.0 per cent. per annum with respect to the Interest Periods beginning on 21 June 2016 and ending on (but excluding) 21 June 2021; and (ii) 5.0 per cent. per annum with respect to the Interest Periods beginning on 21 June 2021 and ending on (but excluding) 21 December 2027  of which 40.0 per cent. will be payable quarterly in arrears on 21 March  21 June  21 September and 21 December  in each year (each an ""Interest Payment Date"")  beginning on 21 June 2021  and 60.0 per cent. shall be rolled-up (the ""Deferred Interest"") and payable on the redemption of the Notes  subject as provided in Condition 6 (Payments).The accrued Deferred Interest shall not accrue interest  be included in any calculations for the purposes of this Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) or be added to the principal amount of the Notes. Each period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an ""Interest Period"")."" Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) is deleted in its entirety; irrevocably authorises  directs  requests and empowers the Issuer and the Trustee to execute the Supplemental Trust Deed; irrevocably authorises  directs  requests and empowers the Issuer and the Trustee to execute  deliver (if applicable) and to do all such other deeds  instruments  acts and things as may be necessary  desirable or expedient in their sole opinion to carry out and to give effect to this Extraordinary Resolution and the implementation of the modifications and arrangements referred to in this Extraordinary Resolution  including but not limited to making any consequential amendments necessary or desirable to any document in respect of the Notes or terminate any such document  agreement or arrangement to provide for such modifications and arrangements and acknowledge that any such steps will not subsequently be called into question by the Noteholders; sanctions every abrogation  modification  amendment  compromise or arrangement in respect of the rights of the Noteholders appertaining to the Notes against the Issuer  whether or not such rights arise under the Conditions  the Trust Deed  the Agency Agreement or the global certificate relating to the Notes or otherwise  in each case involved in  resulting from or to be effected by the amendments to Condition 5.1 ( Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates ) and the deletion of Condition 5.5 ( Amortisation payments ) in its entirety as set out in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Extraordinary Resolution; discharges and exonerates the Trustee from any and all liability for which it may have become or may become liable under the Trust Deed or otherwise in respect of any act or omission including  without limitation  in connection with this Extraordinary Resolution or its implementation and any act or omission taken in connection with this Extraordinary Resolution or its implementation even though there may be a defect in the giving of this direction or the passing of this Extraordinary Resolution or that for any reason the direction or the Extraordinary Resolution or any of them is not valid or binding on the Noteholders and each Noteholder further confirms that Noteholders will not seek to hold the Trustee liable for any such liability; agrees and undertakes fully and effectively to indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee from and against all liability which may be suffered or incurred by the Trustee as a result of any claims  actions  demands or proceedings brought or established (including legal fees) which the Trustee may suffer or incur which in any case arise as a result of the Trustee acting in accordance with this Extraordinary Resolution and the Trust Deed; waives irrevocably any claim Noteholders may have against the Trustee as a result of any liability they may suffer or incur as a result of acting upon this Extraordinary Resolution (including but not limited to circumstances where it is subsequently found that this Extraordinary Resolution is not valid or binding); confirms that the Noteholders have formed their own view in relation to the actions contemplated under the Supplemental Trust Deed without any reliance on the Trustee; acknowledges that the Trustee is not required to request or receive any legal opinions in respect of the proposals set out in this Extraordinary Resolution or their implementation; and acknowledges that the following terms  as used in this Extraordinary Resolution  shall have the meanings given below:"" Conditions "" means the terms and conditions of the Notes;"" Consent Solicitation "" means the invitation by the Issuer to all Noteholders to consent to this Extraordinary Resolution;"" Consent Solicitation Memorandum "" means the consent solicitation memorandum dated 3 November 2023 prepared by the Issuer in relation to  among other things  the Consent Solicitation.DETAILS OF THE PROPOSALS If the Proposal is approved by the Noteholders  the proposed deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) will take effect on the Implementation Date being the date on which the Issuer and the Trustee will enter into the Supplemental Trust Deed. Deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) It is proposed that Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) be deleted in its entirety and consequential amendments be made to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) by the Supplemental Trust Deed in order to make the amendments set out in the Extraordinary Resolution. The proposed deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates) are set out under ""Consent Solicitation - Deletion of Condition 5.5 (Amortisation payments) in its entirety and consequential amendments to Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates)"" and in the Extraordinary Resolution. DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION The following documents (as applicable) are available  from the date of this Consent Solicitation Memorandum  for inspection from the Information and Tabulation Agent via the following website https://www.dfkingltd.com/Sound-Energyup to and including the date of the Meeting and at such Meeting: this Consent Solicitation Memorandum;the Notice;the Trust Deed  the supplemental trust deed dated 8 January 2018 and the supplemental trust deed dated 14 April 2021;the Agency Agreement; andthe current draft of the Supplemental Trust Deed. Any revised version of the draft Supplemental Trust Deed will be made available as described above and marked to indicate changes to the previous draft made available and will supersede the previous drafts of the Supplemental Trust Deed and Noteholders will be deemed to have notice of any such changes. Noteholders will be informed of amendments to the Supplemental Trust Deed by announcements released on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and on the RNS of the London Stock Exchange and via the relevant Clearing Systems. CONSENT SOLICITATION Subject to the offer and distribution restrictions set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  Noteholders may obtain  from the date of this Notice  a copy of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum from the Information and Tabulation Agent via the following website https://www.dfkingltd.com/Sound-Energy.SELLING RESTRICTIONS If the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and implemented in respect of the Notes  until the expiry of the period of 40 days after the date of the Supplemental Trust Deed  sales of the Notes may not be made in the United States or to U.S. persons unless made outside the United States pursuant to Rule 903 and 904 of Regulation S. GENERAL The attention of Noteholders is particularly drawn to the procedures for voting  quorum and other requirements for the passing of the Extraordinary Resolution at the Meeting or any meeting held following any adjournment of the Meeting  which are set out in ""Voting and Quorum"" below. Having regard to such requirements  Noteholders are strongly urged either to attend the Meeting via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request or to take steps to be represented at the Meeting (including by way of submitting Electronic Voting Instructions) as soon as possible. In light of the UK Government's response to the COVID-19 outbreak  the Issuer strongly encourages all Noteholders to submit their Electronic Voting Instructions or to make other arrangements to be represented or to vote at the Meeting in accordance with the Meeting Provisions via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request. Noteholders should note that attendance at the physical place of the meeting is not an option. VOTING AND QUORUM Noteholders who have submitted and not revoked (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) a valid Electronic Voting Instruction in respect of the Extraordinary Resolution by 10.00 a.m. (London Time) on 16 November 2023 (the ""Expiration Deadline"")  by which they will have given instructions for the appointment of the Information and Tabulation Agent by the Registrar as their proxy under a block voting instruction to vote in favour of or against (as specified in the relevant Electronic Voting Instruction) the Extraordinary Resolution at the Meeting (or any adjourned Meeting) need take no further action to be represented at the Meeting (or any such adjourned Meeting). Noteholders are advised to read the Consent Solicitation Memorandum for details of the process when submitting Electronic Voting Instructions. Noteholders who have not submitted or have submitted and subsequently revoked (in the limited circumstances in which such revocation is permitted) an Electronic Voting Instruction in respect of the Extraordinary Resolution should take note of the provisions set out below detailing how such Noteholders can attend or take steps to be represented at the Meeting via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request (references to which  for the purpose of such provisions  include  unless the context otherwise requires  any adjourned Meeting). Subject as set out below  the provisions governing the convening and holding of the Meeting are set out in schedule 3 ( Provisions for Noteholder Meetings ) to the Trust Deed  copies of which are available for inspection from the date of this Notice to the conclusion of the Meeting (or any adjourned Meeting) as referred to above. For the purposes of the Meeting  a "" Noteholder "" means a Direct Participant. The Notes are represented by a global certificate registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream  Luxembourg. For the purposes of this Notice  a "" Direct Participant "" means each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream  Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of the Notes.A Direct Participant or beneficial owner of Notes wishing to attend the Meeting in person via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request must produce (i) at the time of requesting the aforementioned Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID; and (ii) at the Meeting  a valid voting certificate issued by the Registrar relating to the Notes in respect of which it wishes to vote. Requests for a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID can be made by emailing Fieldfisher LLP at alex.campbell@fieldfisher.comNoteholders should note that attendance at the physical place of the meeting is not an option.A Direct Participant or beneficial owner of the Notes not wishing to attend and vote at the relevant Meeting in person via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID may either appoint as a proxy the person that it wishes to attend on its behalf via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request or the Direct Participant may (or the beneficial owner of theNotes may arrange for the relevant Direct Participant on its behalf to) give a voting instruction (by giving voting and blocking instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg (a ""Euroclear/Clearstream Instruction"") in accordance with the procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg  as applicable) requiring the Registrar to include the votes attributable to its Notes in a block voting instruction issued by the Registrar for the Meeting or any adjourned Meeting  in which case the Registrar shall appoint the Information and Tabulation Agent as proxy to attend and vote at such Meeting in accordance with such Direct Participant or beneficial owner's instructions. A proxy (other than the Information and Tabulation Agent) wishing to attend the Meeting in person via a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID to be provided by Fieldfisher LLP upon request must produce (i) at the time of requesting the aforementioned Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID; and (ii) at the Meeting  a valid form of proxy issued by the Registrar relating to the Notes in respect of which it wishes to vote. Requests for a Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID can be made by emailing Fieldfisher LLP at alex.campbell@fieldfisher.com Noteholders should note that attendance at the physical place of the meeting is not an option. A Direct Participant must request the relevant clearing system to block the relevant Notes in its account not later than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting in order to obtain voting certificates  appoint a proxy or give voting instructions in respect of the Meeting. In the case of Euroclear/Clearstream Instructions  such blocking instructions are part of the electronic instructions that must be given. Notes so blocked will not be released until the earlier of: the conclusion of the Meeting (or  if applicable  any adjourned Meeting); and (b) in respect of voting certificate(s) or forms of proxy  not less than 48 hours before the time for which the Meeting (or  if applicable  any adjourned Meeting) is convened  the surrender to the Registrar of such voting certificate(s) or forms of proxy and notification by the Registrar to the relevant clearing system of such surrender or the compliance in such any other manner with the rules of the relevant clearing system relating to such surrender; or in respect of block voting instructions  not less than 48 hours before the time for which the Meeting (or  if applicable  any adjourned Meeting) is convened  the notification in writing of any revocation of a Direct Participant's previous instructions to the Registrar  in which case such Notes shall  in accordance with the procedures of the relevant clearing system and with the agreement of the Registrar  cease to be held to its order or under its control. Noteholders should note that voting instructions (unless validly revoked) given and voting certificates obtained or forms of proxy or block voting instructions issued in respect of the Meeting shall remain valid for any adjourned Meeting. Quorum for MeetingThe quorum required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution (which is a "" Reserved Matter "" as defined in the Conditions) is one or more persons present holding or representing not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. If a quorum is not present within half an hour after the time appointed for the Meeting  the Meeting will be adjourned for: (i) not less than 13 clear days and not more than 42 clear days  and in each case at a place appointed by the Chairman and the Extraordinary Resolution will be considered at such adjourned Meeting (notice of which will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed). At the adjourned Meeting  one or more persons present and holding or representing not less than 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes will form a quorum. Notice of any adjourned Meeting shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original Meeting  save that ten clear days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the Meeting is to be resumed)  shall be sufficient and such notice shall contain the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes.Every question submitted to the Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. In case of equality of votes the Chairman shall have a casting vote. Unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded by the chairman  the Issuer  the Trustee or any Noteholder (whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented by him)  a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the Extraordinary Resolution.At the Meeting: (i) on a show of hands every Noteholder who (being an individual) is present in person or (being a corporation) is present by a representative or is a proxy shall have one vote; and (ii) on a poll every Noteholder who is so present in person or by proxy shall have one vote in respect of each EUR 100 000 or such other amount as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion stipulate  in principal amount of the Notes held or represented by such Noteholder. To be passed at the Meeting  the Extraordinary Resolution requires a majority in favour consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast. If passed  the Extraordinary Resolution will be binding on all Noteholders  whether or not present at the Meeting and whether or not voting. The Issuer shall give notice of the passing of the Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders within 14 days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the Extraordinary Resolution. This Notice is given by Sound Energy plc. Noteholders should contact the following for further information: The Information and Tabulation Agent D.F. King 65 Gresham Street London United Kingdom EC2V 7NQ Attention: Debt Team Tel: +44 207 920 9700 Consent Website:https://www.dfkingltd.com/Sound-Energy Email: SoundEnergy@dfkingltd.com Dated: 3 November 2023",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.49,0.49,True,English,"['Sound Energy', 'Notice', 'Meeting', 'Noteholders', 'November', '09:46', 'Microsoft Teams video conference meeting ID', 'BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited', 'next Interest Payment Date', 'Sound Energy plc', 'Interest Payment Dates', 'supplemental trust deed', 'OTHER INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL', 'Senior Secured Notes', 'Issue Date', 'other deeds', 'Meeting Date', 'Interest Periods', 'Deferred Interest', 'Interest Rate', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'LEGAL ADVICE', 'BANK MANAGER', 'LEGAL ADVISER', 'Fieldfisher LLP', 'Riverbank House', '2 Swan Lane', 'EC4R 3TT', 'Tabulation Agent', 'Extraordinary Resolution', 'principal amount', 'sole opinion', 'consequential amendments', '5.0 per cent', '40.0 per cent', '60.0 per cent', 'Amortisation payments', 'TAX CONSEQUENCES', 'outstanding EUR', 'eligible holders', 'capitalised terms', 'following modifications', 'London time', 'NOTICE', 'NOTEHOLDERS', 'DOUBT', 'ACTION', 'RESPECT', 'THEIR', 'BROKER', 'SOLICITOR', 'ACCOUNTANT', 'laws', 'England', 'Wales', 'Issuer', 'offices', '20 November', 'access', 'person', 'proxy', 'Information', 'Registrar', 'request', 'purpose', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'conditions', '10.00 a', 'context', 'meaning', 'ISIN', 'benefit', '21 June', 'assents', 'sanctions', 'deletion', 'entirety', 'way', 'annum', '21 December', 'arrears', '21 March', '21 September', 'year', 'redemption', 'calculations', 'instruments', 'acts', 'things', 'effect', 'implementation', 'arrangements', 'document', 'agreement', 'steps', 'question', 'abrogation', 'compromise', 'rights']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32230,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773381/0/en/New-progress-in-future-clusters-combining-solar-wind-and-storage-in-Uzbekistan.html,New progress in future clusters combining solar  wind and storage in Uzbekistan,New progress in future clusters combining solar  wind and storage in Uzbekistan  Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international......,"New progress in future clusters combining solar  wind and storage in UzbekistanVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  amidst the visit of French president Emmanuel Macron in Uzbekistan  signs two agreements consolidating the development of its projects in the countryIn November 20221  during president Mirziyoyev's official visit to France  Voltalia signed  in the presence of the EBRD (European Bank for Reconstruction and Development)  an agreement for the development of the Shurkul complex in the Navoi region. The first of its kind in the country  this innovative project will combine solar  wind and battery storage for a total of 400 to 500 megawatts.In December 20222  Voltalia won a tender  coordinated by the International Finance Corporation (IFC  World Bank Group)  for the future 123-megawatts Sarimay solar power plant in the Khorezm region.On November 2nd  2023  during a state visit and under the auspices of the french and uzbek presidents  Emmanuel Macron and Shavkat Mirziyoyev  respectively  Voltalia signed two cooperation agreements:An implementation protocol on the next steps in the development of the Shurkul hybrid project; andAn extension protocol for the Sarimay project  endorsing its augmentation through the integration of an additional 100 megawatts of wind energy  complemented by battery storage.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  comments on these advances: ""These two bilateral agreements strengthen our presence in Uzbekistan. We are particularly proud that our expertise in multi-energy clusters can support the country's trajectory towards a predominantly renewable energy supply  as well as strengthen its energy independence.""Next on the agenda: Q4 2023 Turnover  on January 31st  2024 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 700 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Press release of november 22nd  20222 Press release of december 16th  2022Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['New progress', 'future clusters', 'solar', 'wind', 'storage', 'Uzbekistan', 'future 123-megawatts Sarimay solar power plant', 'French president Emmanuel Macron', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'International Finance Corporation', 'two cooperation agreements', 'two bilateral agreements', 'Shurkul hybrid project', 'World Bank Group', 'renewable energy supply', 'renewable energy projects', 'Sarimay project', 'future clusters', 'two agreements', 'president Mirziyoyev', 'renewable energies', 'energy independence', 'European Bank', 'Shurkul complex', 'international player', 'innovative project', 'The Group', 'New progress', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Navoi region', '400 to 500 megawatts', 'Khorezm region', 'uzbek presidents', 'Shavkat Mirziyoyev', 'implementation protocol', 'next steps', 'extension protocol', 'additional 100 megawatts', 'wind energy', 'multi-energy clusters', 'Q4 2023 Turnover', 'January 31st', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'generating capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', '1 Press release', '2 Press release', 'battery storage', 'storage facilities', 'official visit', 'state visit', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'total capacity', 'investor clients', 'November 2nd', 'green electricity', 'Uzbekistan Voltalia', 'development', 'country', 'France', 'presence', 'EBRD', 'Reconstruction', 'kind', 'December', 'tender', 'IFC', 'auspices', 'augmentation', 'integration', 'CEO', 'advances', 'expertise', 'trajectory', 'agenda', '2.7 GW', 'portfolio', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', '1,700 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'socially', 'T.', 'actifin', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32231,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2772970/0/en/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-THIRD-QUARTER-RESULTS-2023.html,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: THIRD QUARTER RESULTS 2023,Date: 3 November 2023          Release: Before opening of Euronext          Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:   ...,Date: 3 November 2023          Release: Before opening of Euronext          Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:   ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'THIRD QUARTER RESULTS', 'following link', 'full report', 'Date', '3 November', 'Release', 'opening', 'Euronext', 'annexes']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32232,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773461/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority)  PARIS  Nov.  03  2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --   Listing market: Euronext......,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority)PARIS  Nov. 03  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 10/31/2023 55 583 768 61 519 396For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Patricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'French financial markets authority', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'Chief Business Officer', 'General Regulation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'Media contact', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Article', 'PARIS', 'Nov.', 'Date', 'shares', 'capital', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'investors', 'Attachment', '7']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32233,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773368/0/en/A%C3%A9roports-de-Paris-SA-Voting-rights-as-of-30-October-2023.html,Aéroports de Paris SA - Voting rights as of 30 October 2023,November 3rd  2023     Aéroports de Paris SA    Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 31 October 2023Statement according to Article...,November 3rd  2023Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and sharesas of 31 October 2023Statement according to Article L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”ISIN: FR0010340141Ticker: ADPListing place: Euronext ParisMarket: Euronext Paris - Compartment A – SRDDate Total number of shares Total number of gross voting rights Total number of net voting rights1 31/10/2023 98 960 602 163 908 990 163 591 5201 Gross voting rights less shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Aéroports', 'Paris SA', 'Voting rights', '30 October', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'net voting rights1', 'gross voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Market', 'Paris SA', 'Aéroports', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Listing place', 'Compartment A', 'Total number', 'less shares', 'Information', '31 October', 'Statement', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ADP', 'SRD', 'Date', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32234,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773369/0/en/TOUAX-Disclosure-of-Share-Capital-and-Voting-Rights.html,TOUAX : Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights,REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  3 November 2023 5:45 PM  YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION  Disclosure of...,REGULATED INFORMATION Paris  3 November 2023 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Paris: TOUP)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* October 31  2023 7 011 547 8 350 286 8 337 135* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.64,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['Share Capital', 'Voting Rights', 'TOUAX', 'Disclosure', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Marchés Financiers', 'third party investors', 'Managing Partners ggasparetto', 'French Commercial Code', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Total voting rights', 'Date Total shares', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'Code ISIN', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Autorité des', 'Register name', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CAC® Small', '3 November', 'Disclosure', 'issuer', 'TOUP', 'October', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '45', '33', '1 56']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32235,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-113278538/news/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-THIRD-QUARTER-RESULTS-2023-45232445/,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: THIRD QUARTER RESULTS 2023 -November 03  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Date: 3 November 2023 Release: Before opening of Euronext Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:  Attachment  FULL PRESS RELEASE   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPER…,Eurocommercial Properties N.V. is a Euronext-quoted property investment company and one of Europe's shopping centre specialists. The group currently owns and operates 24 shopping centres in Belgium  France  Italy and Sweden with total assets of almost EUR 3.8 billion. The Portfolio by value breaks down geographically as follows: Italy (44%)  France (21%)  Sweden (20%)  and Belgium (15%).Sector Commercial REITs,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'THIRD QUARTER RESULTS', 'November', '02:31', 'Eurocommercial Properties N.V.', 'Euronext-quoted property investment company', 'Sector Commercial REITs', 'shopping centre specialists', '24 shopping centres', 'total assets', 'Europe', 'group', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Italy', 'Sweden', 'Portfolio', 'value']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32236,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KEYSIGHT-TECHNOLOGIES-INC-18426374/news/Keysight-Completes-the-Acquisition-of-a-Controlling-Block-of-Shares-of-ESI-Group-and-Confirms-its-In-45240483/,Keysight Completes the Acquisition of a Controlling Block of Shares of ESI Group and Confirms its Intent to Launch a Tender Offer for the Remaining Outstanding Shares,(marketscreener.com) Completion of Keysight's acquisition of a controlling block representing 50.6% of the share capital of ESI Group.Intent to file a public tender offer with France's Autorité des Marchés Financiers for all of the remaining outstanding…,"Completion of Keysight's acquisition of a controlling block representing 50.6% of the share capital of ESI Group. Intent to file a public tender offer (""offre publique d'achat "") with France's Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) for all of the remaining outstanding shares. The tender offer is for a cash consideration of 155 euros per ESI Group share. Provided the required conditions are met  the tender offer will be followed by a mandatory squeeze-out and the delisting of ESI Group from Euronext Paris.Keysight Technologies  Inc. (NYSE: KEYS)  today announced the successful acquisition of shares representing 50.6% of ESI Group SA (Euronext Paris Symbol: ESI) (“ESI Group”). Following the announcement on June 28  2023  of the binding agreement between Keysight and ESI Group’s main shareholders  the transaction received a positive opinion from ESI Group’s workers council  as well as the approval of the relevant authorities.Keysight Technologies also confirms its intention to proceed with the filing of a mandatory tender offer (« offre publique d’achat ») for all remaining outstanding shares of ESI Group  at a price of 155 euros per share (the « Offer ») in the coming days. Once filed  this tender offer and the draft offer document will be subject to the AMF’s review  which will assess their conformity with the relevant legal and regulatory provisions. The timeline of the Offer  which will be decided by the AMF  will be published at a later stage.Should the Offer result in ESI Group’s remaining minority shareholders holding no more than 10% of the company’s share capital and voting rights  then Keysight intends to proceed with a mandatory squeeze-out of all remaining ESI Group shares at the end of the Offer period and to delist ESI Group from Euronext Paris.ESI Group’s board of directors previously welcomed the transaction as publicly announced on June 28  2023  and  on the basis of the decisions of the ad hoc committee appointed in the context of the Offer  will release an opinion on the terms of the Offer in due course. They appointed Finexsi as an independent expert to provide a report that includes a fairness opinion on the financial terms of the Offer.J.P. Morgan SE and BNP Paribas are acting as presenting banks on the Offer  with BNP Paribas acting as guaranteeing bank.About ESI GroupFounded in 1973  ESI Group envisions a world where Industry commits to bold outcomes  addressing high stakes concerns - environmental impact  safety and comfort for consumers and workers  and adaptable and sustainable business models. ESI Group provides reliable and customized solutions anchored on predictive physics modeling and virtual prototyping expertise to allow industries to make the right decisions at the right time while managing their complexity. Acting principally in automotive & land transportation  aerospace  and heavy industry  ESI Group is present in more than 15 countries  employs 1 000 people around the world  and reported 2022 sales of 130 million euros. ESI is headquartered in France and is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris.About Keysight TechnologiesAt Keysight (NYSE: KEYS)  we inspire and empower innovators to bring world-changing technologies to life. As an S&P 500 company  we’re delivering market-leading design  emulation  and test solutions to help engineers develop and deploy faster  with less risk  throughout the entire product lifecycle. We’re a global innovation partner enabling customers in communications  industrial automation  aerospace and defense  automotive  semiconductor  and general electronics markets to accelerate innovation to connect and secure the world. Learn more at Keysight Newsroom and www.keysight.com.Source: IR-KEYSView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231102411431/en/",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.32,0.36,True,English,"['Remaining Outstanding Shares', 'Controlling Block', 'ESI Group', 'Tender Offer', 'Keysight', 'Acquisition', 'Intent', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'J.P. Morgan SE', 'remaining ESI Group shares', 'S&P 500 company', 'remaining outstanding shares', 'ad hoc committee', 'high stakes concerns', 'sustainable business models', 'predictive physics modeling', 'virtual prototyping expertise', 'entire product lifecycle', 'general electronics markets', 'remaining minority shareholders', 'global innovation partner', 'draft offer document', 'Euronext Paris Symbol', 'ESI Group SA', 'public tender offer', 'mandatory tender offer', 'main shareholders', 'mandatory squeeze', 'controlling block', 'share capital', 'offre publique', 'cash consideration', 'required conditions', 'binding agreement', 'relevant authorities', 'coming days', 'relevant legal', 'regulatory provisions', 'later stage', 'voting rights', 'due course', 'independent expert', 'BNP Paribas', 'bold outcomes', 'environmental impact', 'customized solutions', 'right time', 'land transportation', 'compartment B', 'world-changing technologies', 'market-leading design', 'test solutions', 'less risk', 'industrial automation', 'Offer period', 'positive opinion', 'fairness opinion', 'successful acquisition', 'workers council', 'financial terms', 'right decisions', 'heavy industry', 'source version', 'Keysight Technologies', 'Keysight Newsroom', '130 million euros', '155 euros', 'Completion', 'Intent', 'achat', 'France', 'AMF', 'delisting', 'NYSE', 'announcement', 'June', 'transaction', 'approval', 'filing', 'price', 'review', 'conformity', 'timeline', 'board', 'directors', 'basis', 'context', 'Finexsi', 'report', 'banks', 'guaranteeing', 'safety', 'comfort', 'consumers', 'adaptable', 'reliable', 'industries', 'complexity', 'automotive', 'aerospace', '15 countries', '1,000 people', '2022 sales', 'innovators', 'emulation', 'engineers', 'customers', 'communications', 'defense', 'semiconductor', 'IR-KEYS', 'businesswire']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32237,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KEYSIGHT-TECHNOLOGIES-INC-18426374/news/ESI-Group-and-Keysight-Technologies-Announce-the-Completion-Today-of-the-Acquisition-of-a-Controllin-45240507/,ESI Group and Keysight Technologies Announce the Completion Today of the Acquisition of a Controlling Block of Shares in ESI Group by Keysight Technologies,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:On 22 September 2023  ESI Group SA and Keysight Technologies Inc. announced the signing of a share purchase agreement for the acquisition by Keysight of a controlling stake in ESI Group representing a total of 50.6%1 o…,"Regulatory News:On 22 September 2023  ESI Group SA (ISIN Code: FR 0004110310  Symbol: ESI) (“ESI Group”) and Keysight Technologies Inc. (NYSE: KEYS) (“Keysight”) announced the signing of a share purchase agreement for the acquisition by Keysight of a controlling stake in ESI Group representing a total of 50.6%1 of ESI Group's share capital and 55.7%1 of its theoretical voting rights (the “Controlling Block”) at a price of 155 euros per share in cash.ESI Group and Keysight are pleased to announce the completion today of the acquisition of the Controlling Block  following receipt of the required regulatory approvals. Pursuant to the general regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”)  Keysight  through its subsidiary Keysight Technologies Netherlands B.V.  intends to file with the AMF in the next few days a draft mandatory tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of ESI Group that it does not already own (the ""Offer"") on the same financial terms as the acquisition of the Controlling Block (i.e.  155 euros per share in cash). ESI Group will file with the AMF its draft note in response to the Offer containing the reasoned opinion of its board of directors on the Offer and its merits for the company  its shareholders  and its employees  as well as the report of the independent expert appointed by the board of directors for the purposes of the Offer.The market will be informed of the progress of the Offer  and a further announcement will be made in due course.The finalization of the Offer is subject to the AMF's approval (déclaration de conformité). In the event that the 90% threshold in share capital and voting rights is achieved at the end of the Offer  Keysight intends to request the implementation of a squeeze-out procedure for ESI Group’s shares not tendered to the Offer and to delist ESI Group from Euronext Paris.ESI Group once again wishes to express its gratitude to its partners  shareholders  and all stakeholders who support this strategic project.About KeysightAt Keysight (NYSE: KEYS)  we inspire and empower innovators to bring world-changing technologies to life. As an S&P 500 company  we're delivering market-leading design  emulation  and test solutions to help engineers develop and deploy faster  with less risk  throughout the entire product lifecycle. We're a global innovation partner enabling customers in communications  industrial automation  aerospace and defense  automotive  semiconductor  and general electronics markets to accelerate innovation to connect and secure the world. Learn more at Keysight Newsroom and www.keysight.com.About ESI GroupFounded in 1973  ESI Group envisions a world where Industry commits to bold outcomes  addressing high stakes concerns - environmental impact  safety & comfort for consumers and workers  and adaptable and sustainable business models. ESI provides reliable and customized solutions anchored on predictive physics modeling and virtual prototyping expertise to allow industries to make the right decisions at the right time while managing their complexity. Acting principally in automotive & land transportation  aerospace  and heavy industry  ESI is present in more than 15 countries  employs 1000 people around the world  and reported 2022 sales of €130 million. ESI is headquartered in France and is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris.For further information  go to: www.esi-group.com.https://www.esi-group.com/company/who-we-areFollow ESILinkedIn | Facebook | X | YouTube_______________________1 On the basis of a total of 6 092 586 shares and 8 063 803 theoretical voting rights as of 30 September 2023  noting that these percentages will be adjusted for potential loses of double voting rights.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231103897766/en/",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.23,0.23,True,English,"['ESI Group', 'Keysight Technologies', 'Controlling Block', 'Completion', 'Acquisition', 'Shares', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Keysight Technologies Netherlands B.V.', 'draft mandatory tender offer', 'same financial terms', 'déclaration de', 'S&P 500 company', 'entire product lifecycle', 'high stakes concerns', 'sustainable business models', 'predictive physics modeling', 'virtual prototyping expertise', 'View source version', 'theoretical voting rights', 'general electronics markets', 'double voting rights', 'global innovation partner', 'Keysight Technologies Inc.', 'share purchase agreement', 'ESI Group SA', 'compartment B', 'world-changing technologies', 'draft note', 'general regulation', 'ISIN Code', 'controlling stake', 'Controlling Block', 'regulatory approvals', 'independent expert', 'due course', 'Euronext Paris', 'strategic project', 'market-leading design', 'test solutions', 'less risk', 'industrial automation', 'bold outcomes', 'environmental impact', 'customized solutions', 'right decisions', 'right time', 'land transportation', 'potential loses', 'share capital', 'Keysight Newsroom', 'Regulatory News', 'heavy industry', 'outstanding shares', '6,092,586 shares', '22 September', 'Symbol', 'NYSE', 'signing', 'acquisition', 'total', 'price', '155 euros', 'cash', 'completion', 'receipt', 'AMF', 'subsidiary', 'days', 'response', 'reasoned', 'opinion', 'board', 'directors', 'merits', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'report', 'purposes', 'progress', 'announcement', 'finalization', 'conformité', 'event', '90% threshold', 'implementation', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'gratitude', 'partners', 'stakeholders', 'innovators', 'emulation', 'engineers', 'customers', 'communications', 'aerospace', 'defense', 'automotive', 'semiconductor', 'safety', 'comfort', 'consumers', 'workers', 'adaptable', 'reliable', 'industries', 'complexity', '15 countries', '1000 people', '2022 sales', 'France', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'basis', '30 September', 'percentages', 'businesswire']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32238,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/New-progress-in-future-clusters-combining-solar-wind-and-storage-in-Uzbekistan-45239454/,New progress in future clusters combining solar  wind and storage in Uzbekistan,(marketscreener.com) New progress in future clusters combining solar  wind and storage in Uzbekistan Voltalia   an international player in renewable energies  amidst the visit of French president Emmanuel Macron in Uzbekistan  signs two agreements consolidati…,"New progress in future clusters combining solar  wind and storage in UzbekistanVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  amidst the visit of French president Emmanuel Macron in Uzbekistan  signs two agreements consolidating the development of its projects in the countryIn November 20221  during president Mirziyoyev's official visit to France  Voltalia signed  in the presence of the EBRD (European Bank for Reconstruction and Development)  an agreement for the development of the Shurkul complex in the Navoi region. The first of its kind in the country  this innovative project will combine solar  wind and battery storage for a total of 400 to 500 megawatts.In December 20222  Voltalia won a tender  coordinated by the International Finance Corporation (IFC  World Bank Group)  for the future 123-megawatts Sarimay solar power plant in the Khorezm region.On November 2nd  2023  during a state visit and under the auspices of the french and uzbek presidents  Emmanuel Macron and Shavkat Mirziyoyev  respectively  Voltalia signed two cooperation agreements:An implementation protocol on the next steps in the development of the Shurkul hybrid project; andAn extension protocol for the Sarimay project  endorsing its augmentation through the integration of an additional 100 megawatts of wind energy  complemented by battery storage.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  comments on these advances: ""These two bilateral agreements strengthen our presence in Uzbekistan. We are particularly proud that our expertise in multi-energy clusters can support the country's trajectory towards a predominantly renewable energy supply  as well as strengthen its energy independence.""Next on the agenda: Q4 2023 Turnover  on January 31st  2024 (after market close)About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 700 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Press release of november 22nd  20222 Press release of december 16th  2022Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['New progress', 'future clusters', 'solar', 'wind', 'storage', 'Uzbekistan', 'future 123-megawatts Sarimay solar power plant', 'French president Emmanuel Macron', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'International Finance Corporation', 'two cooperation agreements', 'two bilateral agreements', 'Shurkul hybrid project', 'World Bank Group', 'renewable energy supply', 'renewable energy projects', 'Sarimay project', 'future clusters', 'two agreements', 'president Mirziyoyev', 'renewable energies', 'energy independence', 'European Bank', 'Shurkul complex', 'international player', 'innovative project', 'The Group', 'New progress', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Navoi region', '400 to 500 megawatts', 'Khorezm region', 'uzbek presidents', 'Shavkat Mirziyoyev', 'implementation protocol', 'next steps', 'extension protocol', 'additional 100 megawatts', 'wind energy', 'multi-energy clusters', 'Q4 2023 Turnover', 'January 31st', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'generating capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', '1 Press release', '2 Press release', 'battery storage', 'storage facilities', 'official visit', 'state visit', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'total capacity', 'investor clients', 'November 2nd', 'green electricity', 'Uzbekistan Voltalia', 'development', 'country', 'France', 'presence', 'EBRD', 'Reconstruction', 'kind', 'December', 'tender', 'IFC', 'auspices', 'augmentation', 'integration', 'CEO', 'advances', 'expertise', 'trajectory', 'agenda', '2.7 GW', 'portfolio', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', '1,700 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'socially', 'T.', 'actifin', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32239,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNICREDIT-S-P-A-33364083/news/Italy-s-SBE-Varvit-going-ahead-with-IPO-but-with-tiny-offer-45235536/,Italy's SBE-Varvit going ahead with IPO but with tiny offer,(marketscreener.com) Italy's SBE-Varvit is pressing ahead with its planned initial public offering in Milan despite a challenging market  but has opted for a tiny offering expected to amount to around 3% of its equity value.https://www.marketscreener.com/quot…,MILAN (Reuters) - Italy's SBE-Varvit is pressing ahead with its planned initial public offering (IPO) in Milan despite a challenging market  but has opted for a tiny offering expected to amount to around 3% of its equity value.The family-owned company said on Friday it planned to offer its shares on the Milan bourse at 8.33 euros each  giving the manufacturer of mechanical fastening joints an overall equity value of 975 million euros ($1.04 billion).The offer will run from Nov. 6 to Nov. 10 and  if successful  SBE-Varvit will be listed on the Euronext Growth Milan  a market dedicated to small- and medium-sized enterprises with minimum access requirements.SBE-Varvit will be offering shares currently owned by its sole shareholder  Italy's Vescovini Group  which is working with UniCredit and Equita SIM.Vescovini plans to raise up to 25 million euros from the sale of up to 3 million shares  including a greenshoe option. It reserved the option of increasing the amount of shares to 3.6 million  in which case it would raise 30 million.($1 = 0.9408 euros)(Reporting by Valentina Za and Elisa Anzolin; editing Federico Maccioni and Jason Neely),neutral,0.11,0.65,0.24,negative,0.1,0.41,0.49,True,English,"['tiny offer', 'Italy', 'SBE-Varvit', 'IPO', 'up to 3 million shares', 'mechanical fastening joints', 'minimum access requirements', 'to 25 million euros', 'initial public offering', 'overall equity value', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'tiny offering', 'family-owned company', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'sole shareholder', 'Equita SIM', 'Valentina Za', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Federico Maccioni', 'Jason Neely', 'Milan bourse', 'challenging market', 'Vescovini Group', 'greenshoe option', '8.33 euros', '0.9408 euros', 'Reuters', 'Italy', 'SBE-Varvit', 'IPO', 'Friday', 'manufacturer', 'Nov.', 'UniCredit', 'sale', 'amount', 'case', '975']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32240,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICELANDIC-SALMON-AS-114282622/news/Arnarlax-Ehf-Has-Finalized-Sustainable-Linked-Facility-Agreement-With-a-New-EUR-100-Million-Bank-Fa-45238532/,Arnarlax Ehf  Has Finalized Sustainable Linked Facility Agreement With a New EUR 100 Million Bank Facility,(marketscreener.com) Arnarlax ehf.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Icelandic Salmon AS  successfully signed a Sustainable Linked Facility agreement aimed at refinancing existing loan facilities. The new facility will support the company's growth strategy and en…,"Arnarlax ehf.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Icelandic Salmon AS  successfully signed a Sustainable Linked Facility agreement aimed at refinancing existing loan facilities. The new facility will support the company's growth strategy and enhance operational flexibility.""We have secured a EUR 100 million sustainable linked credit facility  with a three-year tenor  through a good collaborative effort with DNB  Danske Bank  and Arion Bank"" say Jónas Heiðar Birgisson  CFO and continues ""Having a Sustainable Linked financing with favourable competitive terms support the company's vision and ambition to be Icelandic Sustainable fish farmer. We are happy to continue our collaboration with DNB and Arion Bank and we look forward working with Danske bank as a strong addition to our team"".The facility encompasses a term loan facility  a revolving facility  and an overdraft facility  complete with the added flexibility of two one-year extension options. The new financing agreement is fully finalized and is not subjected to any other documentations.For further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn HembreTel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.isCFO Jónas Heiðar BirgissonTel: +354 414 0609Email: jonas@arnarlax.isAbout Icelandic Salmon:Icelandic Salmon is listed at the Euronext Growth. The company is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with their head office in Bildudalur. The company is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain. See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the company.",neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,positive,0.96,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['New EUR 100 Million Bank Facility', 'Sustainable Linked Facility Agreement', 'Arnarlax Ehf', 'EUR 100 million sustainable linked credit facility', 'Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'Sustainable Linked Facility agreement', 'Icelandic Sustainable fish farmer', 'Sustainable Linked financing', 'existing loan facilities', 'good collaborative effort', 'favourable competitive terms', 'one-year extension options', 'new financing agreement', 'term loan facility', 'Icelandic Salmon AS', 'leading farming company', 'new facility', 'revolving facility', 'overdraft facility', 'growth strategy', 'operational flexibility', 'three-year tenor', 'Danske Bank', 'Arion Bank', 'strong addition', 'added flexibility', 'other documentations', 'Euronext Growth', 'head office', 'value chain', 'Arnarlax ehf.', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'DNB', 'CFO', 'vision', 'ambition', 'collaboration', 'team', 'two', 'information', 'Tel', 'Email', 'bjorn', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'customers', 'market', 'control', 'parts']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32241,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELEPERFORMANCE-SE-4709/news/Teleperformance-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--45240537/,Teleperformance : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...) -November 03  2023 at 04:15 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   This is a press release issued by Teleperformance SE pursuant to the provisions of Section 17  Paragraph 4 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids in connection with the public offer by Teleperformance for all t…,"PRESS RELEASE This is a press release issued by Teleperformance SE (""Teleperformance"") pursuant to the provisions of Section 17  Paragraph 4 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the public offer (the ""Offer"") by Teleperformance for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (""Majorel"") (the ""Shares""  and each holder of such Shares  a ""Shareholder""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities in Teleperformance or Majorel. Any offer will be made only by means of the offer memorandum approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the ""AFM"")  which has been published on 11 August 2023 (the ""Offer Memorandum"")  and subject to the restrictions set forth therein. This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful. Terms not defined in this press release will have the meaning as set forth in the Offer Memorandum. Final results of the Offer for Majorel End of the Post Acceptance Period: Teleperformance will hold 99.91% of the outstanding share capital of Majorel Paris  3 November 2023 - Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  is pleased to announce that  during the two-weekPost-Acceptance Period that started on 23 October 2023 and ended today  1 456 833 Shares representing approximately 1.46% of Majorel's outstanding share capital have been tendered under the Offer. Together with the Shares already tendered during the prior Offer Period  Teleperformance will  as of the Second Settlement  hold 99 905 004 Shares in total  representing approximately 99.91% of Majorel's outstanding share capital. As a result  Teleperformance is willing to implement squeeze-out proceedings under the Luxembourg Takeover Law for all the Shares held by minority shareholders who have not tendered their Shares to the Offer. In parallel  Teleperformance will start the procedure to delist the Shares. The last trading date of the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam is expected to be on 8 December 2023  and delisting is expected to occur on 11 December 2023. The Second Settlement will take place on 8 November 2023 (the ""Second Settlement Date""). Shareholders who have elected to receive the Share Consideration during the Offer Period or the Post-Acceptance Period will receive  on the Second Settlement Date  Teleperformance shares at an exchange ratio of 30/217 on a pro rata basis and the remainder in cash. Shareholders who validly tendered their Shares against the Cash Consideration during the Post- Acceptance Period will then receive the Cash Consideration. Tender results During the Post-Acceptance Period  which ended on 3 November 2023  at 17:40 hours CET  1 456 833 additional Shares  with an aggregate value of approximately EUR 43 704 990  were tendered under the Offer  representingapproximately 1.46% of Majorel's outstanding capital. Together with the Shares already tendered during the Offer Period  this represents a total of 99 905 004 Shares and approximately 99.91% of Majorel's outstanding capital. Second Settlement On the Second Settlement Date  Teleperformance will pay the Cash Consideration to Shareholders who have (i) validly tendered their Shares against the Cash Consideration during the Post-Acceptance Period (or defectively tendered their Shares provided that such defect has been waived by Teleperformance)  and (ii) not validly withdrawn and have transferred such Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Offer on or prior to the end of the Post-Acceptance Period. On the Second Settlement Date  Teleperformance will also pay the Share Consideration to Shareholders who have validly tendered their Shares against the Share Consideration during the Offer Period or the Post-Acceptance Period (or defectively tendered their Shares provided that such defect has been waived by Teleperformance)  and (ii) not validly withdrawn and have transferred such Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Offer on or prior to the end of the Offer Period or the Post-Acceptance Period. A total of 78 984 447 Shares have been tendered against the Share Consideration during the Offer Period and the Post-Acceptance Period. This means that the Share Consideration is oversubscribed  since a maximum of 33 333 334 Shares can be exchanged for Teleperformance shares (i.e.  4 608 295 Teleperformance shares are available for issue under the Share Consideration). The 4 608 295 Teleperformance shares required for settlement of the Share Consideration will be issued on the Second Settlement Date in accordance with Teleperformance's existing share issue authorization. The Teleperformance shares will be allocated among the Shareholders that elected the Share Consideration on a pro rata basis according to the total number of Shares tendered by the Shareholders who have validly elected the Share Consideration in accordance with Sections 5.2 (Offer Consideration) and 5.9 (Second Settlement) of the Offer Memorandum. In respect of the remaining Tendered Shares that are not exchanged for Teleperformance shares  such Shareholders will receive the corresponding Cash Consideration on the Second Settlement Date. The Teleperformance shares that are issued under the Share Consideration will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris on 8 November 2023. Teleperformance cannot guarantee that Shareholders holding Shares through an Admitted Institution will actually receive payment on the Second Settlement Date from such Admitted Institution. Post-settlement measures with respect to non-tendered Shares Since Teleperformance will hold at least 95% of the voting capital and voting rights in the Company after the Second Settlement  it is willing to initiate squeeze-out proceedings under the Luxembourg Takeover Law  as soon as practicable. Teleperformance intends to offer the amount of the Cash Consideration (i.e.  EUR 30 per Share) as part of these squeeze-out proceedings. Following the Second Settlement  Teleperformance may also choose to implement certain Post-Settlement Restructurings (as described in more detail in Section 6.13 (Consequences of the Offer for non-tenderingShareholders) of the Offer Memorandum). Teleperformance reserves the right to use any legally permitted method to acquire all of the Shares or full ownership of Majorel's business. When deliberating and resolving on the implementation of the squeeze-out proceedings or a Post-Settlement Restructuring  due consideration is given to the requirements of law  including  to the extent applicable  the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht)  the Decree and the duties of the Company Boards to promote the corporate interest of Majorel  and the interests of all shareholders (including minority shareholders)and other relevant stakeholders  and relevant employee representative bodies' information and/or consultation requirements. Delisting Since Teleperformance will hold at least 95% of the voting capital and voting rights in the Company after the Second Settlement  it will request the termination of the listing and trading of the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam. The last trading date of the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam is expected to be on 8 December 2023 and delisting is expected to occur on 11 December 2023. Reference is made to Section 6.13 (Consequences of the Offer for non-tendering Shareholders) of the Offer Memorandum. Announcements Any announcement contemplated by the Offer Memorandum will be issued by means of a press release. Any press release issued by Teleperformance will be made available on the website of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/acquisition-of-majorel/). Offer Memorandum and further information This announcement contains selected  condensed information regarding the Offer and does not replace the Offer Memorandum. The information in this announcement is not complete and additional information is contained in the Offer Memorandum. Digital copies of the Offer Memorandum are available on the website of Teleperformance https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/acquisition-of-majorel/)and digital copies of the Position Statement  which has been published on 11 August 2023  are available on the website of Majorel (https://www.majorel.com/whats-newithmajorel-publishes-position-statement-on-voluntary-public-cash-and-exchange-offer-for-all-shares-in-majorel-by-teleperformance-se-recommending-to-accept-the-offer/). Copies of the Offer Memorandum are also available free of charge at the office of the Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  Gustav Mahlerlaan 10  1082 PP  Amsterdam  Netherlands). On 11 August 2023  Teleperformance also published the first amendment to its Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on 27 February 2023 and the exemption document pursuant to Article 1 sub 4(f) and 5(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. These documents are published in relation to Teleperformance shares to be issued and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris as part of the Share Consideration. These documents are available on Teleperformance's website (https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/financial-publications/). These documents have not been approved by the AFM prior to publication. Disclaimer Certain information included in this press release are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  expectations  and assumptions  including  without limitation  assumptions as to the potential combination of Teleperformance with Majorel  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results  performance or achievements  or industry results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and Teleperformance expressly disclaimsany obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Such forward-looking statements are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking information and statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Teleperformance. The forward-looking statements included in this press release do not include any assumption for a further significant deterioration in market conditions or the current geopolitical situation. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified under Section 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document of Teleperformance  filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on 27 February 2023  as amended by the Amendment to the Universal Registration Document  and available on the Teleperformance website (www.teleperformance.com) and the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). This press release is for information purposes only and does not  and shall not  constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any securities of Teleperformance or Majorel nor a solicitation to offer to purchase or to subscribe for securities of Teleperformance or Majorel in any jurisdiction  including in France and the Netherlands. Any offer will be made only by means of the Offer Memorandum. The distribution of this press release may  in some countries  be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this document should inform themselves of and observe these restrictions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  Teleperformance disclaims any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. Neither Teleperformance nor any of its advisors assumes any responsibility for any violation of any of these restrictions. Any Majorel shareholder who is in any doubt as to his or her position should consult an appropriate professional advisor without delay. Notice to U.S. Shareholders The Offer is being made by Teleperformance  a French company whose shares are listed on Euronext Paris  for the Shares in Majorel  a Luxembourg company whose shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam  and is subject to Dutch  Luxembourg and French disclosure and procedural requirements  which differ from those of the United States. It is important that U.S. shareholders understand that the Offer and any related offer documents are subject to disclosure and takeover laws and regulations in the Netherlands  France and/or Luxembourg that may be different from those in the United States. The financial information included or referred to herein has been prepared in accordance with non- U.S. accounting standards and  accordingly  may not be comparable to the financial information of U.S. companies or companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. U.S. shareholders are referred to Section 3.2 (Information for U.S. shareholders) of the Offer Memorandum. The Offer is being made in the United States in compliance with  and in reliance on  the exemption provided by Rule 14d-1(c)  known as the ""Tier I"" exemption  under the U.S. Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""U.S. Exchange Act""). Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  or pursuant to an exemption from such registration. The Offeror Shares to be issued in connection with the settlement of the Offer are not  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act or under the securities laws of any jurisdiction of the United States and will be issued to Shareholders in the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 802 under the Securities Act and in reliance on available exemptions from any state law registration requirements.It may be difficult for U.S. shareholders to enforce their rights and claims arising out of the U.S. federal securities laws  since Teleperformance and Majorel are located in a country other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of a country other than the United States. U.S. shareholders may not be able to sue a non-U.S. company or its officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel a non-U.S. company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved the Offer or the Offeror Shares to be issued in connection with the settlement of the Offer  passed upon the fairness or merits of the Offer or provided an opinion as to the accuracy or completeness of this Offer Memorandum or any other documents regarding the Offer. Any declaration to the contrary constitutes a criminal offence in the United States. In accordance with standard Dutch practice and pursuant to Rule 14e-5(b) of the U.S. Exchange Act  Teleperformance or its nominees  or its brokers (acting as agents)  or affiliates of Teleperformance's financial advisors  may from time to time make certain purchases of  or arrangements to purchase  Shares outside of the United States  other than pursuant to the Offer  before or during the period in which the Offer remains open for acceptance. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. Information about such purchases  if any  will be announced by press release in accordance with Article 13 of the Decree and posted on the website of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/acquisition-of-majorel/).",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.32,0.66,True,English,"['Inside Information', 'Teleperformance', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', 'November', '04:15', 'Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Besluit openbare biedingen Wft', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'existing share issue authorization', 'Luxembourg Takeover Law', 'digital business services', 'last trading date', 'pro rata basis', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'The Second Settlement', 'Second Settlement Date', 'outstanding share capital', 'Post Acceptance Period', 'Post- Acceptance Period', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'prior Offer Period', 'The Teleperformance shares', 'outstanding capital', 'Share Consideration', 'two-weekPost-Acceptance Period', 'public offer', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'Final results', 'global leader', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'exchange ratio', 'Tender results', 'aggregate value', 'Cash Consideration', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Majorel Paris', 'offer memorandum', 'Dutch Decree', 'Teleperformance SE', '1,456,833 additional Shares', 'total number', 'minority shareholders', 'Majorel End', '4,608,295 Teleperformance shares', '1,456,833 Shares', '99,905,004 Shares', '78,984,447 Shares', '33,333,334 Shares', 'provisions', 'Section', 'Paragraph', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'AFM', '11 August', 'restrictions', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'jurisdiction', 'Terms', 'meaning', '23 October', 'proceedings', 'parallel', 'procedure', '8 December', 'delisting', '11 December', 'place', '8 November', 'remainder', '3 November', '17:40 hours', 'defect', 'maximum', 'accordance']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32242,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773408/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-Atlas.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from Atlas,Regulated Information - Denominator   Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 2 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 50 000 capital......,Regulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 2 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 50 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 3  2023 – 08.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 77 639 751 new ordinary shares on November 2  2023  for a total amount of EUR 50 000  as the result of the conversion of 2 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 2 956 764 011 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 2 879 124 260 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 83 006 161.32Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 2 956 764 011 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 2 956 764 011 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 590 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 590 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);972 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 972 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);532 500 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 532 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);604 405 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 604 405 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);272 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  April 20  2023  May 22  2023  June 15  2023  August 10  2023  September 15  2023  October 20  2023  and October 24  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023  as amended on October 3  2023.100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.44,0.3,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'Atlas', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 50,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '77,639,751 new ordinary shares', '2,956,764,011 outstanding ordinary shares', '79,124,260 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', '2 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'voting rights', '590,500 subscription rights', 'total number', 'Regulated Information', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', '08.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'June', 'August', 'October', 'terms', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'END', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7188332497882147,Innate Pharma Announces New Clinical Data for Lacutamab and SAR443579/IPH6101 at ASH 2023,Positive results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 Trial with lacutamab in heavily pretreated patients with relapsed and refractory S&#xE9;zary syndrome selected for oral presentation         Preliminary monotherapy lacutamab Phase 1b clinical data and pre-cli...,"Innate Pharma Announces New Clinical Data for Lacutamab and SAR443579/IPH6101 at ASH 2023Positive results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 Trial with lacutamab in heavily pretreated patients with relapsed and refractory Sézary syndrome selected for oral presentationPreliminary monotherapy lacutamab Phase 1b clinical data and pre-clinical combinability data in patients with peripheral T-cell lymphomaPresentation on SAR443579 / IPH6101  a potential first-in-class NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager targeting CD123; SAR443579 / IPH6101 is ANKET ® platform lead asset and under development by partner Sanofi  which demonstrated clinical remissionsInnate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”) today announced that several abstracts  including one oral presentation  have been selected for the 65 th ASH (American Society of Hematology) Annual Meeting and Exposition  taking place December 9-12  2023 in San Diego  California.Lacutamab in patients with T-cell LymphomasAbstract details from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 Trial in Patients with Advanced Sézary syndrome include:The oral presentation will highlight the results from Cohort 1  designed to evaluate safety and efficacy of single agent lacutamab in 56 patients with relapsed/refractory Sézary syndrome after at least two prior systemic therapies including mogamulizumab. At the data cut-off of May 1  2023  with a global confirmed Objective Response Rate (ORR) of 37.5% (n=21; 95% CI 26.0-50.6) including 2 Complete Responses (CRs)  confirmed ORR in skin of 46.4% (n=26; 95% CI 34.0-59.3) including 5 CRs and confirmed ORR in blood of 48.2% (n=27; 95% CI 35.7-61.0) including 15 CRs  data confirm that lacutamab monotherapy shows promising clinical activity in a heavily pre-treated relapsed/refractory population previously treated with a median of 6 prior lines (range 2-15)  including mogamulizumab  and an overall favorable safety profile. Clinical Benefit Rate (CBR  defined as CR+PR+SD) was 87.5 % (n=49; 95% CI 76.4-93.8). Median PFS was 8.0 months (95% CI 4.7  21.2). Continued evaluation of this promising new targeted treatment option for patients with Sezary Syndrome is warranted.Preliminary Monotherapy Clinical Data and Pre-Clinical Combinability Data in Patients with Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma (PTCL):The poster will display preclinical combination data supporting anti-tumor activity and rationale for the exploration of lacutamab in combination with approved and novel therapies in patients with PTCL. Preliminary monotherapy data from an ongoing Phase 1b study in PTCL is also presented.SAR443579/IPH6101 in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) or high-risk myelodysplasia (HR-MDS) (from a Joint Research Collaboration with Sanofi)A presentation from the Sanofi oncology pipeline at ASH includes updated efficacy and safety results from an open-label  first-in-human  dose-escalation study of an investigational CD123 targeting Natural Killer Cell Engager (NKCE). Results investigating SAR443579 as a monotherapy for the treatment of blood cancers with high unmet needs  including relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and high-risk myelodysplasia show data across all dose levels tested. Observed clinical remissions will also be presented. Abstract details include:As of July 5  2023  43 patients (42 R/R AML and 1 HR-MDS) across 8 Dose Levels (DLs) at 10 – 6000 μg/kg/dose were included. Patients had received a median of 2.0 (1.0 – 10.0) prior lines of treatment with 13 patients (30.2%) reporting prior hematopoiectic stell cell transplantation and 36 patients (83.7%) with prior exposure to venetoclax. In DLs with a highest dose of 1000 μg/kg QW  5/15 (33.3%) patients achieved a CR (4 CR / 1 CRi) as of the cut-off date. Data from PK/PD and in vitro mechanistic analyses studying dose-response relations will also be presented. SAR443579 was well tolerated up to doses of 6000 μg/kg QW with observed clinical benefit in patients with R/R AML. The results are consistent with the predicted favorable safety profile.ASH abstract details:LacutamabOral PresentationPublication Number: 185Title: Lacutamab in Patients with Relapsed and Refractory Sézary Syndrome: Results from the Tellomak Phase 2 TrialSession Name: 624. Hodgkin Lymphomas and T/NK Cell Lymphomas: Clinical and Epidemiological: Topics in T Cell  Sezary and Hodgkin LymphomasSession Date and Time: Saturday  December 9  2023 3:00 PMPresenter: Prof PorcuRoom: Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego  Grand Hall BPoster sessionPublication Number: 3072Title: Strategies to Develop Anti-KIR Mab Lacutamab in Patients with Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma: Preliminary Monotherapy Clinical Data and Pre-Clinical Combinability DataSession Name: 624. Hodgkin Lymphomas and T/NK cell Lymphomas: Clinical and Epidemiological: Poster IISession Date: Sunday  December 10  2023Presentation Time: 6:00 PM - 8:00 PMLocation: San Diego Convention Center  Halls G-HSAR443579 / IPH6101 (Sanofi collaboration)Publication Number: 3474Title: First-in-Human Study of the CD123 NK Cell Engager SAR443579 in Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia  B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia or High Risk-Myelodysplasia: Updated Safety  Efficacy  Pharmacokinetics and PharmacodynamicsSession Name: 704. Cellular Immunotherapies: Early Phase and Investigational Therapies: Poster IISession Date: Sunday  December 10  2023Presentation Time: 6:00 PM-8:00 PMLocation: San Diego Convention Center  Halls G-HAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231102579006/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['New Clinical Data', 'Innate Pharma', 'Lacutamab', 'IPH6101', 'ASH', 'Preliminary monotherapy lacutamab Phase 1b clinical data', 'prior hematopoiectic stell cell transplantation', 'Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego', 'promising new targeted treatment option', 'Tellomak Phase 2 Trial Session Name', 'ongoing Phase 1b study', 'ANKET ® platform lead asset', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'refractory Sézary syndrome', 'Advanced Sézary syndrome', 'class NKp46/CD16-based NK cell', 'Natural Killer Cell Engager', 'San Diego Convention Center', 'Poster session Publication Number', 'Preliminary Monotherapy Clinical Data', 'two prior systemic therapies', 'overall favorable safety profile', 'Poster II Session Date', 'Oral Presentation Publication Number', 'Preliminary monotherapy data', 'New Clinical Data', 'Grand Hall B', 'promising clinical activity', 'human, dose-escalation study', 'Hematology) Annual Meeting', 'Objective Response Rate', 'Joint Research Collaboration', 'high unmet needs', 'vitro mechanistic analyses', 'Prof Porcu Room', 'pre-clinical combinability data', 'T/NK Cell Lymphomas', 'peripheral T-cell lymphoma', 'Clinical Benefit Rate', 'single agent lacutamab', 'Anti-KIR Mab Lacutamab', 'preclinical combination data', 'one oral presentation', 'Sanofi oncology pipeline', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'ASH abstract details', 'lacutamab monotherapy', 'T Cell', 'clinical remissions', 'Sezary Syndrome', 'T-cell Lymphomas', 'relapsed/refractory population', '6 prior lines', 'novel therapies', '0) prior lines', 'prior exposure', 'data cut-off', 'cut-off date', 'anti-tumor activity', 'Hodgkin Lymphomas', 'Euronext Paris', 'several abstracts', '2 Complete Responses', 'Continued evaluation', 'R/R AML', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'dose-response relations', 'up to', 'safety results', 'partner Sanofi', '65 th ASH', 'dose levels', 'highest dose', 'Presentation Time', 'investigational CD123', 'blood cancers', 'kg QW', 'Positive results', 'Median PFS', 'IPH6101', 'patients', 'SAR443579', 'development', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'Company', 'Exposition', 'place', 'California', 'Cohort', 'efficacy', 'mogamulizumab', 'May', 'global', 'ORR', 'CRs', 'skin', 'range', 'CBR', 'CR+PR+SD', '8.0 months', 'PTCL', 'rationale', 'exploration', 'HR-MDS', 'updated', 'open', 'label', 'NKCE', 'July', 'DLs', '10 – 6000 μg', 'venetoclax', '1000 μg', '1 CRi', 'PK/PD', 'doses', 'Title', 'Epidemiological', 'Topics', 'Saturday', 'Presenter', 'Strategies', 'Sunday', 'December', 'Location', 'Halls', 'G-H', '2023', '2.0', '3:00', '6:00', '8:00']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,investorsobserver.com
32244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAJOREL-GROUP-LUXEMBOURG--127173176/news/Majorel-Group-Luxembourg-S-A-Teleperformance-announced-intended-start-of-procedure-to-delist-Majo-45240293/,Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Teleperformance announced intended start of procedure to delist Majorel shares  with expected delisting date on 11 December 2023 -November 03  2023 at 03:46 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) EQS-Ad-hoc: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. / Key word: Delisting/DelistingMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Teleperformance announced intended start of procedure to delist Majorel shares  with expected delisting date on 11 …,"EQS-Ad-hoc: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. / Key word(s): Delisting/DelistingMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Teleperformance announced intended start of procedure to delist Majorel shares  with expected delisting date on 11 December 202303-Nov-2023 / 20:45 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Disclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  PUBLICATION OR FORWARDING  EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS PUBLICATION.Press ReleaseMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A.:Teleperformance announced intended start of procedure to delist Majorel shares  with expected delisting date on 11 December 2023Luxembourg  3 November 2023 – Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (“Majorel”) (ISIN LU2382956378) (Euronext Amsterdam: MAJ) announces that today Teleperformance SE (""Teleperformance"") published its intention to request the termination of the listing and trading of all issued and outstanding shares in Majorel (the ""Shares"") on Euronext Amsterdam  since Teleperformance will hold at least 95% of the voting capital and voting rights in Majorel after the settlement of the post-acceptance period of the voluntary public cash and exchange offer for all Shares launched by Teleperformance. In addition  Teleperformance announced that the last trading date of the Shares is expected to be on 8 December 2023 and delisting is expected to occur on 11 December 2023. The announcement of Teleperformance can be found on its corporate website in the “Publications and Events” section under “Acquisition of Majorel”.ABOUT MAJORELWe’re a global CX leader. Clients say that our agile culture makes us special  which means that doing business with us is easy. As experts in customer experience management  we’ve seen it all  so we’re able to ensure the reliability our clients need and the care their customers deserve. Our team members love nothing more than to just get things done  secure in the knowledge that we strive to be the best home for their talent. Our spirit is resourceful  resilient  and relentless  and this is what drives us to go further.82 000 team members; 70+ languages; 46 countries; end-to-end CXM; tech-human augmentation; global and local. Majorel: Driven to go further. www.majorel.comCONTACTInvestor RelationsMichèle Negenir@majorel.comMedia RelationsAndrew Slatermedia@majorel.comDISCLAIMERThis announcement may not be published  distributed or transmitted  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America (including its territories and possessions)  Canada  Japan or Australia or any other jurisdiction where such announcement could be unlawful. The distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons who are in possession of this document or other information referred to herein should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This announcement does not constitute an offer of  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  securities of Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. or of any of its subsidiaries in the United States of America  Germany or any other jurisdiction. Any offer will be made only by means of an offer memorandum approved by the AFM. Neither this announcement nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  an offer in any jurisdiction. The securities offered will not be and have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act.In the United Kingdom  this announcement is only directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 who are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this information or any of its contents.No action has been taken that would permit an offering or an acquisition of the securities or a distribution of this announcement in any jurisdiction where such action would be unlawful. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.This release may contain forward looking statements  estimates  opinions and projections with respect to anticipated future performance of Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (“forward-looking statements”). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements are based on the current views  expectations and assumptions of the management of Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. and involve significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether or not such results will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements included herein only speak as at the date of this release. The Company does not undertake any obligation  and does not expect to publicly update  or publicly revise  any of the information  forward-looking statements or the conclusions contained herein or to reflect new events or circumstances or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent subsequent to the date hereof  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Neither the Company nor any other person accepts any liability whatsoever in respect of the achievement of such forward-looking statements and assumptions.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.25,0.45,True,English,"['Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Majorel shares', 'delisting date', 'Teleperformance', 'start', 'procedure', '11 December', 'November', '03:46', 'Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'high net worth companies', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Key word(s', 'EQS Group AG', 'voluntary public cash', 'global CX leader', 'customer experience management', 'Michèle Negen', 'last trading date', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'Financial Services', 'Withdrawal) Act', 'Markets Act', 'inside information', 'EQS News', 'UNITED STATES', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'voting capital', 'voting rights', 'post-acceptance period', 'corporate website', 'agile culture', 'team members', 'best home', '70+ languages', 'tech-human augmentation', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Andrew Slater', 'other information', 'applicable exemption', 'United Kingdom', 'qualified investors', 'European Union', 'investment professionals', 'Majorel shares', 'securities laws', 'delisting date', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'outstanding shares', 'end CXM', 'registration requirements', 'domestic law', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'exchange offer', 'offer memorandum', 'Teleperformance SE', 'intended', 'start', 'procedure', '11 December', 'CET', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'FORWARDING', 'AMERICA', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SUCH', 'ISIN', 'intention', 'termination', 'settlement', 'addition', '8 December', 'Events', 'section', 'Acquisition', 'Clients', 'business', 'experts', 'reliability', 'care', 'customers', 'things', 'knowledge', 'talent', 'spirit', '46 countries', 'CONTACT', 'DISCLAIMER', 'territories', 'possessions', 'jurisdictions', 'document', 'failure', 'violation', 'solicitation', 'subsidiaries', 'Germany', 'means', 'AFM', 'basis', 'connection', 'meaning', 'part', 'virtue', 'invitation', 'agreement']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-tender-offer-to-purchase-35-000-000-of-tetragon-non-voting-shares-301977361.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Tender Offer to Purchase $35 000 000 of Tetragon Non-Voting Shares,LONDON  Nov. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tender offer to purchase a portion of its outstanding non-voting shares for a maximum aggregate payment of $35 000 000 in cash. The tender offer  which was initially announced…,"LONDON  Nov. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tender offer to purchase a portion of its outstanding non-voting shares for a maximum aggregate payment of $35 000 000 in cash. The tender offer  which was initially announced by Tetragon on 25 October 2023  will be conducted as a ""modified Dutch auction"" with shareholders able to tender their Tetragon non-voting shares at prices ranging from and including $8.75 up to and including $10.50 per share. The tender offer is expected to expire at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 6 December 2023  unless extended or terminated earlier. J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its U.K. investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) will act as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC will act as tender agent for the tender offer.Eligible shareholders will be able to indicate how many Tetragon non-voting shares and at what price or prices within the specified range they wish to tender. Based on the number of shares tendered and the prices specified by the tendering shareholders  J.P. Morgan  as dealer manager  will determine the lowest price per share within the range that will enable Tetragon to purchase $35 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares  or a lower amount if the tender offer is not fully subscribed. All shares purchased by Tetragon in the tender offer will be purchased at the same price. If  based on the determined purchase price  more than $35 000 000 in value of shares are properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  valid tenders made below the determined purchase price are expected to be accepted in full  except in the limited circumstances described below  while valid tenders made at the determined purchase price will be subject to proration. However  if the pro rata reduction of the number of shares eligible to be purchased at the determined purchase price is insufficient to reduce the value of the shares to be purchased to $35 000 000  then none of the shares tendered at the determined purchase price will be purchased  and instead there will be a pro rata reduction in the purchase of shares tendered at the next highest price below the determined purchase price to the extent necessary to reduce the value of shares purchased to $35 000 000. The determined purchase price  as well as the proration factor (if applicable)  is expected to be announced on or 7 December 2023  and Tetragon expects the purchase of shares in the tender offer would be settled promptly thereafter.The tender offer is not conditioned upon the receipt of any minimum number of shares being tendered.This release is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to buy nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of Tetragon. The full details of the tender offer  including complete instructions on how to tender shares  are included in the offer to purchase which is available on Tetragon's website at the following URL:https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/share-repurchasesShareholders should read carefully the offer to purchase because it contains important information. Shareholders may obtain electronic copies of this document free of charge by calling Computershare at +44 37 0707 4040. Shareholders are urged to read these materials carefully prior to making any decision with respect to the tender offer.Contacts:Computershare: +44 37 0707 4040About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com +44 20 3890 9193 +1 212 279 3115Forward-Looking Statements:This press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are made based upon Tetragon's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Tetragon and therefore involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and Tetragon's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity may differ materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the day they are made and Tetragon does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements unless required by law.This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.ANY DECISION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE TENDER OFFER SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY AN ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER OF TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS ANNOUNCEMENT OR TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE CLOSING DATE.In the United Kingdom  this announcement is being distributed to  and is directed at  only (a) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of ""investment professionals"" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended; (b) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005; or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in an investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the tender offer may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The tender offer is available only to relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents. Persons distributing this announcement must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tetragon Non-Voting Shares', 'Tender Offer', 'U.K. investment banking business', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'pro rata reduction', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'next highest price', 'London Stock Exchange', 'determined purchase price', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'investment manager', 'Tetragon non-voting shares', 'financial condition', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'lowest price', 'same price', 'Dutch auction', 'dealer manager', 'tender agent', 'lower amount', 'valid tenders', 'limited circumstances', 'informational purposes', 'full details', 'complete instructions', 'following URL', 'electronic copies', 'Press Inquiries', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'UK version', 'European Union', 'tender offer', 'proration factor', 'important information', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK law', 'press release', 'many Tetragon', 'Eligible shareholders', 'tendering shareholders', 'minimum number', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'portion', 'cash', '25 October', 'prices', '6 December', 'range', 'value', 'none', 'extent', '7 December', 'receipt', 'solicitation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'repurchases', 'document', 'charge', 'materials', 'decision', 'respect', 'Contacts', 'matters', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'guarantees', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'day', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'United', '11:59', '44']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,prnewswire.co.uk
32246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-October-27-November-2-2023-on-the-Third-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Progra-45240036/,Weekly Report (October 27- November 2  2023) on the Third Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the Third Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  November 3  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its Third Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on September 11  2023  covering…,Weekly Report (October 27- November 2  2023) on the Third Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  November 3  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Third Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on September 11  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between September 11  2023 and December 11  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between October 27 up to and including November 2  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 27/10/2023 213 242 €17.4718 €3 725 726 CEUX 27/10/2023 612 827 €17.4769 €10 710 335 MILE 27/10/2023 267 €17.5420 €4 684 TQEX 30/10/2023 1 052 754 €17.1901 €18 096 901 CEUX 30/10/2023 2 486 627 €17.2166 €42 811 234 MILE 30/10/2023 72 211 €17.0490 €1 231 123 TQEX 30/10/2023 640 637 €17.0348 €10 913 144 XPAR 31/10/2023 29 617 €17.1946 €509 252 CEUX 31/10/2023 104 860 €17.1795 €1 801 446 MILE Total 5 213 042 €17.2268 €89 803 853Since September 11  2023 up to and including November 2  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 27 671 864 common shares for a total consideration of €489 322 458.As of November 2  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 91 581 862 common shares equal to 2.90% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.43,0.37,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'Third Tranche', 'October', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'other anticipated aspects', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'operating results', 'Weekly Report', 'Third Tranche', 'common shares', 'Date Number', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'business strategies', 'closing date', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'Actual results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'governmental investigations', 'safety regulations', 'MILE Total', '234 MILE', 'October', 'AMSTERDAM', 'November', 'September', 'period', 'December', 'fees', 'Venues', 'CEUX', 'TQEX', 'XPAR', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'imposition', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/03/sandy-spring-bank-sells-101-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Sandy Spring Bank Sells 101 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Sandy Spring Bank trimmed its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.0% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4 860…,Sandy Spring Bank trimmed its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.0% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4 860 shares of the company’s stock after selling 101 shares during the quarter. Sandy Spring Bank’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $727 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at about $26 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the first quarter worth about $28 000. Bangor Savings Bank bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter worth about $28 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter valued at about $29 000. Finally  BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC raised its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1 940.0% during the 1st quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30 000 after purchasing an additional 194 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceNYSEARCA RSP opened at $139.29 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $39.37 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a fifty-two week low of $133.34 and a fifty-two week high of $155.77. The stock has a 50 day simple moving average of $142.78 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $145.57.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Sandy Spring Bank', '101 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50 day simple moving average', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'Several other institutional investors', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'other hedge funds', 'Sandy Spring Bank', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'recent filing', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'new stake', 'Co. Ltd', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'fifty-two week', 'financial companies', 'Recommended Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '2nd quarter', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', '1st quarter', 'last quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', 'new position', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 194 shares', '4,860 shares', '101 shares', '204 shares', 'Securities', 'firm', 'holdings', 'stakes', 'Zurich', 'Friday', 'beta', 'transportation', '0.0']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,etfdailynews.com
32248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Availability-of-the-third-amendment-to-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-45239322/,Societe Generale: Availability of the third amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document -November 03  2023 at 12:56 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) AVAILABILITY OF THE THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Regulated Information Paris  3 November 2023 Societe Generale hereby informs the public that the third amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document f…,AVAILABILITY OF THE THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTRegulated InformationParis  3 November 2023Societe Generale hereby informs the public that the third amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on 13th March 2023 under number D.23-0089  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 3rd November 2023 under number D-23-0089-A03.This document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank.with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Societe Generale', 'third amendment', 'Availability', 'November', '12:56', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'leading digital Bank BoursoBank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'distinctive global leadership', 'sustainable value creation', 'official Press Releases', 'several African countries', 'Group News page', '2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', 'societegenerale.com website', 'French Retail', 'Global Banking', 'leading franchises', 'Leasing Services', 'leading partner', 'Inclusion Index', 'International Retail', 'universal banks', 'global player', 'web page', 'Press contacts', 'financial solutions', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'THIRD AMENDMENT', 'Societe Generale', '13th March', 'investors.societegenerale', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'Equity Derivatives', 'Structured Finance', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'The Group', 'sustainable mobility', 'website societegenerale', 'Regulated Information', '3rd November', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '60 countries', '3 November', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Paris', 'number', 'AMF', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'financial-information', 'regulated-information', 'socgen', '117,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8877195924086558,Troomi and Xplora Collaborate to Elevate Children's Safety and Adventure,Troomi and Xplora Collaborate to Elevate Children's Safety and Adventure           PR Newswire         New partnership makes world leading&#xA0;children's smartwatch available to Troomi customers         SALT LAKE CITY           Nov. 3  2023     /PRNew...,"New partnership makes world leading children's smartwatch available to Troomi customersSALT LAKE CITY   Nov. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Troomi Wireless  a leading provider of innovative family tech solutions  today announced a strategic partnership with Xplora  the pioneering creator of kids smartwatches. This exciting collaboration will empower Troomi customers with enhanced child safety options for kids who are not yet ready for a phone but need to be connected for daily adventures.By teaming with Xplora  a renowned player in the wearable tech industry  Troomi will offer its customers access to the globally bestselling XGO3 smartwatch  designed specifically for kids. Beginning November 1   customers will be able to purchase the XGO3 smartwatch on Troomi.com.The Troomi XGO3  powered by Xplora  boasts a wide array of features that cater to both parents and children. Parents can track their child's location in real-time  set geofenced safe zones  and receive notifications about their child's whereabouts. Additionally  the XGO3 provides a secure communication platform  allowing kids to stay in touch with their families and approved contacts while maintaining safety and privacy.Unlike most other smartwatches for kids  the XGO3 allows children to take pictures and record voice messages and send them to approved contacts. As well  the XGO3 enables parents to approve up to 50 contacts  as opposed to just 10  which is frequently the limit with similar products.""We are pleased to join forces with Xplora to enhance the safety and overall experience of our Troomi families "" said Troomi CEO Bill Brady . ""The XGO3 smartwatch aligns perfectly with our mission to provide parents with easy-to-use tools for safeguarding their children in an increasingly connected world. It will provide amazing benefits to families whose kids are not yet old enough for a phone.""The partnership expands Troomi's portfolio of family-focused solutions and gives parents peace of mind knowing their children are safe and ready for life's adventures. Like Troomi phones  the watches will operate on a leading national carrier  and Troomi families who purchase the watch will receive an evergreen discount and seamless phone number migration when their child is ready to graduate to a Troomi phone.""We are excited to collaborate with Troomi and contribute to their mission of supporting families "" said Xplora CEO Sten Kirkbak . ""The XGO3 is designed to empower children with independence and exploration while keeping them connected to their parents and caregivers. Together with Troomi  we will continue to redefine the way families experience safety and adventure.""The new device will sell for $129.95   and the service plan will cost users $13.95 per month  with no contract required.About TroomiWith a mission to help children learn  do and become anything through a safe  balanced relationship with technology  Troomi is the smartest way to introduce technology to kids. KidSmart OS™ from Troomi empowers children by protecting them from pornography  predators  bullies and screen addiction while providing tools to excel in school and opportunities to enjoy their hobbies  nurture their talents and discover new passions. For more information  visit www.troomi.com and follow Troomi on Instagram and Facebook .About XploraXplora is a platform and services company and an industry leader in the market for children's smartwatches. Xplora was founded to give children a safe onboarding to the digital life and a better balance between screen time and physical activity. Xplora's vision is to enable children around the world to experience how their everyday activities can create value and make a positive change in the world. The company is headquartered in Norway with operations in European and North American markets. Xplora is listed on Euronext Growth under the ticker symbol XPLRA. Learn more at www.xplora.com .View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/troomi-and-xplora-collaborate-to-elevate-childrens-safety-and-adventure-301977591.htmlSOURCE Troomi Wireless",neutral,0.35,0.64,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Troomi', 'Xplora', 'Children', 'Safety', 'Adventure', 'innovative family tech solutions', 'seamless phone number migration', 'Troomi CEO Bill Brady', 'enhanced child safety options', 'SALT LAKE CITY', 'wearable tech industry', 'North American markets', 'geofenced safe zones', 'leading national carrier', 'safe, balanced relationship', 'secure communication platform', 'most other smartwatches', 'up to 50 contacts', 'The Troomi XGO', 'SOURCE Troomi Wireless', 'bestselling XGO3 smartwatch', 'The XGO3 smartwatch', 'world leading children', 'family-focused solutions', 'leading provider', 'safe onboarding', 'industry leader', 'Xplora CEO', 'pioneering creator', 'exciting collaboration', 'renowned player', 'wide array', 'voice messages', 'similar products', 'overall experience', 'amazing benefits', 'evergreen discount', 'Sten Kirkbak', 'new device', 'service plan', 'KidSmart OS™', 'screen addiction', 'new passions', 'screen time', 'physical activity', 'everyday activities', 'positive change', 'Euronext Growth', 'ticker symbol', 'original content', 'connected world', 'Troomi.com', 'Troomi phones', 'New partnership', 'strategic partnership', 'daily adventures', 'approved contacts', 'use tools', 'smartest way', 'services company', 'digital life', 'Troomi customers', 'kids smartwatches', 'Troomi families', 'PRNewswire', 'access', 'November', 'features', 'parents', 'location', 'real-time', 'notifications', 'whereabouts', 'touch', 'privacy', 'pictures', 'limit', 'forces', 'mission', 'easy', 'portfolio', 'peace', 'mind', 'independence', 'exploration', 'caregivers', 'users', 'month', 'contract', 'technology', 'pornography', 'predators', 'bullies', 'school', 'opportunities', 'hobbies', 'talents', 'information', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'vision', 'value', 'Norway', 'operations', 'European', 'XPLRA', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'childrens-safety', '10']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,investorsobserver.com
32250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773374/0/en/Societe-Generale-Availability-of-the-third-amendment-to-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Societe Generale: Availability of the third amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document,AVAILABILITY OF THE THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT  Regulated Information  Paris  3 November 2023  Societe Generale hereby......,AVAILABILITY OF THE THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTRegulated InformationParis  3 November 2023Societe Generale hereby informs the public that the third amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on 13th March 2023 under number D.23-0089  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 3rd November 2023 under number D-23-0089-A03.This document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank.with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Societe Generale', 'third amendment', 'Availability', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'leading digital Bank BoursoBank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'distinctive global leadership', 'sustainable value creation', 'official Press Releases', 'several African countries', 'Group News page', '2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', 'societegenerale.com website', 'French Retail', 'Global Banking', 'leading franchises', 'Leasing Services', 'leading partner', 'Inclusion Index', 'International Retail', 'universal banks', 'global player', 'web page', 'Press contacts', 'financial solutions', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'THIRD AMENDMENT', 'Societe Generale', '13th March', 'investors.societegenerale', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'Equity Derivatives', 'Structured Finance', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'The Group', 'sustainable mobility', 'website societegenerale', 'Regulated Information', '3rd November', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '60 countries', '3 November', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Paris', 'number', 'AMF', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'financial-information', 'regulated-information', 'socgen', '117,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8035870185565364,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Tender Offer to Purchase $35 000 000 of Tetragon Non-Voting Shares,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Tender Offer to Purchase $35 000 000 of Tetragon Non-Voting Shares           PR Newswire             LONDON           Nov. 3  2023     /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tende...,"LONDON   Nov. 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tender offer to purchase a portion of its outstanding non-voting shares for a maximum aggregate payment of $35 000 000 in cash. The tender offer  which was initially announced by Tetragon on 25 October 2023   will be conducted as a ""modified Dutch auction"" with shareholders able to tender their Tetragon non-voting shares at prices ranging from and including $8.75 up to and including $10.50 per share. The tender offer is expected to expire at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 6 December 2023   unless extended or terminated earlier. J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its U.K. investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) will act as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC will act as tender agent for the tender offer.Eligible shareholders will be able to indicate how many Tetragon non-voting shares and at what price or prices within the specified range they wish to tender. Based on the number of shares tendered and the prices specified by the tendering shareholders  J.P. Morgan  as dealer manager  will determine the lowest price per share within the range that will enable Tetragon to purchase $35 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares  or a lower amount if the tender offer is not fully subscribed. All shares purchased by Tetragon in the tender offer will be purchased at the same price. If  based on the determined purchase price  more than $35 000 000 in value of shares are properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  valid tenders made below the determined purchase price are expected to be accepted in full  except in the limited circumstances described below  while valid tenders made at the determined purchase price will be subject to proration. However  if the pro rata reduction of the number of shares eligible to be purchased at the determined purchase price is insufficient to reduce the value of the shares to be purchased to $35 000 000   then none of the shares tendered at the determined purchase price will be purchased  and instead there will be a pro rata reduction in the purchase of shares tendered at the next highest price below the determined purchase price to the extent necessary to reduce the value of shares purchased to $35 000 000 . The determined purchase price  as well as the proration factor (if applicable)  is expected to be announced on or 7 December 2023   and Tetragon expects the purchase of shares in the tender offer would be settled promptly thereafter.The tender offer is not conditioned upon the receipt of any minimum number of shares being tendered.This release is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to buy nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of Tetragon. The full details of the tender offer  including complete instructions on how to tender shares  are included in the offer to purchase which is available on Tetragon's website at the following URL:https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/share-repurchasesShareholders should read carefully the offer to purchase because it contains important information. Shareholders may obtain electronic copies of this document free of charge by calling Computershare at +44 37 0707 4040. Shareholders are urged to read these materials carefully prior to making any decision with respect to the tender offer.Contacts:Computershare: +44 37 0707 4040About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam   a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com +44 20 3890 9193 +1 212 279 3115Forward-Looking Statements:This press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are made based upon Tetragon's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Tetragon and therefore involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and Tetragon's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity may differ materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the day they are made and Tetragon does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements unless required by law.This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States . In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets ( Autoriteit Financiële Markten ) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.ANY DECISION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE TENDER OFFER SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY AN ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER OF TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS ANNOUNCEMENT OR TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE CLOSING DATE.In the United Kingdom   this announcement is being distributed to  and is directed at  only (a) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of ""investment professionals"" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended; (b) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005; or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in an investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the tender offer may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The tender offer is available only to relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents. Persons distributing this announcement must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom   is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-tender-offer-to-purchase-35-000-000-of-tetragon-non-voting-shares-301977362.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tetragon Non-Voting Shares', 'Tender Offer', 'U.K. investment banking business', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'pro rata reduction', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'next highest price', 'London Stock Exchange', 'determined purchase price', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'Tetragon non-voting shares', 'investment manager', 'financial condition', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'lowest price', 'same price', 'Dutch auction', 'dealer manager', 'tender agent', 'lower amount', 'valid tenders', 'limited circumstances', 'informational purposes', 'full details', 'complete instructions', 'following URL', 'electronic copies', 'Press Inquiries', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'UK version', 'European Union', 'tender offer', 'proration factor', 'important information', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK law', 'many Tetragon', 'press release', 'Eligible shareholders', 'tendering shareholders', 'minimum number', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'portion', 'cash', '25 October', 'prices', '6 December', 'range', 'value', 'none', 'extent', '7 December', 'receipt', 'solicitation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'repurchases', 'document', 'charge', 'materials', 'decision', 'respect', 'Contacts', 'matters', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'guarantees', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'day', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', '11:59', '44']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,investorsobserver.com
32252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2772971/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7551 £ 23.8242 Estimated MTD return 0.78 % 0.79 % Estimated YTD return -3.65 % -2.47 % Estimated ITD return 167.55 % 138.24 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.55 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.74 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.6837 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4410The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45232438/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 03  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7551 £ 23.8242 Estimated MTD return 0.78 % 0.79 % Estimated YTD return -3.65 % -2.47 % Estimated ITD return 167.55 % 138.24 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.55 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.74 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.6837 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4410The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'November', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/03/quantinno-capital-management-lp-trims-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Quantinno Capital Management LP Trims Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Quantinno Capital Management LP cut its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 11.2% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 5 492 shares of the real estate investm…,Quantinno Capital Management LP cut its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 11.2% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 5 492 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 696 shares during the quarter. Quantinno Capital Management LP’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $1 603 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in PSA. Sunbelt Securities Inc. purchased a new position in Public Storage during the first quarter worth about $26 000. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. lifted its stake in Public Storage by 200.0% during the second quarter. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. now owns 90 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $26 000 after purchasing an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC lifted its stake in Public Storage by 4 900.0% during the first quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 100 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $30 000 after purchasing an additional 98 shares during the last quarter. Aspire Private Capital LLC bought a new stake in Public Storage during the first quarter worth about $30 214 000 000. Finally  ICA Group Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in Public Storage during the fourth quarter worth about $29 000. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesSeveral equities research analysts have issued reports on PSA shares. The Goldman Sachs Group started coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $310.00 price target for the company. Stifel Nicolaus dropped their price target on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. Morgan Stanley started coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price target for the company. Wells Fargo & Company initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price target for the company. Finally  StockNews.com initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $299.83.Public Storage Trading Up 2.3 %NYSE PSA opened at $248.28 on Friday. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The company has a current ratio of 0.98  a quick ratio of 1.28 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $264.37 and a 200-day moving average of $279.60. The firm has a market cap of $43.66 billion  a PE ratio of 22.76  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.94 and a beta of 0.50.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The company had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. During the same period last year  the firm posted $4.13 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. As a group  sell-side analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.74 EPS for the current year.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.35,0.28,True,English,"['Quantinno Capital Management LP Trims Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'Aspire Private Capital LLC', 'Quantinno Capital Management LP', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Several equities research analysts', 'Three equities research analysts', 'Several other hedge funds', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'concise daily summary', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'Pinnacle Bancorp Inc.', '50-day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'other institutional investors', 'latest 13F filings', 'equal weight” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Public Storage alerts', 'consensus target price', 'net margin', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'consensus rating', 'research note', '$310.00 price target', '$250.00 price target', '$270.00 price target', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'recent disclosure', 'new position', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Wells Fargo', 'Moderate Buy', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'earnings results', 'same period', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Recommended Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', '2nd quarter', 'recent quarter', 'first quarter', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'StockNews.com', 'MarketBeat.com', 'year basis', 'current year', 'United States', 'additional 60 shares', 'additional 98 shares', 'new stake', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'PSA shares', '40 states', '5,492 shares', '696 shares', '90 shares', '100 shares', 'company', 'holdings', 'changes', 'positions', 'Downgrades', 'reports', 'coverage', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'Thursday', 'Tuesday', 'October', 'Saturday', 'data', 'Friday', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'Monday', 'return', 'revenue', 'EPS', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests', 'Ratings']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,etfdailynews.com
32255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/03/american-international-group-inc-purchases-484-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,American International Group Inc. Purchases 484 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),American International Group Inc. increased its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1.0% during the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 49 660 shares of the real estate investment trust’s s…,American International Group Inc. increased its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1.0% during the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 49 660 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 484 shares during the period. American International Group Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $14 495 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the business. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. lifted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 200.0% in the 2nd quarter. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. now owns 90 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $26 000 after purchasing an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new position in Public Storage during the 1st quarter valued at about $26 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at about $29 000. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC raised its position in Public Storage by 4 900.0% in the 1st quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 100 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $30 000 after purchasing an additional 98 shares during the period. Finally  DT Investment Partners LLC bought a new stake in Public Storage in the first quarter worth about $32 000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock Up 2.3 %NYSE:PSA opened at $248.28 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $43.66 billion  a PE ratio of 22.76  a P/E/G ratio of 2.94 and a beta of 0.50. The company has a current ratio of 0.98  a quick ratio of 1.28 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The company’s 50 day moving average is $264.37 and its two-hundred day moving average is $279.60. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $316.48.Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). The company had revenue of $1.14 billion for the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The firm’s revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year  the business posted $4.13 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.74 EPS for the current year.A number of analysts have recently issued reports on PSA shares. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their target price on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. Wells Fargo & Company started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 target price on the stock. The Goldman Sachs Group began coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $310.00 price objective on the stock. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on Public Storage in a report on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price objective on the stock. Finally  StockNews.com began coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat.com  Public Storage has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $299.83.Read Our Latest Analysis on Public StorageAbout Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['American International Group Inc.', 'Public Storage', '484 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'DT Investment Partners LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'American International Group Inc.', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'PSA Get Free Report', '50 day moving average', 'Pinnacle Bancorp Inc.', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'concise daily summary', 'other institutional investors', 'latest 13F filings', 'other hedge funds', 'equal weight” rating', 'twelve month low', 'quarterly earnings results', '35% common equity interest', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Wall Street Analysts', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Growth Public Storage', 'consensus price target', 'net margin', 'Public Storage Stock', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'recent quarter', 'target price', 'consensus rating', 'consensus estimate', 'Latest Analysis', '$310.00 price objective', '$250.00 price objective', 'research report', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'prior year', 'current year', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'research note', 'Wells Fargo', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Moderate Buy', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'insider trades', 'related companies', 'latest news', '2nd quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', '4th quarter', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'new position', 'analysts’ expectations', 'Three analysts', 'NYSE:PSA', 'new stake', 'StockNews.com', 'United States', 'additional 484 shares', 'additional 60 shares', 'additional 98 shares', 'PSA shares', 'MarketBeat.com', '$4.13 earnings', '40 states', '49,660 shares', '90 shares', '100 shares', 'holdings', 'period', 'end', 'number', 'business', 'company', 'Friday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Monday', 'October', 'revenue', 'return', 'firm', '16.74 EPS', 'reports', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'Saturday', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests', 'Ratings']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,etfdailynews.com
32256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2772973/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7551 £ 23.8242 Estimated MTD return 0.78 % 0.79 % Estimated YTD return -3.65 % -2.47 % Estimated ITD return 167.55 % 138.24 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.55 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.74 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.6837 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4410The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/03/mirabella-financial-services-llp-invests-2-46-million-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Mirabella Financial Services LLP Invests $2.46 Million in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Mirabella Financial Services LLP acquired a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm acquired 8 438 shares …,Mirabella Financial Services LLP acquired a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm acquired 8 438 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $2 463 000.Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the first quarter worth approximately $26 000. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. increased its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 200.0% during the second quarter. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. now owns 90 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $26 000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC increased its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 4 900.0% during the first quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 100 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $30 000 after buying an additional 98 shares in the last quarter. Aspire Private Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the first quarter valued at approximately $30 214 000 000. Finally  ICA Group Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $29 000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of PSA stock opened at $248.28 on Friday. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $233.18 and a 52-week high of $316.48. The stock has a market cap of $43.66 billion  a PE ratio of 22.76  a PEG ratio of 2.94 and a beta of 0.50. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a quick ratio of 1.28 and a current ratio of 0.98. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $264.37 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $279.60.Analysts Set New Price TargetsPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last posted its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). The firm had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.76% and a net margin of 45.46%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year  the business posted $4.13 earnings per share. As a group  analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.74 EPS for the current year.Several research firms have recently commented on PSA. Truist Financial reissued a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price target on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday. StockNews.com began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price target on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. Finally  The Goldman Sachs Group assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $310.00 price target on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat  the company presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $299.83.Check Out Our Latest Research Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Mirabella Financial Services LLP', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'Aspire Private Capital LLC', '50 day moving average price', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'New Price Targets Public Storage', 'Mirabella Financial Services LLP', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'average target price', 'concise daily summary', 'Pinnacle Bancorp Inc.', 'latest 13F filings', 'Other hedge funds', 'Several research firms', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', '35% common equity interest', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Latest Research Report', 'net margin', '$305.00 price target', '$270.00 price target', '$310.00 price target', 'Truist Financial', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'new position', 'new stake', 'research note', 'latest news', 'recent disclosure', 'Exchange Commission', 'Institutional investors', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'analyst estimates', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'consensus rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'insider trades', 'related companies', '2nd quarter', 'first quarter', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'same quarter', 'NYSE:PSA', 'year basis', 'current year', 'StockNews.com', 'earnings results', 'United States', 'Three analysts', 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 60 shares', 'additional 98 shares', 'PSA stock', 'PSA.', '$4.13 earnings', '40 states', '8,438 shares', '90 shares', '100 shares', 'company', 'holdings', 'Friday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Monday', 'October', 'revenue', 'return', 'business', '16.74 EPS', 'Tuesday', 'coverage', 'Saturday', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests', 'Ratings', '34.', '45.']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,etfdailynews.com
32258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45232441/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 03  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7551 £ 23.8242 Estimated MTD return 0.78 % 0.79 % Estimated YTD return -3.65 % -2.47 % Estimated ITD return 167.55 % 138.24 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.55 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.74 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.6837 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4410The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '02', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/03/4056-shares-in-public-storage-nysepsa-purchased-by-versor-investments-lp/,4 056 Shares in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Purchased by Versor Investments LP,Versor Investments LP bought a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund bought 4 056 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $1 …,Versor Investments LP bought a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund bought 4 056 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $1 184 000.Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of PSA. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at about $670 512 000. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 111 535.5% during the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1 246 968 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $349 388 000 after buying an additional 1 245 851 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 63.6% during the first quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $832 580 000 after buying an additional 1 071 347 shares in the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 789.5% during the first quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 780 897 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $32 917 000 after buying an additional 693 103 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 98 060.3% during the second quarter. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich now owns 343 561 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $100 279 000 after buying an additional 343 211 shares in the last quarter. 78.75% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Wells Fargo & Company assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price objective for the company. Truist Financial restated a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 target price on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their target price on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. Finally  The Goldman Sachs Group assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $310.00 target price for the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $299.83.Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of Public Storage stock traded up $6.86 during trading hours on Friday  hitting $255.12. 62 327 shares of the company were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 932 321. Public Storage has a 1 year low of $233.18 and a 1 year high of $316.48. The company has a current ratio of 0.98  a quick ratio of 1.28 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The business has a 50-day moving average of $264.37 and a 200-day moving average of $279.60. The stock has a market capitalization of $44.86 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.76  a P/E/G ratio of 2.94 and a beta of 0.50.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.76% and a net margin of 45.46%. The company had revenue of $1.14 billion for the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter last year  the company earned $4.13 EPS. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. As a group  analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.74 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Versor Investments LP', 'Public Storage', '4,056 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Envestnet Asset Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Several other institutional investors', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Shares', 'Versor Investments LP', 'concise daily summary', '50-day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'quarterly earnings results', 'New Price Targets', 'equal weight” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'average target price', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Get Free Report', 'current fiscal year', 'net margin', '$305.00 target price', '$250.00 target price', '$310.00 target price', 'Shurgard brand', '$270.00 price objective', 'average volume', 'Norges Bank', 'current ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'new stake', 'research report', 'overweight” rating', 'buy” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'consensus rating', 'recent disclosure', 'Co. Ltd', 'hedge funds', 'Wells Fargo', 'Truist Financial', 'research note', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'trading hours', '1 year low', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E/G ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'email address', 'related companies', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'first quarter', 'second quarter', 'same quarter', 'equities analysts', 'Three analysts', 'analysts’ expectations', 'new position', 'United States', 'latest news', 'additional 1,245,851 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'additional 693,103 shares', 'additional 343,211 shares', ""analysts' ratings"", 'NYSE:PSA', '40 states', '4,056 shares', '1,246,968 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '780,897 shares', '343,561 shares', '62,327 shares', 'SEC.', 'Zurich', 'number', 'company', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'October', 'Thursday', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'data', 'Friday', 'debt', 'business', 'beta', 'Monday', 'return', 'revenue', '16.74 EPS', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests', '34.', '45.']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,etfdailynews.com
32260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTERNATIONAL-PERSONAL-FI-4007183/news/International-Personal-Finance-Amended-and-Restated-Final-Terms-45239026/,International Personal Finance : Amended and Restated Final Terms -November 03  2023 at 12:34 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Final Terms dated 23 October 2023   as amended and restated on 31 October 20231   International Personal Finance plc   Issue of PLN 72 000 000 Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Notes due 3 November 2026   Guaranteed by IPF Ho…,"Final Terms dated 23 October 2023as amended and restated on 31 October 20231International Personal Finance plcIssue of PLN 72 000 000 Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Notes due 3 November 2026Guaranteed by IPF Holdings Limited  International Personal Finance Investments Limited  IPF International Limited and IPF Digital Group Limitedunder the EUR 1 000 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note ProgrammeProhibition of Sales to EEA Retail InvestorsThe Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the ""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in pointof Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  "" MiFID II ""); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "" Insurance Distribution Directive "")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "" EU Prospectus Regulation ""). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "" PRIIPs Regulation "") for offering or selling theNotes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail InvestorsThe Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "" UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended  varied  superseded or substituted from time to time (the ""EUWA""); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.MiFID II product governance / target marketSolely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in MiFID II; (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a ""distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMSTerms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the ""Conditions"") set forth in the Prospectus dated 24 August 2023 which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the ""Prospectus""). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer  the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus has been published on the website of the Regulatory News Service operated by the Euronext Dublin at: https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin.1 All amendments and restatements are indicated with a footnote detailing the relevant changes.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.03,0.32,0.65,True,English,"['International Personal Finance', 'Final Terms', 'November', '12:34', 'EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'PLN 72,000,000 Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Notes', 'International Personal Finance plc Issue', 'International Personal Finance Investments Limited', 'IPF Digital Group Limited', 'MiFID II product governance', 'IPF International Limited', 'IPF Holdings Limited', 'product approval process', 'Regulatory News Service', 'European Economic Area', 'target market assessment', 'UK domestic law', 'key information document', 'appropriate distribution channels', 'Insurance Distribution Directive', 'UK Retail Investors', 'UK PRIIPs Regulation', 'EEA Retail Investors', 'EU Prospectus Regulation', 'Full information', 'European Union', 'retail client', 'professional client', 'qualified investor', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Services', 'eligible counterparties', 'relevant changes', 'base prospectus', 'The Prospectus', 'Final Terms', 'CONTRACTUAL TERMS', 'The Notes', 'PART A', 'EU) No', 'Markets Act', 'Euronext Dublin', '31 October', 'Prohibition', 'Sales', 'purposes', 'point', 'Article', 'customer', 'meaning', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'time', 'EUWA', 'provisions', 'FSMA', 'rules', 'regulations', 'manufacturer', 'respect', 'conclusion', 'distributor', 'consideration', 'Conditions', 'conjunction', 'Issuer', 'Guarantors', 'offer', 'basis', 'combination', 'website', 'amendments', 'restatements', 'footnote']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2773367/0/en/KL%C3%89PIERRE-SEMI-ANNUAL-STATEMENT-OF-LIQUIDITY-AGREEMENT.html,KLÉPIERRE: SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT OF LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT,REGULATED RELEASE  SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENTOF LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT  Paris – November 3  2023  In accordance with the provisions of the French Financial...,REGULATED RELEASESEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENTOF LIQUIDITY AGREEMENTParis – November 3  2023In accordance with the provisions of the French Financial Markets Authority’s decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  establishing liquidity contracts as an accepted market practice  Klépierre informs the public of the implementation of the liquidity contract signed with Képler-Cheuvreux from February 1st  2023 to June 30  2023:Available resources on June 30  2023: 36 000 Klépierre shares and 10 118 599.65 euros;Number of transactions on buy side over first half of 2023: 2 527;Number of transactions on sell side over first half of 2023: 2 290;Traded volume on buy side over first half of 2023: 1 920 152 shares for 43 172 381.46 euros;Traded volume on sell side over first half of 2023: 1 884 152 shares for 42 454 761.77 euros.For the first half of 2023  transactions made within the liquidity contract signed with Rothschild Martin Maurel until January 31  2023 and the liquidity contract signed with Képler-Cheuvreux on February 1  2023 were as follows:Number of transactions on buy side over first half of 2023: 3 289;Number of transactions on sell side over first half of 2023: 3 493;Traded volume on buy side over first half of 2023: 2 212 752 shares for 49 774 371.96 euros ;Traded volume on sell side over first half of 2023: 2 176 752 shares for 49 063 994.27 euros.As a reminder At the date of signature of the liquidity contract with Képler-Cheuvreux  February 1  2023  the available resources were 0 Klépierre share and 15 000 000.00 euros;As a reminder  at December 31  2022  available resources were 0 Klépierre share and 10 731 679.00 euros (under the former liquidity contract signed with Rothschild Martin Maurel);TRANSACTIONS DETAILSJanuary transactions were carried out under the previous liquidity contract signed with Rothschild Martin Maurel.Date Buy side Number of transactions Sell side Number of transactions Buy side Number of shares Sell side Number of shares Buy side Traded volume in EUR Sell side Traded volume in EUR 02/01/2023 18 16 5 300 4 800 117 183.00 106 416.00 03/01/2023 48 58 14 250 11 750 315 780.00 260 732.50 04/01/2023 51 74 15 000 17 200 334 950.00 384 248.00 05/01/2023 47 48 16 000 16 300 358 560.00 365 609.00 06/01/2023 56 81 18 000 18 200 398 700.00 404 768.00 09/01/2023 63 103 26 000 25 800 589 680.00 585 918.00 10/01/2023 38 8 24 500 2 500 542 675.00 55 450.00 11/01/2023 48 175 27 500 49 500 608 025.00 1 096 920.00 12/01/2023 79 129 29 500 29 700 674 075.00 679 239.00 13/01/2023 43 26 19 000 7 300 437 190.00 168 484.00 16/01/2023 19 15 5 500 3 000 124 960.00 68 520.00 17/01/2023 24 28 6 000 8 000 134 100.00 178 800.00 18/01/2023 36 64 18 750 16 500 422 437.50 372 735.00 19/01/2023 21 77 7 250 15 000 162 617.50 338 550.00 20/01/2023 33 71 9 000 15 700 203 850.00 356 547.00 23/01/2023 21 28 8 050 8 000 185 069.50 184 320.00 24/01/2023 25 29 8 000 8 050 187 280.00 188 853.00 25/01/2023 38 125 23 200 23 500 531 512.00 539 090.00 26/01/2023 33 27 6 800 6 500 156 196.00 149 695.00 27/01/2023 21 21 5 000 5 300 117 150.00 124 338.00 January 2023 762 1 203 292 600 292 600 6 601 990.50 6 609 232.50 01/02/2023 26 24 15 000 10 000 345 900.00 231 300.00 02/02/2023 22 29 23 000 20 000 547 860.00 478 400.00 03/02/2023 51 28 45 000 25 000 1 112 400.00 620 750.00 06/02/2023 25 13 23 000 17 000 558 440.00 413 440.00 07/02/2023 13 10 13 000 8 000 311 350.00 191 920.00 08/02/2023 11 24 8 000 22 000 192 640.00 531 300.00 09/02/2023 24 15 29 000 18 000 711 080.00 442 800.00 10/02/2023 19 2 20 000 3 000 480 200.00 72 900.00 13/02/2023 - 19 - 21 000 - 504 420.00 14/02/2023 30 38 35 000 25 000 843 150.00 605 500.00 15/02/2023 70 - 68 000 - 1 638 800.00 - 16/02/2023 171 - 99 996 - 2 354 905.80 - 17/02/2023 12 60 10 000 40 000 235 700.00 953 200.00 20/02/2023 41 57 36 000 32 000 848 160.00 766 400.00 21/02/2023 64 30 48 000 24 000 1 116 000.00 559 680.00 22/02/2023 71 - 30 000 - 685 800.00 - 23/02/2023 6 66 6 490 50 000 148 426.30 1 153 500.00 24/02/2023 30 34 26 000 18 000 607 880.00 422 820.00 27/02/2023 - 65 - 48 000 - 1 140 000.00 28/02/2023 4 20 7 000 17 000 165 550.00 404 770.00 February 2023 690 534 542 486 398 000 12 904 242.10 9 493 100.00Date Buy side Number of transactions Sell side Number of transactions Buy side Number of shares Sell side Number of shares Buy side Traded volume in EUR Sell side Traded volume in EUR 01/03/2023 31 6 27 000 3 000 636 120.00 71 310.00 02/03/2023 45 11 20 000 9 000 467 200.00 211 230.00 03/03/2023 - 53 - 48 486 - 1 149 603.06 06/03/2023 - 46 - 28 000 - 678 720.00 07/03/2023 22 42 20 000 28 000 486 600.00 685 720.00 08/03/2023 49 - 30 000 - 722 100.00 - 09/03/2023 25 - 29 072 - 686 680.64 - 10/03/2023 26 33 18 000 29 000 416 520.00 675 120.00 13/03/2023 52 45 40 000 36 000 915 200.00 830 520.00 14/03/2023 - 60 - 53 000 - 1 256 630.00 15/03/2023 74 - 46 000 - 1 068 580.00 - 16/03/2023 28 9 24 000 8 000 546 480.00 188 000.00 17/03/2023 39 2 30 000 2 948 680 100.00 66 919.60 20/03/2023 10 55 8 000 45 000 177 840.00 1 029 600.00 21/03/2023 - 36 - 25 000 - 580 750.00 22/03/2023 65 - 60 000 - 1 326 000.00 - 23/03/2023 43 - 32 000 - 675 520.00 - 24/03/2023 45 15 38 000 10 000 775 960.00 205 900.00 27/03/2023 23 29 15 000 15 000 309 150.00 311 100.00 28/03/2023 41 9 29 000 8 000 568 980.00 158 400.00 29/03/2023 1 29 2 000 24 000 39 200.00 482 640.00 30/03/2023 - 34 - 25 124 - 523 584.16 31/03/2023 21 2 23 000 2 000 476 560.00 42 000.00 March 2023 640 516 491 072 399 558 10 974 790 64 9 147 746.82 03/04/2023 34 12 17 000 14 000 355 810.00 294 700.00 04/04/2023 14 17 10 000 18 000 211 500.00 382 860.00 05/04/2023 33 5 36 000 4 000 742 680.00 84 760.00 06/04/2023 - 31 - 35 000 - 732 200.00 11/04/2023 17 2 20 000 2 000 419 600.00 42 400.00 12/04/2023 - 25 - 30 000 - 639 600.00 13/04/2023 - 21 - 23 000 - 497 490.00 14/04/2023 20 18 17 026 19 000 367 080.56 410 970.00 17/04/2023 11 19 10 000 18 000 216 300.00 391 680.00 18/04/2023 1 29 2 000 20 000 43 800.00 441 200.00 19/04/2023 22 18 14 000 14 107 303 380.00 307 109.39 20/04/2023 18 9 12 000 10 000 261 120.00 218 600.00 21/04/2023 11 29 16 000 22 000 347 840.00 480 040.00 24/04/2023 12 12 12 000 8 000 263 040.00 176 240.00 25/04/2023 36 17 30 000 18 000 647 700.00 390 600.00 26/04/2023 24 46 20 000 52 000 438 200.00 1 151 280.00 27/04/2023 28 45 22 300 42 000 497 067.00 940 380.00 28/04/2023 8 62 6 000 56 000 135 540.00 1 278 480.00 April 2023 289 417 244 326 405 107 5 250 657.56 8 860 589.39Date Buy side Number of transactions Sell side Number of transactions Buy side Number of shares Sell side Number of shares Buy side Traded volume in EUR Sell side Traded volume in EUR 02/05/2023 55 7 39 000 10 000 878 280.00 228 500.00 03/05/2023 25 - 12 000 - 267 000.00 - 04/05/2023 67 4 40 000 4 000 876 400.00 89 000.00 05/05/2023 - 52 - 62 219 - 1 375 039.90 08/05/2023 2 14 4 000 12 000 88 200.00 265 680.00 09/05/2023 25 - 22 000 - 477 840.00 - 10/05/2023 4 39 2 000 40 000 42 900.00 871 200.00 11/05/2023 23 7 26 000 4 000 559 780.00 87 920.00 12/05/2023 24 8 20 000 8 000 424 000.00 170 800.00 15/05/2023 - 36 - 45 000 - 961 650.00 16/05/2023 26 4 20 812 6 000 441 214.40 128 400.00 17/05/2023 31 22 14 000 26 000 292 320.00 546 260.00 18/05/2023 27 4 18 908 4 000 395 366.28 85 200.00 19/05/2023 - 12 - 26 000 - 546 000.00 22/05/2023 17 5 12 000 2 000 251 400.00 42 300.00 23/05/2023 - 28 - 24 000 - 511 920.00 24/05/2023 15 - 16 000 - 338 560.00 - 25/05/2023 8 - 10 000 - 212 800.00 - 26/05/2023 34 - 24 000 - 504 240.00 - 29/05/2023 - 33 - 23 000 - 485 070.00 30/05/2023 - 18 - 14 000 - 297 640.00 31/05/2023 14 20 6 000 14 000 126 180.00 296 800.00 May 2023 397 313 286 720 324 219 6 176 480.68 6 989 379.90 01/06/2023 45 9 33 000 6 000 697 950.00 127 440.00 02/06/2023 - 38 - 28 000 - 609 840.00 05/06/2023 40 11 24 000 6 000 531 840.00 133 200.00 06/06/2023 20 - 16 401 - 360 657.99 - 07/06/2023 11 61 8 000 46 000 177 040.00 1 022 580.00 08/06/2023 59 40 18 400 18 342 412 896.00 413 245.26 09/06/2023 11 30 6 477 17 158 145 538.19 386 912.90 12/06/2023 31 8 30 000 6 000 674 700.00 136 800.00 13/06/2023 12 11 10 000 12 000 220 000.00 265 080.00 14/06/2023 7 30 9 000 18 000 200 790.00 402 660.00 15/06/2023 41 8 42 000 2 000 937 440.00 45 000.00 16/06/2023 6 58 6 000 31 000 133 320.00 702 460.00 19/06/2023 39 7 30 270 6 000 674 718.30 135 240.00 20/06/2023 9 40 8 000 30 149 177 440.00 675 337.60 21/06/2023 75 13 30 000 12 000 665 100.00 267 960.00 22/06/2023 18 36 10 000 21 000 220 600.00 467 460.00 23/06/2023 33 6 26 000 12 000 568 360.00 264 360.00 26/06/2023 5 17 6 000 24 000 129 600.00 524 160.00 27/06/2023 14 22 12 000 16 619 263 760.00 367 279.90 28/06/2023 17 23 16 000 20 000 357 760.00 449 000.00 29/06/2023 15 34 10 000 17 000 225 700.00 385 050.00 June 2023 511 510 355 548 357 268 7 866 210.48 7 963 945.66 FIRST HALF 2023 3 289 3 493 2 212 752 2 176 752 49 774 371.96 49 063 994.27INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS Paul Logerot  Group Head of IR and Financial Communication+33 (0)7 50 66 05 63 — paul.logerot@klepierre.comHugo Martins  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 11 63 24 — hugo.martins@klepierre.comTanguy Phelippeau  IR Officer+33 (0)7 72 09 29 57 — tanguy.phelippeau@klepierre.comABOUT KLÉPIERREKlépierre is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company’s portfolio is valued at €19.4 billion at June 30  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia’s number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP’s “A-list”. These distinctions underscore the Group’s commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.For more information  please visit the newsroom on our website: www.klepierre.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.2,0.35,0.44,True,English,"['KLÉPIERRE', 'SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Rothschild Martin Maurel', '0 Klépierre share', 'former liquidity contract', 'previous liquidity contract', 'Buy side Number', 'Sell side Number', 'EUR Sell side', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'liquidity contracts', 'REGULATED RELEASE', 'SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT', 'market practice', 'Képler-Cheuvreux', 'first half', 'available resources', 'February 1st', 'TRANSACTIONS DETAILS', 'January transactions', '1,920,152 shares', '84,152 shares', '2,212,752 shares', '2,176,752 shares', 'Paris', 'November', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'decision', 'June', 'accepted', 'public', 'implementation', '99.65 euros', 'volume', '1.46 euros', 'reminder', 'date', 'signature', '15,000,000.00 euros', 'December', '10,731,679.00 euros', '43', '42', '49', '27']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KLEPIERRE-4665/news/KLEPIERRE-SEMI-ANNUAL-STATEMENT-OF-LIQUIDITY-AGREEMENT-45239226/,KLÉPIERRE: SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT OF LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT -November 03  2023 at 12:46 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED RELEASE SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENTOF LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT Paris – November 3  2023 In accordance with the provisions of the French Financial Markets Authority’s decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  establishing liquidity contracts a…,REGULATED RELEASESEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENTOF LIQUIDITY AGREEMENTParis – November 3  2023In accordance with the provisions of the French Financial Markets Authority’s decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  establishing liquidity contracts as an accepted market practice  Klépierre informs the public of the implementation of the liquidity contract signed with Képler-Cheuvreux from February 1st  2023 to June 30  2023:Available resources on June 30  2023: 36 000 Klépierre shares and 10 118 599.65 euros;Number of transactions on buy side over first half of 2023: 2 527;Number of transactions on sell side over first half of 2023: 2 290;Traded volume on buy side over first half of 2023: 1 920 152 shares for 43 172 381.46 euros;Traded volume on sell side over first half of 2023: 1 884 152 shares for 42 454 761.77 euros.For the first half of 2023  transactions made within the liquidity contract signed with Rothschild Martin Maurel until January 31  2023 and the liquidity contract signed with Képler-Cheuvreux on February 1  2023 were as follows:Number of transactions on buy side over first half of 2023: 3 289;Number of transactions on sell side over first half of 2023: 3 493;Traded volume on buy side over first half of 2023: 2 212 752 shares for 49 774 371.96 euros ;Traded volume on sell side over first half of 2023: 2 176 752 shares for 49 063 994.27 euros.As a reminder At the date of signature of the liquidity contract with Képler-Cheuvreux  February 1  2023  the available resources were 0 Klépierre share and 15 000 000.00 euros;As a reminder  at December 31  2022  available resources were 0 Klépierre share and 10 731 679.00 euros (under the former liquidity contract signed with Rothschild Martin Maurel);TRANSACTIONS DETAILSJanuary transactions were carried out under the previous liquidity contract signed with Rothschild Martin Maurel.Date Buy side Number of transactions Sell side Number of transactions Buy side Number of shares Sell side Number of shares Buy side Traded volume in EUR Sell side Traded volume in EUR 02/01/2023 18 16 5 300 4 800 117 183.00 106 416.00 03/01/2023 48 58 14 250 11 750 315 780.00 260 732.50 04/01/2023 51 74 15 000 17 200 334 950.00 384 248.00 05/01/2023 47 48 16 000 16 300 358 560.00 365 609.00 06/01/2023 56 81 18 000 18 200 398 700.00 404 768.00 09/01/2023 63 103 26 000 25 800 589 680.00 585 918.00 10/01/2023 38 8 24 500 2 500 542 675.00 55 450.00 11/01/2023 48 175 27 500 49 500 608 025.00 1 096 920.00 12/01/2023 79 129 29 500 29 700 674 075.00 679 239.00 13/01/2023 43 26 19 000 7 300 437 190.00 168 484.00 16/01/2023 19 15 5 500 3 000 124 960.00 68 520.00 17/01/2023 24 28 6 000 8 000 134 100.00 178 800.00 18/01/2023 36 64 18 750 16 500 422 437.50 372 735.00 19/01/2023 21 77 7 250 15 000 162 617.50 338 550.00 20/01/2023 33 71 9 000 15 700 203 850.00 356 547.00 23/01/2023 21 28 8 050 8 000 185 069.50 184 320.00 24/01/2023 25 29 8 000 8 050 187 280.00 188 853.00 25/01/2023 38 125 23 200 23 500 531 512.00 539 090.00 26/01/2023 33 27 6 800 6 500 156 196.00 149 695.00 27/01/2023 21 21 5 000 5 300 117 150.00 124 338.00 January 2023 762 1 203 292 600 292 600 6 601 990.50 6 609 232.50 01/02/2023 26 24 15 000 10 000 345 900.00 231 300.00 02/02/2023 22 29 23 000 20 000 547 860.00 478 400.00 03/02/2023 51 28 45 000 25 000 1 112 400.00 620 750.00 06/02/2023 25 13 23 000 17 000 558 440.00 413 440.00 07/02/2023 13 10 13 000 8 000 311 350.00 191 920.00 08/02/2023 11 24 8 000 22 000 192 640.00 531 300.00 09/02/2023 24 15 29 000 18 000 711 080.00 442 800.00 10/02/2023 19 2 20 000 3 000 480 200.00 72 900.00 13/02/2023 - 19 - 21 000 - 504 420.00 14/02/2023 30 38 35 000 25 000 843 150.00 605 500.00 15/02/2023 70 - 68 000 - 1 638 800.00 - 16/02/2023 171 - 99 996 - 2 354 905.80 - 17/02/2023 12 60 10 000 40 000 235 700.00 953 200.00 20/02/2023 41 57 36 000 32 000 848 160.00 766 400.00 21/02/2023 64 30 48 000 24 000 1 116 000.00 559 680.00 22/02/2023 71 - 30 000 - 685 800.00 - 23/02/2023 6 66 6 490 50 000 148 426.30 1 153 500.00 24/02/2023 30 34 26 000 18 000 607 880.00 422 820.00 27/02/2023 - 65 - 48 000 - 1 140 000.00 28/02/2023 4 20 7 000 17 000 165 550.00 404 770.00 February 2023 690 534 542 486 398 000 12 904 242.10 9 493 100.00Date Buy side Number of transactions Sell side Number of transactions Buy side Number of shares Sell side Number of shares Buy side Traded volume in EUR Sell side Traded volume in EUR 01/03/2023 31 6 27 000 3 000 636 120.00 71 310.00 02/03/2023 45 11 20 000 9 000 467 200.00 211 230.00 03/03/2023 - 53 - 48 486 - 1 149 603.06 06/03/2023 - 46 - 28 000 - 678 720.00 07/03/2023 22 42 20 000 28 000 486 600.00 685 720.00 08/03/2023 49 - 30 000 - 722 100.00 - 09/03/2023 25 - 29 072 - 686 680.64 - 10/03/2023 26 33 18 000 29 000 416 520.00 675 120.00 13/03/2023 52 45 40 000 36 000 915 200.00 830 520.00 14/03/2023 - 60 - 53 000 - 1 256 630.00 15/03/2023 74 - 46 000 - 1 068 580.00 - 16/03/2023 28 9 24 000 8 000 546 480.00 188 000.00 17/03/2023 39 2 30 000 2 948 680 100.00 66 919.60 20/03/2023 10 55 8 000 45 000 177 840.00 1 029 600.00 21/03/2023 - 36 - 25 000 - 580 750.00 22/03/2023 65 - 60 000 - 1 326 000.00 - 23/03/2023 43 - 32 000 - 675 520.00 - 24/03/2023 45 15 38 000 10 000 775 960.00 205 900.00 27/03/2023 23 29 15 000 15 000 309 150.00 311 100.00 28/03/2023 41 9 29 000 8 000 568 980.00 158 400.00 29/03/2023 1 29 2 000 24 000 39 200.00 482 640.00 30/03/2023 - 34 - 25 124 - 523 584.16 31/03/2023 21 2 23 000 2 000 476 560.00 42 000.00 March 2023 640 516 491 072 399 558 10 974 790 64 9 147 746.82 03/04/2023 34 12 17 000 14 000 355 810.00 294 700.00 04/04/2023 14 17 10 000 18 000 211 500.00 382 860.00 05/04/2023 33 5 36 000 4 000 742 680.00 84 760.00 06/04/2023 - 31 - 35 000 - 732 200.00 11/04/2023 17 2 20 000 2 000 419 600.00 42 400.00 12/04/2023 - 25 - 30 000 - 639 600.00 13/04/2023 - 21 - 23 000 - 497 490.00 14/04/2023 20 18 17 026 19 000 367 080.56 410 970.00 17/04/2023 11 19 10 000 18 000 216 300.00 391 680.00 18/04/2023 1 29 2 000 20 000 43 800.00 441 200.00 19/04/2023 22 18 14 000 14 107 303 380.00 307 109.39 20/04/2023 18 9 12 000 10 000 261 120.00 218 600.00 21/04/2023 11 29 16 000 22 000 347 840.00 480 040.00 24/04/2023 12 12 12 000 8 000 263 040.00 176 240.00 25/04/2023 36 17 30 000 18 000 647 700.00 390 600.00 26/04/2023 24 46 20 000 52 000 438 200.00 1 151 280.00 27/04/2023 28 45 22 300 42 000 497 067.00 940 380.00 28/04/2023 8 62 6 000 56 000 135 540.00 1 278 480.00 April 2023 289 417 244 326 405 107 5 250 657.56 8 860 589.39Date Buy side Number of transactions Sell side Number of transactions Buy side Number of shares Sell side Number of shares Buy side Traded volume in EUR Sell side Traded volume in EUR 02/05/2023 55 7 39 000 10 000 878 280.00 228 500.00 03/05/2023 25 - 12 000 - 267 000.00 - 04/05/2023 67 4 40 000 4 000 876 400.00 89 000.00 05/05/2023 - 52 - 62 219 - 1 375 039.90 08/05/2023 2 14 4 000 12 000 88 200.00 265 680.00 09/05/2023 25 - 22 000 - 477 840.00 - 10/05/2023 4 39 2 000 40 000 42 900.00 871 200.00 11/05/2023 23 7 26 000 4 000 559 780.00 87 920.00 12/05/2023 24 8 20 000 8 000 424 000.00 170 800.00 15/05/2023 - 36 - 45 000 - 961 650.00 16/05/2023 26 4 20 812 6 000 441 214.40 128 400.00 17/05/2023 31 22 14 000 26 000 292 320.00 546 260.00 18/05/2023 27 4 18 908 4 000 395 366.28 85 200.00 19/05/2023 - 12 - 26 000 - 546 000.00 22/05/2023 17 5 12 000 2 000 251 400.00 42 300.00 23/05/2023 - 28 - 24 000 - 511 920.00 24/05/2023 15 - 16 000 - 338 560.00 - 25/05/2023 8 - 10 000 - 212 800.00 - 26/05/2023 34 - 24 000 - 504 240.00 - 29/05/2023 - 33 - 23 000 - 485 070.00 30/05/2023 - 18 - 14 000 - 297 640.00 31/05/2023 14 20 6 000 14 000 126 180.00 296 800.00 May 2023 397 313 286 720 324 219 6 176 480.68 6 989 379.90 01/06/2023 45 9 33 000 6 000 697 950.00 127 440.00 02/06/2023 - 38 - 28 000 - 609 840.00 05/06/2023 40 11 24 000 6 000 531 840.00 133 200.00 06/06/2023 20 - 16 401 - 360 657.99 - 07/06/2023 11 61 8 000 46 000 177 040.00 1 022 580.00 08/06/2023 59 40 18 400 18 342 412 896.00 413 245.26 09/06/2023 11 30 6 477 17 158 145 538.19 386 912.90 12/06/2023 31 8 30 000 6 000 674 700.00 136 800.00 13/06/2023 12 11 10 000 12 000 220 000.00 265 080.00 14/06/2023 7 30 9 000 18 000 200 790.00 402 660.00 15/06/2023 41 8 42 000 2 000 937 440.00 45 000.00 16/06/2023 6 58 6 000 31 000 133 320.00 702 460.00 19/06/2023 39 7 30 270 6 000 674 718.30 135 240.00 20/06/2023 9 40 8 000 30 149 177 440.00 675 337.60 21/06/2023 75 13 30 000 12 000 665 100.00 267 960.00 22/06/2023 18 36 10 000 21 000 220 600.00 467 460.00 23/06/2023 33 6 26 000 12 000 568 360.00 264 360.00 26/06/2023 5 17 6 000 24 000 129 600.00 524 160.00 27/06/2023 14 22 12 000 16 619 263 760.00 367 279.90 28/06/2023 17 23 16 000 20 000 357 760.00 449 000.00 29/06/2023 15 34 10 000 17 000 225 700.00 385 050.00 June 2023 511 510 355 548 357 268 7 866 210.48 7 963 945.66 FIRST HALF 2023 3 289 3 493 2 212 752 2 176 752 49 774 371.96 49 063 994.27INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS Paul Logerot  Group Head of IR and Financial Communication+33 (0)7 50 66 05 63 — paul.logerot@klepierre.comHugo Martins  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 11 63 24 — hugo.martins@klepierre.comTanguy Phelippeau  IR Officer+33 (0)7 72 09 29 57 — tanguy.phelippeau@klepierre.comABOUT KLÉPIERREKlépierre is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company’s portfolio is valued at €19.4 billion at June 30  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia’s number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP’s “A-list”. These distinctions underscore the Group’s commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.For more information  please visit the newsroom on our website: www.klepierre.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.2,0.35,0.44,True,English,"['KLÉPIERRE', 'SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'November', '12:46', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Rothschild Martin Maurel', '0 Klépierre share', 'former liquidity contract', 'previous liquidity contract', 'Buy side Number', 'Sell side Number', 'EUR Sell side', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'liquidity contracts', 'REGULATED RELEASE', 'SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT', 'market practice', 'Képler-Cheuvreux', 'first half', 'available resources', 'February 1st', 'TRANSACTIONS DETAILS', 'January transactions', '1,920,152 shares', '84,152 shares', '2,212,752 shares', '2,176,752 shares', 'Paris', 'November', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'decision', 'June', 'accepted', 'public', 'implementation', '99.65 euros', 'volume', '1.46 euros', 'reminder', 'date', 'signature', '15,000,000.00 euros', 'December', '10,731,679.00 euros', '43', '42', '49', '27']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2772965/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-third-quarter-2023-Trading-Update.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers third quarter 2023 Trading Update,Lochem  3 November 2023  ForFarmers third quarter 2023 Trading Update  “The results in the third quarter show a recovery of underlying EBITDA. Sales......,"Lochem  3 November 2023ForFarmers third quarter 2023 Trading Update“The results in the third quarter show a recovery of underlying EBITDA. Sales volumes did decline compared to last year in the third quarter  but were roughly equal to the second quarter of this year.The new way of working  in which local organisations are active in the market with various products and specific advice  is bearing fruit. It underpins our confidence in the more positive result development for the second half of the year  as stated in our first half-year press release.We received permission to sell the compound feed activities in Belgium and closed this transaction in October. We also hope to be able to close the already announced acquisition of Piast in Poland soon. This strengthens the basis for our further development.Delivering good feed at a competitive price is key to our approach. We have proven this by being able to offer our customers competitive feed prices. This has increasingly led to a stronger market position. Together with farmers we are working at making food production more sustainable. We are doing this very cost-consciously  especially now that the affordability of food is becoming increasingly relevant. I notice among our employees that they want and can make a difference in this. This makes us proud and gives us confidence for the future”  says Pieter Wolleswinkel  CEO of ForFarmers.Market developments in third quarter 2023Average prices in Europe for meat and eggs were higher in the third quarter of 2023 than a year before. They were also higher than in the United States  Brazil  and Canada  thus impacting export from Europe. As of the beginning of this year milk prices in Europe have started to drop. Dairy farmers received substantially less for their milk in the third quarter of 2023 than a year earlier. Prices for raw materials and energy were also much lower than in the third quarter of 2022. At that time  the war in Ukraine threatened to create a major shortage of raw materials and energy  causing prices to rise significantly. Given geopolitical developments concerns remain about the availability of raw materials and consequently the price development of raw materials as well as energy and diesel prices remain volatile.Development consolidated results ForFarmers in the third quarter 20231:• Total volumes (incl. co-products & others): -6.2%of which compound feed: -5.7%• Gross profit: +4.3%• Underlying EBITDA: +33.6%1. Results and developments of the third quarter 2023 are compared to those of the third quarter 2022  unless stated differently.Compared to the third quarter 2022  volumes were lower for all species. Less feed was sold in the ruminant sector due to the steadily declining milk prices since the beginning of this year  combined with good weather conditions. At the same time  the market specific approach led to winning new customers regionally. In certain regions  some dairy farmers and pig farmers decided to stop farming following policy decisions. This is one of the reasons why the number of animals in the pig sector is at an all-time low. Volumes in this sector remained fairly stable however  when compared to volumes in both the first and the second quarter of 2023. Slightly less feed was sold in the poultry sector than a year earlier. This was due to both the transition to Better Life welfare concepts in the Netherlands and to stopping the feed production in Belgium for this sector. At the same time  feed volumes in Poland increased.Net revenues decreased versus a year earlier  driven by lower raw material prices and lower volumes. Gross profit grew on the back of a better product mix and the specific local approach. Underlying total operating expenses were roughly stable. Energy costs were lower than last year when they were extremely high as a result of the war in Ukraine. Although there were less employees (in ftes) than last year  personnel costs were higher due to the collective labour agreement increases at the beginning of 2023. Underlying EBITDA increased by 33.6%.Interim CFOThe Supervisory Board has appointed Hans Kerkhoven as interim CFO. Mr. Kerkhoven will start on 27 November coming and will stay until a new statutory CFO has been appointed by the general shareholders meeting at the latest.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 000 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its ‘For the Future of Farming’ mission ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is a prominent player in Europe with annual sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed. The company is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland  and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has roughly 2 400 employees. In 2022 revenue amounted to approximately €3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu  www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects “  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at “  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.2,0.35,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers third quarter', 'Trading Update', 'Better Life welfare concepts', 'collective labour agreement increases', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'first half-year press release', 'lower raw material prices', 'The Supervisory Board', 'general shareholders meeting', 'Director Investor Relations', 'stronger market position', 'good weather conditions', 'total operating expenses', 'compound feed activities', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'new statutory CFO', 'market specific approach', 'specific local approach', 'declining milk prices', 'competitive feed prices', 'positive result development', 'ForFarmers third quarter', 'good feed', 'specific advice', 'lower volumes', 'local organisations', 'competitive price', 'raw materials', 'Less feed', 'feed production', 'animal feed', 'new way', 'Interim CFO', 'Market developments', 'Average prices', 'diesel prices', 'second quarter', 'Total volumes', 'Trading Update', 'underlying EBITDA', 'second half', 'Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'United States', 'major shortage', 'Gross profit', 'policy decisions', 'Net revenues', 'product mix', 'personnel costs', 'Hans Kerkhoven', 'Mr. Kerkhoven', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'international organisation', 'prominent player', 'annual sales', '9 million tonnes', 'feed volumes', 'new customers', 'Dairy farmers', 'price development', 'pig farmers', 'Farming’ mission', 'geopolitical developments', 'ruminant sector', 'same time', 'pig sector', 'poultry sector', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'agricultural sector', 'Sales volumes', 'various products', 'food production', 'less employees', 'last year', 'Energy costs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '3 November', 'results', 'recovery', 'fruit', 'confidence', 'permission', 'Belgium', 'transaction', 'October', 'acquisition', 'Piast', 'Poland', 'basis', 'affordability', 'difference', 'future', 'CEO', 'Europe', 'meat', 'eggs', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'export', 'beginning', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'concerns', 'availability', 'others', 'species', 'regions', 'reasons', 'number', 'animals', 'Slightly', 'transition', 'Netherlands', 'back', 'ftes', '27 November', 'sense', 'Note', 'editor', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'company', '1.']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
32264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LUCAS-BOLS-N-V-20757386/news/Lucas-Bols-N-Update-on-intended-Public-Offer-by-the-Nolet-Group-for-Lucas-Bols-45232765/,Lucas Bols N : Update on intended Public Offer by the Nolet Group for Lucas Bols -November 03  2023 at 03:05 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   JOINT PRESS RELEASE   This is a joint press release by HollandsGlorie B.V.   an affiliate of Nolet Holding B.V. and Lucas Bols N.V. . This joint press release is issued pursuant to the provisions of Section 7  paragraph 1 sub a of …,"JOINT PRESS RELEASE This is a joint press release by HollandsGlorie B.V. (the ""Offeror"")  an affiliate of Nolet Holding B.V. (""Nolet""  and together with its affiliates the ""Nolet Group"") and Lucas Bols N.V. (""Lucas Bols"" or the ""Company""). This joint press release is issued pursuant to the provisions of Section 7  paragraph 1 sub a of the Dutch Decree in Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the intended recommended public offer by the Offeror for all the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Company (the ""Offer""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities in the Company. Any offer will be made only by means of an offer memorandum approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the ""AFM""). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful  including the United States. Update on intended public offer by the Nolet Group for Lucas Bols Schiedam  Amsterdam  the Netherlands  3 November 2023 - Reference is made to the joint press release issued by the Nolet Group and Lucas Bols on 9 October 2023 in respect of the conditional agreement on a recommended all-cashpublic offer to be made by the Offeror for all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Company (each a ""Share"") at an offer price of EUR 18 per Share (cum dividend). Pursuant to the provisions of Section 7  paragraph 1 sub a of the Decree  which requires a public announcement with a status update on an intended public offer within four weeks after the offer is announced  the Nolet Group and Lucas Bols provide this joint update on the Offer. The Nolet Group and Lucas Bols confirm that they are making good progress on the preparations for the Offer. A request for review and approval of the Offer Memorandum will be filed with the AFM no later than the first half of November 2023. As communicated in the joint press release dated 9 October 2023  the Nolet Group and Lucas Bols anticipate that the Offer will close in the first half of 2024. [1]For more information  please contact: Press enquiries Nolet Press enquiries Lucas Bols René Loman Huub van Doorne (CEO) and Frank Cocx (CFO) T +31 6 5185 2226 T +31 6 1508 3143 Emedia@nolet.nl Eir@lucasbols.com About Nolet Group Since its establishment in 1691  Nolet Family Distillery has been continuously owned by the Nolet family. It is one of the oldest family businesses in the Netherlands  with a rich heritage. The Nolet family business has been making excellent spirits with traditional methods using state-of-the-art technology. His Majesty the King has granted the company the right to use the 'Royal' designation. Current head of the Nolet family is Carel Nolet (1941)  who expanded the family business in the early 1980s to create a modern distillery. In the tradition of his forefathers  Carel Nolet made the distillery a worldwide player in over 90 countries with his super premium brands. In 1977  he presented his smooth and pure KETEL 1 Jenever. In 1983 he introduced the now world-famous Ketel One Vodka in the United States  which is distributed and marketed through a 50-50 joint venture with Diageo since 2008. Today  it is the world's leading bartenders' favourite vodka. Of more recent date are NOLET'S Gin and Ketel One Botanical. Carel Nolet shares his craftsmanship  his love of the profession and the family recipes with his sons Carel Jr. and Bob  who are the eleventh generation of Nolet. The twelfth generation is already on the way. About The Lucas Bols Company The Lucas Bols Company is a leading global cocktail and spirits player in the worldwide cocktail market and one of the oldest Dutch companies still active. Lucas Bols' mission is to create great cocktail experiences around the globe. The Lucas Bols Company is active in over 110 countries worldwide with a portfolio of three global cocktail brands and more than 20 international and regional liqueurs and spirits. Bols  The World's First Cocktail Brand  includes the number-one liqueur range globally (not including the US). Lucas Bols is also the world's largest player in the genever segment  and our portfolio of cocktail brands includes Passoã  the number one passion fruit liqueur  and the ultra-premium Tequila Partida brand. Through the House of Bols Cocktail & Genever Experience and the Bols Cocktail Academy  Lucas Bols showcases and inspires and educates bartenders and consumers a-like. With almost 450 years of experience in the art of distilling and blending spirits and cocktails combined with the creative spirit of Amsterdam  we truly are 'Masters of Taste'. Lucas Bols has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam (BOLS) since 4 February 2015. General restrictions The information in this announcement is not intended to be complete. This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to acquire or dispose of any securities or investment advice or an inducement to enter into investment activity. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or issue or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire the securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. [2]",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.27,0.34,True,English,"['Lucas Bols N', 'Public Offer', 'Nolet Group', 'Update', 'November', '03:05', 'Lucas Bols René Loman Huub van Doorne', 'number one passion fruit liqueur', 'Besluit openbare biedingen Wft', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'ultra-premium Tequila Partida brand', 'famous Ketel One Vodka', ""leading bartenders' favourite vodka"", 'three global cocktail brands', 'Nolet Holding B.V.', 'Lucas Bols N.V.', 'The Lucas Bols Company', 'The Nolet family business', 'Ketel One Botanical', 'HollandsGlorie B.V.', 'number-one liqueur range', 'leading global cocktail', 'pure KETEL 1 Jenever', 'super premium brands', 'great cocktail experiences', '50-50 joint venture', 'First Cocktail Brand', 'Lucas Bols Schiedam', 'oldest family businesses', 'Bols Cocktail Academy', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'worldwide cocktail market', 'oldest Dutch companies', 'JOINT PRESS RELEASE', 'The Nolet Group', 'Nolet Press enquiries', 'intended public offer', 'Nolet Family Distillery', 'The World', 'family recipes', 'joint update', 'worldwide player', 'Dutch Authority', 'first half', 'Carel Nolet', 'outstanding shares', 'Financial Markets', 'United States', 'conditional agreement', 'cum dividend', 'four weeks', 'good progress', 'Frank Cocx', 'nl Eir', 'rich heritage', 'traditional methods', 'His Majesty', ""Royal' designation"", 'Current head', 'early 1980s', 'modern distillery', 'recent date', 'Carel Jr.', 'eleventh generation', 'twelfth generation', 'regional liqueurs', 'largest player', 'genever segment', 'creative spirit', 'General restrictions', 'public announcement', 'Dutch Decree', 'status update', 'offer memorandum', 'cashpublic offer', 'offer price', 'excellent spirits', 'spirits player', 'Genever Experience', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'information purposes', 'Nolet.', 'Offeror', 'affiliate', 'provisions', 'Section', 'paragraph', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'AFM', 'publication', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'Netherlands', 'Reference', '9 October', 'respect', 'preparations', 'request', 'review', 'approval', 'November', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'lucasbols', 'establishment', 'technology', 'King', 'right', 'forefathers', '90 countries', 'smooth', 'Diageo', 'Gin', 'craftsmanship', 'love', 'profession', 'sons', 'Bob', 'way', 'mission', 'globe', '110 countries', 'portfolio', '20 international', 'Passoã', 'House', 'consumers', '450 years', 'distilling', 'cocktails', 'Masters', 'Taste', '4 February', 'invitatio']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DELFINGEN-INDUSTRY-5062/news/Delfingen-Industry-Delfingen-Business-activity-up-4-6-in-Q3-2023-Double-digit-growth-11-45239251/,Delfingen Industry :  Delfingen : Business activity up 4.6% in Q3 2023. Double-digit growth (+11.0%) maintained at September 30th  2023. 2023 targets confirmed.,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASEAnteuil  November 3rd  2023Business activity up 4.6% in Q3 2023Revenue of €115m  up 6.3% in organic termsGlobal automotive market outperformed again Double-digit growth maintained at September 30th  20232023 targets…,"PRESS RELEASEAnteuil  November 3rd  2023Business activity up 4.6% in Q3 2023Revenue of €115m  up 6.3% in organic termsGlobal automotive market outperformed again (by 4.8 points)Double-digit growth (+11.0%) maintained at September 30th  20232023 targets confirmedDELFINGEN INDUSTRY (DELFINGEN)  a global auto parts manufacturer  leader in onboard network protection solutions and fluid transfer tubes  posted its revenue for the 3rd quarter of 2023 and for the first nine months of 2023.In €munaudited Q3 9M 2022 2023 Δ Δorganic 2022 2023 Δ Δorganic Mobility 93.2 97.5 +4.5% +8.6% 268.2 295.1 +10.0% +12.0% Industry 16.8 17.6 +4.9% -6.1% 45.8 53.9 +17.7% +6.7% Total 110.0 115.0 +4.6% +6.3% 313.9 348.9 +11.1% +11.2%Business activity up 4.6% in Q3 2023DELFINGEN grew its revenue once again in Q3 2023  up 4.6% to €115.0m.At constant scope and exchange rates  excluding the contribution of REIKU GmbH and AHN Chem Co. Ltd  acquired in early April 2023  and excluding a -5% exchange rate effect resulting from the unfavourable trend in the €/$ exchange rate over the quarter  business activity grew 6.3%.Sales from the Mobility market amounted to €97.5m  up 4.5% (+8.6% at constant scope and exchange rates)  outperforming Global automotive market by 4.8 percentage points beside the strike launched in mid-September at three of the major automakers in the United States. The situation is now returning to normal  an agreement having been reached a few days ago between one of the automakers and the US auto syndicate.The Textile activity confirmed its potential as a growth driver for the Group  with revenue of €20.7m  up 14% after increases of 37% in the first and second quarters of 2023.Sales from the Industry market amounted to €17.6m  up 4.9% (-6.1% at constant scope and exchange rates)  following growth of 28% in Q1 2023 and 23% in Q2 2023.Double-digit growth maintained in the first nine months of 2023DELFINGEN posted revenue of €348.9m in the first nine months of 2023  up 11.1% (+11.2% at constant scope and exchange rates).Over the period  the Mobility and Industry markets both generated double-digit growth. Mobility market sales increased 10.0% (+12.0% at constant scope and exchange rates) and Industry market sales rose 17.7% (+6.7% at constant scope and exchange rates).Through its leading strategic positions with the main global cable manufacturers  DELFINGEN continued to outperform the global automotive market at September 30th  2023 (+3 pts)  driven in particular by the Asia region (+15.8 pts) and the Americas region (+2.5 pts).Analysis of consolidated revenue by geographical areaAll the regions posted increases over the period:In €munaudited Q3 9M 2022 2023 Δ Δorganic 2022 2023 Δ Δorganic Europe - Africa 48.5 52.8 +8.9% +4.4% 146.9 163.9 +11.6% +9.7% Americas 47.7 47.7 +0.0% +7.4% 131.7 142.6 +8.3% +10.1% Asia 13.9 14.6 +5.2% +9.6% 35.4 42.4 +19.8% +21.5% Total 110.0 115.0 +4.6% +6.3% 313.9 348.9 +11.1% +11.2%2023 targets confirmedIn view of the activity recorded in the first nine months of the year  DELFINGEN is confirming its objectives for FY 2023:Revenue of €465m;Current operating margin of 6.5%.Next event:XX February 2024: publication of Q4 2023 revenueAbout Delfingen (www.delfingen.com)Delfingen is a global leader in onboard network protection solutions and fluid transfer tubes in the mobility and industry markets.A family-owned company dating back more than 70 years  the Group has 4 000 employees and a global presence that ensures proximity to its customers  with 42 offices in 22 countries on four continents: Americas  Europe  Africa and Asia.Delfingen is at the heart of the new challenges of mobility today and tomorrow: electrification  connectivity  autonomous driving  safety and environmental standards.Delfingen is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (FR0000054132 - ALDEL) and is a member of the MiddleNext association.DELFINGENChristophe ClercExecutive Vice President - Financecclerc@delfingen.comT: +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 SEITOSEI.ACTIFINInvestor RelationsAlexandre Commerotacommerot@actifin.frT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 18 SEITOSEI.ACTIFINPress RelationsIsabelle Drayidray@actifin.frT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 29""Safe Harbor"" statementAlthough Delfingen's Management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable at the time of publication of this document  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various elements  risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Delfingen  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or projected by the forward-looking statements.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mp1qZphvYWqclm+dZ5dtmmSYnGZpxGjKaGiVmpdrlJaVapxkm5uXZpecZnFjnGZo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82712-pr_delfingen_revenues_q3-2023_en_final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.38,0.34,True,English,"['Business activity', 'Double-digit growth', 'September 30th', 'Delfingen Industry', 'Q3', '2023 targets', 'Christophe Clerc Executive Vice President', 'AHN Chem Co. Ltd', 'main global cable manufacturers', 'global auto parts manufacturer', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'First quarter financial report', 'US auto syndicate', 'Quarterly financial reporting', 'network protection solutions', 'fluid transfer tubes', 'leading strategic positions', 'Current operating margin', 'Isabelle Dray idray', 'Safe Harbor"" statement', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Global automotive market', 'first nine months', 'exchange rate effect', '€/$ exchange rate', 'The Textile activity', 'unaudited Q3 9M', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Industry market sales', 'Mobility market sales', 'ACTIFIN Press Relations', 'global presence', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'global leader', 'Investor Relations', '3rd quarter', 'exchange rates', 'Double-digit growth', 'growth driver', 'Business activity', 'organic terms', 'September 30th', 'constant scope', 'REIKU GmbH', 'early April', 'unfavourable trend', 'United States', 'second quarters', 'Industry markets', 'geographical area', 'Next event', 'XX February', 'family-owned company', 'four continents', 'new challenges', 'autonomous driving', 'environmental standards', 'MiddleNext association', 'Finance cclerc', 'Alexandre Commerot', 'forward-looking information', 'various elements', 'actual results', 'Regulated information', 'organic Mobility', 'forward-looking statements', '4.8 percentage points', 'major automakers', 'Asia region', 'Americas region', 'consolidated revenue', 'Q4 2023 revenue', 'DELFINGEN INDUSTRY', '4.8 points', 'Anteuil', 'November', '2023 targets', 'Total', 'contribution', 'strike', 'mid-September', 'situation', 'agreement', 'potential', 'Group', 'increases', 'Q1', 'Q2', 'period', 'Analysis', 'regions', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'view', 'year', 'objectives', 'FY 2023', 'publication', 'onboard', '4,000 employees', 'proximity', 'customers', '42 offices', '22 countries', 'heart', 'tomorrow', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'safety', 'ALDEL', 'member', 'SEITOSEI', 'T.', 'Management', 'expectations', 'time', 'document', 'investors', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'mp1qZphvYWqclm', 'dZ5dtmmSYnGZpxGjKaGiVmpdrlJaVapxkm5uXZpecZnFjnGZo', 'Fu', 'Δ', '2.5']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-third-quarter-2023-Trading-Update-45232354/,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers third quarter 2023 Trading Update -November 03  2023 at 02:02 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  3 November 2023 ForFarmers third quarter 2023 Trading Update “The results in the third quarter show a recovery of underlying EBITDA. Sales volumes did decline compared to last year in the third quarter  but were roughly equal to t…,"Lochem  3 November 2023ForFarmers third quarter 2023 Trading Update“The results in the third quarter show a recovery of underlying EBITDA. Sales volumes did decline compared to last year in the third quarter  but were roughly equal to the second quarter of this year.The new way of working  in which local organisations are active in the market with various products and specific advice  is bearing fruit. It underpins our confidence in the more positive result development for the second half of the year  as stated in our first half-year press release.We received permission to sell the compound feed activities in Belgium and closed this transaction in October. We also hope to be able to close the already announced acquisition of Piast in Poland soon. This strengthens the basis for our further development.Delivering good feed at a competitive price is key to our approach. We have proven this by being able to offer our customers competitive feed prices. This has increasingly led to a stronger market position. Together with farmers we are working at making food production more sustainable. We are doing this very cost-consciously  especially now that the affordability of food is becoming increasingly relevant. I notice among our employees that they want and can make a difference in this. This makes us proud and gives us confidence for the future”  says Pieter Wolleswinkel  CEO of ForFarmers.Market developments in third quarter 2023Average prices in Europe for meat and eggs were higher in the third quarter of 2023 than a year before. They were also higher than in the United States  Brazil  and Canada  thus impacting export from Europe. As of the beginning of this year milk prices in Europe have started to drop. Dairy farmers received substantially less for their milk in the third quarter of 2023 than a year earlier. Prices for raw materials and energy were also much lower than in the third quarter of 2022. At that time  the war in Ukraine threatened to create a major shortage of raw materials and energy  causing prices to rise significantly. Given geopolitical developments concerns remain about the availability of raw materials and consequently the price development of raw materials as well as energy and diesel prices remain volatile.Development consolidated results ForFarmers in the third quarter 20231:• Total volumes (incl. co-products & others): -6.2%of which compound feed: -5.7%• Gross profit: +4.3%• Underlying EBITDA: +33.6%1. Results and developments of the third quarter 2023 are compared to those of the third quarter 2022  unless stated differently.Compared to the third quarter 2022  volumes were lower for all species. Less feed was sold in the ruminant sector due to the steadily declining milk prices since the beginning of this year  combined with good weather conditions. At the same time  the market specific approach led to winning new customers regionally. In certain regions  some dairy farmers and pig farmers decided to stop farming following policy decisions. This is one of the reasons why the number of animals in the pig sector is at an all-time low. Volumes in this sector remained fairly stable however  when compared to volumes in both the first and the second quarter of 2023. Slightly less feed was sold in the poultry sector than a year earlier. This was due to both the transition to Better Life welfare concepts in the Netherlands and to stopping the feed production in Belgium for this sector. At the same time  feed volumes in Poland increased.Net revenues decreased versus a year earlier  driven by lower raw material prices and lower volumes. Gross profit grew on the back of a better product mix and the specific local approach. Underlying total operating expenses were roughly stable. Energy costs were lower than last year when they were extremely high as a result of the war in Ukraine. Although there were less employees (in ftes) than last year  personnel costs were higher due to the collective labour agreement increases at the beginning of 2023. Underlying EBITDA increased by 33.6%.Interim CFOThe Supervisory Board has appointed Hans Kerkhoven as interim CFO. Mr. Kerkhoven will start on 27 November coming and will stay until a new statutory CFO has been appointed by the general shareholders meeting at the latest.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 000 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its ‘For the Future of Farming’ mission ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is a prominent player in Europe with annual sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed. The company is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland  and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has roughly 2 400 employees. In 2022 revenue amounted to approximately €3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu  www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects “  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at “  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.2,0.35,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers third quarter', 'Trading Update', 'November', '02:02', 'Better Life welfare concepts', 'collective labour agreement increases', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'first half-year press release', 'lower raw material prices', 'The Supervisory Board', 'general shareholders meeting', 'Director Investor Relations', 'stronger market position', 'good weather conditions', 'total operating expenses', 'compound feed activities', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'new statutory CFO', 'market specific approach', 'specific local approach', 'declining milk prices', 'competitive feed prices', 'positive result development', 'ForFarmers third quarter', 'good feed', 'specific advice', 'lower volumes', 'local organisations', 'competitive price', 'raw materials', 'Less feed', 'feed production', 'animal feed', 'new way', 'Interim CFO', 'Market developments', 'Average prices', 'diesel prices', 'second quarter', 'Total volumes', 'Trading Update', 'underlying EBITDA', 'second half', 'Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'United States', 'major shortage', 'Gross profit', 'policy decisions', 'Net revenues', 'product mix', 'personnel costs', 'Hans Kerkhoven', 'Mr. Kerkhoven', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'international organisation', 'prominent player', 'annual sales', '9 million tonnes', 'feed volumes', 'new customers', 'Dairy farmers', 'price development', 'pig farmers', 'Farming’ mission', 'geopolitical developments', 'ruminant sector', 'same time', 'pig sector', 'poultry sector', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'agricultural sector', 'Sales volumes', 'various products', 'food production', 'less employees', 'last year', 'Energy costs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '3 November', 'results', 'recovery', 'fruit', 'confidence', 'permission', 'Belgium', 'transaction', 'October', 'acquisition', 'Piast', 'Poland', 'basis', 'affordability', 'difference', 'future', 'CEO', 'Europe', 'meat', 'eggs', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'export', 'beginning', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'concerns', 'availability', 'others', 'species', 'regions', 'reasons', 'number', 'animals', 'Slightly', 'transition', 'Netherlands', 'back', 'ftes', '27 November', 'sense', 'Note', 'editor', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'company', '1.']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.valuewalk.com/investing/best-stock-portfolio-tracker/,10 Best Stock Portfolio Trackers 2023 Reviewed,If you’re regularly buying and selling stocks  you’ll need a way to keep tabs on market prices. This is where ... Read more,If you’re regularly buying and selling stocks  you’ll need a way to keep tabs on market prices. This is where stock portfolio trackers can help – they give you real-time insights on how your investments are performing.This guide explores the 10 best stock portfolio trackers for 2023. Each tracker is ranked based on supported markets  fees  data accuracy  available device types  and other key features.List of the 10 Best Stock Portfolio TrackersLet’s begin with a list of the best portfolio tracker tools available today:AltIndex: Our top pick  AltIndex provides alternative data on thousands of stocks. It explores social sentiment and website analytics  ensuring investors are always one step ahead. Stocks are given an AI ranking score  which is updated daily. AltIndex also offers stock alerts  recommended buys  and price predictions. This one-stop tool offers everything investors need to stay informed. Stocklytics: This data analytics platform offers AI-driven tools and insights. Over 5 700 stocks are tracked  covering 11 US and international exchanges. Stocklytic’s tracker tool offers stock alerts  technical signals  and a fully-fledged stock screener. Fundamental data is also covered  including analyst ratings  market capitalization  price changes  and dividend yields. Sharesight: Connect your online brokerage accounts directly to Sharesight. Avoid needing to manually enter stock purchase amounts and cost prices. Sharesight gives you useful insights into your overall portfolio values  including dividends and potential tax liabilities. Tracks more than 250 000 stocks  ETFs  and mutual funds. Over 40 international stock exchanges are covered. Morningstar: Free portfolio management tool tracking stocks  ETFs  pension funds  and investment trusts. Receive notifications when financial news or a major price change impacts one of your investments. Premium members get additional tools  including an X-ray scanner that offers portfolio insights. Morningstar also offers research reports  stock ratings  and market commentary. Kubera: This portfolio management website is aimed at investors with long-term financial goals. It tracks your entire net worth in real-time – as Kubera connects with over 20 000 banks and brokers from 68 countries. Supported markets include stocks  ETFs  cryptocurrencies  and commodities. Kubera also tracks your cash balances  spending habits  and real estate valuations. However  Kubera charges $150 annually. Stocks Tracker: Highly rated stock tracking app for iOS and Android. Most features are free  including stock tracking  pricing alerts  and technical signals. Stocks Tracker also keeps you posted on upcoming quarterly earnings calls and relevant financial news. The app also comes with chart analysis tools  including technical indicators. Its real-time stock tracker requires a premium plan at $9.99 per month. New users get a 7-day free trial. Seeking Alpha: A popular stock research and analysis platform  Seeking Alpha is ideal for fundamental investors. Once stocks have been added to your portfolio  you’ll have access to quant  Wall Street  and sell-side analyst ratings. These cover five core metrics – valuation  growth  profitability  momentum  and revisions. Premium members – who pay $199 for the first year  also receive Seeking Alpha stock recommendations. Ziggma: Another top-rated option for investors who want to track their entire financial spectrum. Ziggma connects with over 20 000 institutions  including online brokers  checking accounts  and retirement plans. Get real-time insights on your overall financial health and spending habits. Ziggma is available on browsers and as an iOS/Android app. The free plan comes with limitations. Full functionality costs $7.49 per month. Stock Rover: Offers one of the best free portfolio tracking tools in the market. Free users can connect their brokerage accounts  offering portfolio syncing. Additional tools include stock analyst ratings  performance indicators  and financial news. However  free plans come with ads. Premium plans not only offer an ad-free experience but additional tools and features. Prices range from $7.99 to $27.99 per month. WallStreetZen: Tracks four of the most important data points – stock prices  financial news  insider transactions  and upcoming events. The latter includes dividend announcements and quarterly earnings calls. WallStreetZen alerts you when any of these data points are triggered. WallStreetZen also allows users to track Wall Street portfolios  including hedge funds.Read on to discover which stock tracking websites are best suited for your requirements. We’ll now review the top 10 portfolio trackers for 2023.1. AltIndex – Top Stock Tracking Website Specializing in Alternative Data and AI RecommendationsAltIndex is a top-rated stock tracking website that specializes in alternative data. While it also covers the fundamentals – such as stock prices and market movements  AltIndex provides insights that aren’t available elsewhere. This is because AltIndex utilizes machine learning to analyze social media networks and other popular websites.This is an unrivaled tool that helps you understand broader sentiment on thousands of stocks. For example  suppose AltIndex extracts data from Twitter  Facebook  and Reddit – specifically focused on Tesla. The data shows an increasing number of negative comments toward Tesla and electric vehicles in general.This includes issues concerning prices  charging times  and concerns about its auto-pilot service. Crucially  this could mean that Tesla will report a rapid drop in demand for its vehicles. The majority of the market will only know about this when Tesla releases its quarterly earnings.But you’ll get a first-mover advantage  as AltIndex is often several days or weeks ahead. This is just one example – as AltIndex covers many other data points. For example  it explores website visits  app downloads  job postings  employee satisfaction  patent filings  and financial news mentions.Every day  AltIndex leverages its alternative findings to generate an AI score. Its tracking tool notifies you when there is a major shift in AI scoring  in terms of stocks in your portfolio. AltIndex offers many other features – including AI stock recommendations  price predictions  and portfolio alerts. Prices range from $0  $29  and $99 per month  depending on your needs.Key Features Device Type Pricing Stock portfolio tool tracking alternative data points on thousands of stocks. Explores broader consumer sentiment  including social media metrics and website analytics. AI-driven scores of 1-100 are generated daily. Also offers price predictions  alerts  and AI stock recommendations Web-based. Alerts are sent via email Plans range from $0  $29  and $99 per month. Plans offer varying features based on your tracking requirementsVisit AltIndex2. Stocklytics – Comprehensive Insights on Over 5 700 Stocks From 11 US and International ExchangesNext up is Stocklytics – which covers high-level data on over 5 700 stocks. It tracks stocks from 11 exchanges  including the NYSE  NASDAQ  London Stock Exchange  Bombay Stock Exchange  and the Euronext. Therefore  Stocklytics is the best stock portfolio tracker if you’ve got investments in multiple international markets.Stocklytics offers a huge range of data points  including pricing  market capitalization  dividend yields  and P/E ratios. It also offers technical ratings  covering buys  sells  and neutral. It has also developed an AI-based rating system  ranging from 1 to 100. Stocklytics also provides sell-side analyst forecasts.This comes with low  average  and high price predictions on all supported stocks. Financial news is also included  plus advanced pricing charts. All you need to do is add stocks to your Stocklytics portfolio. Thereon  you’ll receive alerts when there’s an important market movement. Instant alerts can be received via email  WhatsApp  Telegram  and SMS.Key Features Device Type Pricing Feature-rich stock portfolio tracking tool that offers fundamental and technical data. Over 5 700 stocks are tracked from 11 global exchanges. Offers custom portfolio alerts  AI ranking scores  price predictions  and sell-side analyst ratings Web-based. Alerts are sent via email  WhatsApp  Telegram  or SMS Free. Register an account to remove limitations.Visit Stocklytics3. Sharesight – Portfolio Tracking Tool Connecting to Online Brokers for Near-Real-Time InsightsIf you have a diversified portfolio across more than one broker  Sharesight could be the most suitable stock tracking software. In a nutshell  Sharesight connects with hundreds of popular online brokers  ranging from Robinhood and Webull to Charles Schwab and Degiro. This means Sharesight extracts portfolio values directly from your broker accounts.This makes it seamless to know how your portfolio is performing. Especially if you’ve made lots of stock purchases at different cost prices and amounts. Not only that but Sharesight tracks over 250 000 financial instruments. In addition to stocks  this also includes ETFs and mutual funds. More than 40 global stock markets are tracked.This includes Australia  Japan  New Zealand  France  and Germany. Seven exchanges in the US are tracked too – including the NYSE ARCA and BATS. However  Sharesight doesn’t offer real-time pricing. Stock prices are delayed from 15 minutes to one day  depending on the exchange. There are four pricing plans  ranging from $0 to $31 per month.Key Features Device Type Pricing Premium stock tracking software covering over 250 000 financial instruments and 40 global markets. Connects to hundreds of popular online brokers to provide valuable portfolio insights. Keep track of your investments in one place. Web-based Four pricing plans  depending on your required features. Prices range from $0 to $31 per monthVisit SharesightMorningstar also ranks high on this list of stock portfolio tracking websites. This established research platform offers a significant amount of data  including expert analysis  reports  and stock ratings. Its 5-star rated stocks are considered ‘Strong Buys’  allowing you to find undervalued companies that could go on a prolonged upward trajectory.Its portfolio management tool is web-based and suitable for all investor profiles. First  you’ll need to add stocks to your Morningstar portfolio. In addition  Morningstar also supports ETFs  investment trusts  and pension funds. Thereon  you’ll get a 360-degree overview of how your portfolio is performing. However  Morningstar doesn’t connect to online brokers.This means regular investors will need to manually add any new stock purchases. The features discussed are completely free. Morningstar also offers premium plans. This comes with an X-Ray tool that scans your portfolio to generate insights. For instance  Morningstar will inform you if your portfolio is overexposed to a specific industry.Key Features Device Type Pricing Free stock portfolio tracker also supporting ETFs  investment trusts  and pension funds. Add stocks to your portfolio to receive insights  including current valuations and price percentage changes. Premium members get additional tools  including a portfolio scanner and the option of exporting data Web-based Most features are free. For premium tools  you’ll pay $34.95 per month or $249 annuallyVisit MorningStarWhile Kubera is considered expensive  it offers one of the most advanced portfolio trackers in the market. Not only does Kubera track your investments but you’re overall net worth. This takes into account cash savings  real estate  and tax liabilities. Everything on Kubera is completely automated  as it connects with over 20 000 brokers and financial institutions.Once you’ve connected your accounts  Kubera will automatically update your portfolio values. We also like that Kubera tracks multiple asset classes. This includes everything from stocks and ETFs to cryptocurrencies and commodities. Crucially  Kubera offers real-time data  so you won’t witness pricing delays like other investment trackers.Another popular tool is the future net worth estimator. This analyzes your current investment and spending habits to predict your overall net worth in years to come. This can help you stay on track. In terms of pricing  Kubera doesn’t offer any free plans. You’ll need a personal plan at $150 per year. There’s a 14-day trial for $1  offering full functionality.Key Features Device Type Pricing Advanced portfolio tracking tools aimed at investors with long-term financial goals. Connects with over 20 000 banks and brokerages from 68 countries. Tracks stocks  ETFs  cryptocurrencies  and commodities. Also tracks real estate valuations  checking accounts  and spending habits. Web-based $150 per year. New customers get a 14-day trial for $1Visit Kubera6. Stocks Tracker – All-in-One Stock Tracking App for iOS and Android With Signals and AlertsStocks Tracker has developed a mobile app for iOS and Android that gives you comprehensive insights and real-time alerts. Thousands of stocks are supported  including technical and fundamental data. This includes the opening and previous close prices  trading volume  52-week highs  and market capitalization.Stocks Tracker also provides alerts on upcoming earnings reports and financial news. The app also offers advanced charting tools with various timeframes and indicators. Once you’ve added stocks to your portfolio  Stocks Tracker provides overall realizable gains and losses. It also breaks your portfolio down across different periods.For example  which stocks performed the best in the prior 24 hours. The Stock Tracker app is free to use  but some features are restricted. For $9.99 per month  you’ll get full functionality – including real-time stock prices. Stocks Tracker is highly rated – with a 4.5/5 rating on the App Store. Its rating is based on over 55 000 reviews.Key Features Device Type Pricing Proprietary stock tracking app for iOS and Android. Set up alerts for your portfolio  covering stock price movements  technical indicators  and upcoming earnings reports. Also offers charting tools  including technical indicators. iOS and Android app Most features are free. Premium plans – costing $9.99 per month  come with additional featuresVisit Stocks Tracker7. Seeking Alpha – High-Level Portfolio Software With Quant and Sell-Side Analyst RatingsSeeking Alpha offers the best stock portfolio tracker for fundamental investors. Like many trackers  Seeking Alpha enables you to manually add your stock investments. You’ll then receive alerts on key price movements  financial news  and upcoming earnings calls. However  Seeking Alpha offers many advanced features that are available to premium members.This includes access to sell-side analyst ratings on all of your stocks. Not only does this include the consensus rating (e.g. Buy  Strong Sell  etc.) but price predictions for the next 12 months. Your stocks will also benefit from Wall Street and quant ratings  broken down by valuation  growth  profitability  momentum  and revisions.The premium plan also includes Seeking Alpha stock recommendations. Seeking Alpha charges $199 for the first year – there are no monthly plans. After that  the annual fee increases to $239. Although pricey  Seeking Alpha has a great reputation in the investment scene. More than 250 000 members use its premium plan  which speaks volumes.Key Features Device Type Pricing Standard features include portfolio tracking and alerts on price movements  earnings calls  and financial news. Premium members have access to Wall Street  quant  and sell-side analyst ratings. The premium plan also comes with stock recommendations Web-based  iOS and Android app Full functionality requires a premium plan at $199 for the first year. From year two  the annual fee increases to $239Visit Seeking Alpha8. Ziggma – Combines Investment and Net Worth Tracking With Algorithmic Stock ResearchAnother stock portfolio tool aimed at serious long-term investors is Ziggma. Available online or via its native app for iOS and Android  Ziggma connects with over 20 000 financial institutions. This includes the most popular online brokers  allowing you to automatically import portfolio data.Ziggma also connects with checking and savings accounts  not to mention retirement plans like Roth IRAs and 401 (k)s. Once your portfolio is set up  you’ll know exactly how your investments are performing at the click of a button. Moreover  Ziggma provides insights into potential tax liabilities  should you decide to cash out a particular investment.Each stock comes with various algorithmic research scores. This includes profit and revenue growth  the Beta risk factor  and dividend income. Ziggma also has a proprietary scoring system that rates stocks from 1 to 100. Ziggma offers a free plan  which limits the number of external accounts that you can link. Full functionality costs $7.49 per month  which is billed annually.Key Features Device Type Pricing Track your entire financial spectrum  including stock investments  checking and savings accounts  retirement plans  and tax liabilities. Real-time insights extracted from your accounts – over 20 000 institutions are supported Web-based  iOS and Android app The free plan comes with limitations  such as the number of connected external accounts. Full functionality costs $7.49 per month – billed annually. Free 7-day trial for new users Visit Ziggma9. Stock Rover – Free Portfolio Management Dashboard Covering Over 8 500 Stocks and 4 000 ETFsStock Rover offers one of the best stock portfolio trackers for free users. It tracks more than 8 500 stocks  4 000 ETFs  and 40 000 mutual funds. That said  only US and Canadian exchanges are covered. Nonetheless  the free plan also includes brokerage integration  meaning your portfolios will automatically sync with Stock Rover.Its portfolio dashboard is user-friendly  covering key metrics like performance  analyst ratings  and market news. You’ll also have access to fundamental data  including financial ratios and quarterly earnings reports. Stock Rover also offers three premium plans which come with various features and tools.This includes over 700 additional research metrics covering five years of historical data. Premium users also get an ad-free experience. What’s more  premium plans also include stock and ETF screeners  valuation charts  and priority customer support. Premium users pay between $7.99 and $27.99 per month  depending on the preferred plan.Key Features Device Type Pricing Free plans offer many features  including portfolio syncing with brokers  analyst ratings  and financial news. Premium plans come with additional tools  such as stock screeners and priority customer support. Web-based Monthly fees range from $0 to $27.99 per month  depending on what features you require. Discounts are available when paying for a 1 or 2-year plan upfront Visit Stock Rover10. WallStreetZen – Tracks 4 Core Data Points Covering Stock Prices  News  Insider Transactions  and EventsAccording to WallStreetZen  investors need access to four key data points when tracking their portfolios. And WallStreetZen offers them all. First  this includes stock price movements. You’ll receive alerts when one of your investments rises or falls by a certain amount. Second  WallStreetZen tracks financial news.As soon as a relevant news story breaks  you’ll be the first to know. Third  WallStreetZen also covers insider transactions. This is when company executives buy or sell their own shares – a crucial indicator of management sentiment. Fourth  WallStreetZen also tracks important events – such as upcoming earnings calls or dividend announcements.These four data points will ensure you’re always up to date with your investments. WallStreetZen also allows users to track external portfolios – including hedge funds and institutional investors. This means you can see which stocks and funds the best-performing investors are trading. WallStreetZen offers a free plan  but full functionality costs $59 per month.Key Features Device Type Pricing Tracks four important data points  including stock price movements  financial news  insider transactions  and upcoming events (e.g. dividend announcements). Also offers insights into hedge fund portfolios  allowing you to follow the best-performing investors Web-based The free plan comes with limitations. Full functionality costs $59 per month or $234 annuallyVisit WallStreetZenHow do Stock Tracker Apps Work?There are many stock tracker apps in the market  each offering various features and tools. At its core  stock trackers allow you to keep tabs on your investment portfolio. They ensure you never miss a market beat  in terms of pricing  financial news  and other important metrics. Most providers initially require you to build your portfolio.This means manually adding your stock investments. This can be a cumbersome process if you’re a regular investor. After all  you’ll need to state the cost price and investment amount for each stock purchase you’ve made. For instance  suppose you’ve been dollar-cost averaging Tesla stock. You’ve made 10 investments at various cost prices.The only way to accurately receive portfolio insights is to add each individual purchase. That said  some of the best stock portfolio trackers can integrate with online brokers. This means the tracker can extract all of the investments you’ve made. And thereon  any changes made to your brokerage portfolios will be reflected by the portfolio tracker.Either way  once your tracker portfolio is set up – you’ll stay informed at all times. You can see how your investments are performing  such as the overall portfolio value. This can normally be broken down into useful data bites. For instance  the best and worst-performing stocks. Some portfolio trackers come with alerts.This means you’ll receive a notification when a specific metric is triggered. This could be one of your stocks increasing by more than 5%  or upcoming earnings calls. The alerts you receive will only be related to stocks in your tracker portfolio. Additional features can include pricing charts  technical indicators  and sell-side analyst ratings.It’s also worth checking out AltIndex  which offers alternative data insights. This keeps you updated on broader consumer sentiment  with data extracted from social media and other popular websites. AltIndex also offers stock recommendations  allowing you to find new investment opportunities and offload underperformers.Choosing the Best Stock Tracking App: Top TipsWhile there are many portfolio trackers to choose from  not all providers offer the same features and tools. Read on for more information on how to choose the best stock tracker app for your requirements.Stock Covering and Other Asset ClassesYou’ll need to know what stocks the tracking app covers. If it doesn’t track all of the stocks you currently hold (or plan to buy in the future)  then it won’t be suitable. After all  you won’t have an accurate overview of your investment portfolio if certain stocks are missing.All of the stock portfolio trackers discussed today support the two primary US exchanges – the NASDAQ and NYSE. According to Statista  this covers just under 6 000 stocks. If you’re investing in international markets  check whether they’re supported.Sharesight  for example  supports stocks in over 40 global markets  covering most continents. If your investment portfolio also contains other asset classes  check whether the tracking tool supports them.For example  AltIndex also supports cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin  Dogecoin  and Litecoin. Kubera is also popular with multi-asset investors. In addition to stocks and cryptocurrencies  it also covers ETFs and commodities.Real-Time or Delayed PricingAccording to the popular brokerage firm TD Ameritrade  investors usually need to pay a subscription fee to access real-time stock quotes. This means that if you’re using a free portfolio tracker  you’re likely not seeing real-time prices. Instead  there’s usually a delay of about 15 minutes.Non-US exchanges – especially those in emerging countries  will likely come with even bigger delays. Whether or not this is an issue depends on your investment strategy. For example  suppose you typically make investments once a month. In this instance  price delays of 15 minutes will not have a noticeable impact.In contrast  if you’re an active trader who enters multiple positions each week  stock price delays will be an issue. Therefore  you’ll need to choose a stock tracker tool that provides a real-time data subscription.If you’re choosing a premium plan  this is often included. Some providers allow you to pay for real-time quotes individually. This usually costs about $10 per month.Brokerage SynchronizationSome of the best portfolio trackers can be integrated with your online brokerage accounts. This means that your stock portfolio will be synced with the tracking app.This is a crucial feature if you have a lot of different investments made at different times. After all  each stock purchase would have been made at a different price.Through synchronization  the tracker tool will provide accurate performance metrics.And  whenever you make adjustments in your brokerage accounts  this will automatically synchronize.In addition  some stock portfolio tracks can connect with banks and other financial institutions. This will appeal to investors who want a broader overview of their financial health.This can include checking and savings accounts  meaning you’ll also get snapshots of your spending habits. Some trackers can even connect to retirement plans  such as 401 (k)s and IRAs.Investment InsightsThe best stock tracking apps not only ensure you stay informed but also help you discover new investment insights. This enables you to become a better investor without needing to put in hours of legwork.AltIndex is ideal for investors who want to receive stock recommendations. It offers AI-backed stock picks based on alternative data – such as social media sentiment and website metrics. Subscribers receive an email when a new stock recommendation has been generated.AltIndex also informs subscribers when it’s time to sell. Its stock-picking service has performed very well since its inception. Especially when compared to industry benchmarks like the S&P 500. On average  AltIndex recommendations have made 6-month returns of 22%. This is based on investors following each and every stock pick.Ziggma is another good option if you’re looking for investment insights. Once stocks have been added to your Ziggma portfolio  you’ll receive financial news  performance indicators  and a proprietary rating score of between 1 and 100.Seeking Alpha is also worth considering – premium plans come with quant and sell-side analyst ratings  not to mention price forecasts for the best 12 months.AlertsAnother feature to look for when choosing a stock portfolio tracker is alerts. Put simply  you’ll receive a notification when a relevant event impacts one of your stock investments. This could be anything from a significant price movement to an abnormally large increase in trading volume.You can also receive technical alerts related to the MACD  RSI  52-week high  and other indicators. Alerts are also important for staying abreast of financial news stories and earnings reports.For example  as reported by the Financial Times  Estée Lauder stock dropped 18.9% in the prior 24 hours. The reasons cited were worse than expected quarterly earnings and weak revenue forecasts for 2024.If you were holding Estée Lauder stock and had adequate alerts set up  you would have been notified straightaway. This means you could have sold the stock long before it capitulated.PricingMost stock portfolio trackers offer a freemium service. This means that while some features are free  a premium plan is required for full functionality.Whether or not you should pay a subscription fee depends on what you’re looking to achieve.For example  if you’re only looking for stock price alerts and a general overview of how your portfolio is performing  free tools should suffice. Just remember that free plans rarely offer real-time pricing  so expect delays.On the other hand  if you’re looking to get the most out of your portfolio  a premium plan could be worth considering.For instance  AltIndex charges $29 per month  which gets you 10 stock recommendations. Or $99 per month to increase this to 50.Considering its historical performance (6-month average gains of 22%)  these fees are justified.AltIndex offers flexible plans  meaning you can cancel at any time.We found that some stock tracker tools only accept annual purchases. If the tool doesn’t meet your expectations  you likely won’t get a refund. This is why it’s best to start with a free trial  as you can test the tracker tool without risking any money.Device TypeInvestors should also consider how they want to manage and track their portfolios. For example  most tracker tools are available through web browsers. This is a convenient way to stay informed  as you won’t need to download or install any software.Some tracker tools also offer a mobile app for iOS and Android. If you prefer managing your money on a desktop device – check if the provider offers software for your operating system.ConclusionWe’ve covered the best stock portfolio trackers for investors in 2023. AltIndex is our top pick  which offers a wealth of features and insights to help you stay informed.In addition to alerts  alternative data metrics  and price predictions – AltIndex offers AI-backed stock recommendations. This means you’ll be the first to new when a new Strong Buy has been generated.Visit AltIndexReferencesFAQsWhat is the best way to track my portfolio?The best method is to sign up with a stock tracker tool that covers all your investments. This gives you a 360-degree overview of how your stock portfolio is performing.How can I track my stock portfolio for free?Stocklytics offers a free stock tracking service that covers portfolio insights  technical indicators  and sell-side analyst ratings. It’s compatible with email  Whatsapp  Telegram  and SMS.Is there an app that tracks your stock portfolio?Yes  Stocks Tracker is a popular stock-tracking app for iOS and Android. Most features are free  but you’ll need a premium plan for real-time data quotes.What is the best stock portfolio tracker?We rank AltIndex as the best stock portfolio tracker. Once stocks are added to your portfolio  you’ll receive alternative data insights  pricing alerts  and AI-backed recommendations.,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,positive,0.7,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['10 Best Stock Portfolio Trackers', 'upcoming quarterly earnings calls', '10 best stock portfolio trackers', 'Top Stock Tracking Website', 'top-rated stock tracking website', 'best portfolio tracker tools', 'Free portfolio management tool', 'free portfolio tracking tools', 'Seeking Alpha stock recommendations', 'portfolio management website', 'top 10 portfolio trackers', 'stock tracking websites', 'overall portfolio values', 'available device types', 'potential tax liabilities', 'entire net worth', 'real estate valuations', 'five core metrics', 'fledged stock screener', 'stock purchase amounts', '7-day free trial', 'long-term financial goals', 'entire financial spectrum', 'overall financial health', 'AI ranking score', 'social media networks', 'popular stock research', 'major price change', 'stock tracking app', 'chart analysis tools', 'side analyst ratings', 'stock analyst ratings', 'Wall Street portfolios', '40 international stock exchanges', 'relevant financial news', 'important data points', 'data analytics platform', 'real-time stock tracker', 'other key features', 'online brokerage accounts', 'website analytics', 'AI Recommendations', 'stock ratings', 'portfolio syncing', 'top pick', 'international exchanges', 'analysis platform', 'top-rated option', 'upcoming events', 'stock alerts', 'Stock Rover', 'free plan', 'portfolio insights', 'AI-driven tools', 'additional tools', 'stock prices', 'one-stop tool', 'social sentiment', 'research reports', 'Free users', 'price predictions', 'price changes', 'data accuracy', 'alternative data', 'Fundamental data', 'technical signals', 'dividend yields', 'mutual funds', 'pension funds', 'investment trusts', 'Premium members', 'X-ray scanner', 'cash balances', 'spending habits', 'Most features', 'pricing alerts', 'technical indicators', 'premium plan', 'first year', 'online brokers', 'retirement plans', 'iOS/Android app', 'Full functionality', 'performance indicators', 'ad-free experience', 'insider transactions', 'dividend announcements', 'hedge funds', 'machine learning', 'market capitalization', 'cost prices', 'market commentary', 'market movements', 'real-time insights', 'useful insights', 'New users', 'market prices', 'Stocks Tracker', 'supported markets', 'fundamental investors', '5,700 stocks', '250,000 stocks', 'way', 'tabs', 'investments', 'guide', 'fees', 'List', 'AltIndex', 'thousands', 'buys', 'everything', 'Stocklytics', '11 US', 'Sharesight', 'dividends', 'ETFs', 'Morningstar', 'notifications', 'Kubera', '20,000 banks', '68 countries', 'cryptocurrencies', 'commodities', 'month', 'access', 'quant', 'growth', 'profitability', 'momentum', 'revisions', 'Ziggma', '20,000 institutions', 'browsers', 'limitations', 'ads', 'WallStreetZen', 'requirements', 'fundamentals', '2023']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,valuewalk.com
32268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHURGARD-SELF-STORAGE-LTD-46600355/news/Shurgard-Self-Storage-S-A-Third-quarter-2023-results-January-1-2023-to-September-30-2023-45232287/,Shurgard Self Storage S A : Third quarter 2023 results January 1  2023 to September 30  2023 -November 03  2023 at 01:57 am EDT,"(marketscreener.com)   THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE   November 3  2023 at 6 a.m. GMT   ""Regulated Information""   Shurgard Self Storage Ltd      Third quarter 2023 results   January 1  2023 to September 30  2023 ...https://www.…","THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE November 3  2023 at 6 a.m. GMT ""Regulated Information"" Shurgard Self Storage Ltd (""Shurgard"" or the ""Company"") Third quarter 2023 results January 1  2023 to September 30  2023 Continuing strong operational performance based on: All stores revenue growth of 9.4% (at CER)(¹) In-place rent growth (+6.8%) and stable high occupancy (90.5%) for our same store pool Lower costs leading to a same store NOI margin increase of 0.8pp Delivering a total company Adj. EPRA earnings growth of 12.6% Solid expansion pipeline for the next three years representing an additional 14.5% of our net rentable sqm Continuing strong YTD performance (at CER)(¹) 9.4% property operating revenue growth  supported by double digit growth in Germany  the Netherlands and the UK; 10.1% income from property (NOI) growth; 65.3% NOI margin  an increase of 0.4pp compared to the prior year; 6.2% same store property operating revenue growth; 90.5% same store average occupancy rate (stable vs. same period last year); o 6.8% same store average in-place rent growth  continued pricing traction;o Limited growth of 3.7% of our same store operating expenses reflecting the impact of our digital shift; o 66.6% same store NOI margin  a strong increase of 0.8pp compared to the prior year; Shurgard became a UK REIT in March 2023; Delivered €114.5 million of adjusted EPRA earnings  representing a growth of 12.6%; EPRA net tangible assets (NTA) per share: €42.30  an increase of 4.0% vs. December 31  2022; Cash position at hand: €82.8 million; o LTV: 17.5%;o Net debt/EBITDA: 4.0x (2) ;o ICR (interest coverage ratio): 10.6x; Consistent growth in our expansion plan delivering new capacity to 2026 representing 14.5% (194 258 sqm or c. €483.0 million of direct project cost) of our net rentable sqm either developed  under construction or signed. Constant Exchange Rate (2) Net debt to EBITDA ratio is calculated as the net financial debt (including leases) divided by trailing 12 months EBITDA 1THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Solid Q3 results (at CER)(¹) 8.3% property operating revenue growth  supported by double digit growth in Germany and the Netherlands; 9.1% income from property (NOI) growth; 5.1% same store property operating revenue growth; o 90.8% same store average occupancy rate;o 5.8% same store average in-place rent growth  continued pricing power;o Delivered €42.7 million of adjusted EPRA earnings  representing a growth of 10.6%. 2023 Outlook We reconfirm to deliver above 8% total revenue growth for the year 2023; Our target of c. 2pp growth for all store NOI margin vs. 2020 has been achieved in 2022  ahead of our medium-term guidance of 2024. In 2023  we plan a 0.2pp NOI margin growth for all stores; We plan to add c. 70 000 sqm (or c. €150 million) via redevelopments  new developments and acquisitions; For all property investment decisions taken as from 2023  we are increasing our expected property yield to c. 8% to 9% at maturity (from c. 7% to 8%); Our average effective income tax rate is expected to be at c. 18% in 2023 (based on Adjusted EPRA Earnings before tax); Shurgard intends to declare a dividend of €1.17 per share for the fiscal year. Marc Oursin  Shurgard Chief Executive Officer  commented(2): ""Shurgard has delivered another very solid quarterly performance in terms of revenue and earnings growth fueled by our same store achievements. For the third consecutive quarter of the year  we continue to maintain high occupancy and significant in-place rate increases in particular in the Netherlands  Germany  UK and Belgium. We experience stable demand across Europe versus 2022  both from our residential customers (c. 80%) and business customers (c. 20%). The roll out of our digitalization plan feeds our margin imporvements with an increase of 0.8pp YTD for the same stores. Meanwhile  the pipeline of future new footage is developing strongly and has reached 14.5% of our total lettable area or 195 000 sqm with €480 million of investment value. Aside from this very good economic performance  Shurgard has been granted for the third consecutive year the title of ''Self storage industry leader'' by GRESB for ESG matters with a 91 score out of a maximum of 100 and 5 stars. Overall Shurgard demonstrates its capacity to outperform the industry in Europe and reinforces its leadership with the support of our Board of Directors and engaged teams.'' (¹) Constant Exchange Rate (2) The data is presented at constant exchange rate (CER) 2THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Operational update (¹) Compared to the same prior year period  our all-store property operating revenue grew by 9.4% as of year-to-date September 2023  delivering revenue of €265.0 million  and confirming Shurgard's resilience in challenging market conditions. All our markets contributed to that performance  with three countries (Germany  the Netherlands and the UK) delivering double-digit growth. This performance was achieved through our expansion  with eight new stores offering 3.8% additional rentable sqm versus 2022  but also through the strong performance of our same store segment. Same store revenue in the first three quarters of 2023 grew by 6.2% compared to the prior year  mainly fuelled by an average in-place rent increase of 6.8%  and stable average same store occupancy in the period. The Netherlands  the United Kingdom  Germany  and Belgium have performed strongly this quarter. As expected  the Nordics (Sweden and Denmark) are going through difficult macro-economic conditions  and we see an highly competitive environment in Sweden. In France  our largest market  year-to-date 2023 same store revenue grew by 4.5% compared to the same prior year period. This can be attributed to a 5.0% rise in average in-place rent  with a slight increase in occupancy to 89.5%;year-to-date 2023 same store revenue grew by 4.5% compared to the same prior year period. This can be attributed to a 5.0% rise in average in-place rent  with a slight increase in occupancy to 89.5%; The Netherlands continues to perform very well in its same store segment. Revenue increased by 8.9% versus the prior year. Rental rates grew by 8.5% compared to the first nine months of 2022  and average occupancy reached 91.6% (+1.0pp);The United Kingdom (London) has demonstrated its good performance with a same store revenue growth of 7.5%  fully driven by a strong increase in rental rates (+9.5%)  while average occupancy decreased slightly to 87.9% (-0.6pp);(-0.6pp); Sweden's revenue for year-to-date 2023 was 0.4% higher than the prior year with a decelerating trend in Q3 (-1.2% Q3 2023 versus prior year quarter). In-place rent increased by 1.7%  while occupancy decreased slightly by 0.8pp  nonetheless remains at a very high level (91.2%);year-to-date 2023 was 0.4% higher than the prior year with a decelerating trend in Q3 (-1.2% Q3 2023 versus prior year quarter). In-place rent increased by 1.7%  while occupancy decreased slightly by 0.8pp  nonetheless remains at a very high level (91.2%); In Germany  we continue to see the most impressive performance in all our markets  with rental rates 11.8% higher than year-to-date September 2022  and a 0.1pp increase in occupancy (to 91.1%)  achieving 12.5% revenue growth compared to the first nine months of 2022;year-to-date September 2022  and a 0.1pp increase in occupancy (to 91.1%)  achieving 12.5% revenue growth compared to the first nine months of 2022; Belgium's revenue grew 7.9% versus the prior year  supported by a 7.8% increase in rental rates  coupled with all time high occupancy levels (+0.8pp versus the prior year) at 92.4%;In Denmark (Copenhagen)  rental rates rose by 5.5%  partly offset by a 2.3pp occupancy decline (although occupancy still remained high and in line with last quarter at 91.5%) versus the prior year  resulting in revenue growth of 2.4%;Shurgard's overall same store revenue performance was impacted by a loss on SEK (-9%  or -€3.0 million) and GBP exchange rates (-3% or -€1.2 million). The data is presented at constant exchange rate (CER) 3THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Portfolio expansion Our pipeline for 2023  2024  2025 and 2026 represents 14.5% (or 194 258 sqm or c. €483.0 million) of our total net rentable sqm. 2023 Five major redevelopments planned in 2023 (11 600 sqm) and the addition of direct access units in our seven markets (8 100 sqm); Six openings foreseen (36 000 sqm) for €78.4 million in Randstad and London; Five stores acquired (17 100 sqm) for €69.2 million in NRW and Frankfurt (Top Box) 2024-2026 Six major redevelopments planned (13 400 sqm) in London  NRW and Frankfurt; Eighteen new developments (108 100 sqm) in Berlin  Stuttgart  NRW  Frankfurt  Randstad and London of which five are under construction. Amounts in € millions Number of Project Completion Net sqm Direct project cost At closing rate September 30  Property Region Country projects status (1) date ('000) /Purchase price (2) 2023 Scheduled to open in 2023 17 72.7 165.4 Major redevelopments Unterfoehring Munich Germany 1 UC Dec-23 3.5 5.4 Rotterdam Randstad Netherlands 1 UC Dec-23 4.5 2.2 Almere Buiten Randstad Netherlands 1 UC Dec-23 1.2 1.9 Danmarksgatan (3) Stockholm Sweden 1 C Mar-23 1.7 0.0 Euston London UK 1 C Jun-23 0.7 0.1 Direct access units (4) - - 1 UC Dec-23 8.1 8.2 New developments Diemen Visseringweg Randstad Netherlands 1 C May-23 4.0 3.2 Amersfoort Randstad Netherlands 1 C Jul-23 3.1 5.4 Portsmuiden Randstad Netherlands 1 C Oct-23 7.5 6.1 Chadwell Heath London UK 1 C Oct-23 6.8 17.9 Chiswick London UK 1 UC Dec-23 6.5 24.5 Tottenham London UK 1 UC Dec-23 8.2 21.3 M&A / Asset Acquisitions Top Box (5) NRW/Frankfurt Germany 5 C Oct-23 17.1 69.2 Scheduled to open in 2024 12 42.6 88.8 Major redevelopments Top Box major redevelopments NRW/Frankfurt Germany 4 UC 2024 6.6 4.9 Hayes London UK 1 UC 2024 4.2 8.9 Southwark London UK 1 UC 2024 2.6 7.6 New developments Charlottenburg Berlin Germany 1 UC 2024 4.9 15.5 Dusseldorf Neuss NRW Germany 1 UC 2024 5.8 16.1 Wangen Stuttgart Germany 1 UC 2024 7.0 16.4 Nieuwegein Randstad Netherlands 1 UC 2024 4.5 8.7 1 property Randstad Netherlands 1 CPA 2024 2.8 2.6 1 property Randstad Netherlands 1 CPA 2024 4.1 8.1 Scheduled to open in 2025 10 64.8 188.2 New developments 1 property Berlin Germany 1 CPA 2025 10.3 27.8 1 property Frankfurt Germany 1 CPA 2025 5.9 13.3 1 property (Top Box) Frankfurt Germany 1 CPA 2025 5.0 11.1 Leinfelden Stuttgart Germany 1 UC 2025 6.6 19.8 1 property (Top Box) NRW Germany 1 CPA 2025 4.1 9.9 1 property Randstad Netherlands 1 CPA 2025 5.4 11.5 1 property London UK 1 CPA 2025 7.4 21.6 1 property London UK 1 CPA 2025 6.4 20.9 1 property London UK 1 CPA 2025 6.6 21.6 1 property London UK 1 CPA 2025 7.4 30.7 Scheduled to open in 2026 2 14.1 40.6 New developments 1 property Frankfurt Germany 1 CPA 2026 7.3 20.9 1 property Stuttgart Germany 1 CPA 2026 6.7 19.7 Total portfolio expansion 41 194.3 483.0 CPA = signed conditional purchase agreement and building permit process ongoing  UC = under construction and C = completed Including development fees but excluding absorption costs. Redevelopment project part of the 2022 acquisition of Instorage. In 2023 the Company paid €0.2 million supplement on the purchase price. Direct access units across all markets. The purchase price of 69.2 million includes land for major redevelopments to open in 2024 and land for the two new developments to open in 2025. 4THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Robust balance sheet with long-term maturities  gearing for growth Undrawn: Undrawn revolving credit facility of €250 million - maturity in October 2025; o Uncommitted €250 million Shelf Note Facility available until February 2024. Drawn: On April 28  2023  as part of its short- to mid-term financing strategy  Shurgard signed an €450 million floating interest committed bank loan facility  being available for three years  with two one-year renewal possibilities. The facility is priced with an initial 120bps margin on EURIBOR. On October 2  2023  Shurgard drew €160 million on the facility; €800 million Senior Notes USPP long-term at an effective fixed interest rate of 2.36% with well scattered maturities (next maturity of €100 million in July 2024); All unsecured debt. 5THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Unaudited financial information Three months ended Nine months ended (in € millions except where indicated) September  30 September  30 % var. % var. September  30 September  30 % var. % var. 2023 2022 CER (*) 2023 2022 CER (*) All store Number of stores 267 259 3 .1% 267 259 3 .1% Closing rentable sqm (1) 1 352 1 302 3 .8% 1 352 1 302 3 .8% Closing rented sqm (2) 1 208 1 161 4 .1% 1 208 1 161 4 .1% Closing occupancy rate (3) 89.4% 89.2% 0 .2 pp 89.4% 89.2% 0 .2 pp Average rented sqm (4) 1 204 1 157 4 .0% 1 190 1 141 4 .3 % Average occupancy rate (5) 89.2% 89.5% - 0 .3 pp 88.4% 88.6% - 0 .2 pp Average in-place rent (in € per sqm) (6) 262.7 255.2 3 .0% 4 .6% 259.2 249.7 3 .8% 5 .7% Average revPAM (in € per sqm) (7) 268.6 262.9 2 .2 % 3 .7% 262.4 255.2 2 .8% 4 .7% Property operating revenue (8) 90.7 85.0 6 .7% 8 .3 % 265.0 246.4 7 .5% 9 .4 % Income from property (NOI) (9) 62.8 58.5 7.3 % 9 .1% 173.1 160.3 8 .0% 10 .1% NOI margin (10) 69.2% 68.8% 0 .4 pp 0 .5pp 65.3% 65.0% 0 .3 pp 0 .4 pp EBITDA (11) 57.8 53.0 9 .2 % 11 .2 % 156.8 144.4 8 .6% 10 .9% Adj. EPRA earnings (12) 42.7 39.3 8 .6% 10 .6% 114.5 103.8 10 .3 % 12 .6% Adj. EPRA earnings per share in € (basic) (13) 0.48 0.44 8 .6% 10 .5% 1.28 1.17 10 .2 % 12 .6% Same store Number of stores 240 240 0 .0% 240 240 0 .0% Closing rentable sqm (1) 1 200 1 198 0 .1% 1 200 1 198 0 .1% Closing rented sqm (2) 1 091 1 089 0 .2 % 1 091 1 089 0 .2 % Closing occupancy rate (3) 90.9% 90.9% 0 .0pp 90.9% 90.9% 0 .0pp Average rented sqm (4) 1 090 1 091 - 0 .1% 1 086 1 084 0 .2 % Average occupancy rate (5) 90.8% 91.1% - 0 .2 pp 90.5% 90.5% 0 .0pp Average in-place rent (in € per sqm) (6) 268.2 257.6 4 .1% 5 .8% 264.0 251.7 4 .9% 6 .8% Average revPAM (in € per sqm) (7) 278.2 269.2 3 .3 % 5 .0% 272.6 261.8 4 .1% 6 .0% Property operating revenue (8) 83.5 80.7 3 .5% 5 .1% 245.3 235.2 4 .3 % 6 .2 % Income from property (NOI) (9) 58.6 56.0 4 .6% 6 .4 % 163.5 155.1 5 .4 % 7.5% NOI margin (10) 70.2% 69.4% 0 .8pp 0 .8pp 66.6% 65.9% 0 .7pp 0 .8pp All store property operating revenue by country France 21.7 20.1 7.9% 7.9% 63.5 58.8 8 .0% 8.0% The Netherlands 19.7 17.6 12 .3 % 12 .3 % 57.3 50.6 13 .2 % 13 .2 % The United Kingdom 18.3 17.0 7.4 % 7.8% 52.6 48.7 8 .0% 11 .0% Sweden 11.4 12.3 - 7.7% 2 .3 % 34.6 36.4 - 5 .0% 3 .6% Germany 8.7 7.6 13 .9% 13 .9% 25.2 21.9 15 .1% 15 .1% Belgium 6.8 6.4 7.5% 7.5% 20.0 18.5 7 .9% 7.9% Denmark 4.0 3.9 1 .8% 2 .0% 11.8 11.5 2 .2 % 2 .4 % Total 90.7 85.0 6 .7% 8 .3 % 265.0 246.4 7 .5% 9 .4 % Same store property operating revenue by country France 19.8 19.0 4 .1% 4 .1% 58.4 55.9 4 .5% 4 .5% The Netherlands 18.2 16.8 7 .7% 7 .7% 53.0 48.6 8 .9% 8 .9% The United Kingdom 16.5 15.7 5 .4 % 5 .8% 47.7 45.6 4 .6% 7.5% Sweden 11.0 12.3 - 10 .9% - 1 .2 % 33.6 36.4 - 7.9% 0 .4 % Germany 7.2 6.5 10 .4 % 10 .4 % 21.0 18.7 12 .5% 12 .5% Belgium 6.8 6.4 7.5% 7.5% 20.0 18.5 7 .9% 7.9% Denmark 4.0 3.9 1 .8% 2 .0% 11.8 11.5 2 .2 % 2 .4 % Total 83.5 80.7 3 .5% 5 .1% 245.3 235.2 4 .3 % 6 .2 % Same store average occupancy by country France 89.8% 89.7% 0 .1pp 89.5% 89.4% 0 .1pp The Netherlands 92.0% 91.6% 0 .4 pp 91.6% 90.6% 1 .0pp The United Kingdom 88.5% 89.7% - 1 .2 pp 87.9% 88.5% - 0 .6pp Sweden 91.1% 92.4% - 1 .3 pp 91.2% 92.0% - 0 .8pp Germany 91.1% 91.2% - 0 .1pp 91.1% 91.0% 0 .1pp Belgium 93.1% 92.2% 0 .9pp 92.4% 91.6% 0 .8pp Denmark 91.3% 93.1% - 1 .7pp 91.5% 93.8% - 2 .3 pp Total 90.8% 91.1% - 0 .2 pp 90.5% 90.5% 0 .0pp Same store average in-place rent by country France 272.4 262.6 3 .8% 3 .8% 269.4 256.7 5 .0% 5 .0% The Netherlands 234.5 217.6 7 .7% 7 .7% 229.2 211.3 8 .5% 8 .5% The United Kingdom 371.8 345.0 7.8% 8 .2 % 360.3 338.2 6 .6% 9 .5% Sweden 235.8 260.4 - 9 .4 % 0 .3 % 239.3 256.6 - 6 .7% 1 .7% Germany 284.5 256.7 10 .8% 10 .8% 278.7 249.4 11 .8% 11 .8% Belgium 219.0 203.3 7 .7% 7 .7% 213.9 198.4 7 .8% 7.8% Denmark 290.4 279.2 4 .0% 4 .2 % 286.9 272.4 5 .3 % 5 .5% Total 268.2 257.6 4 .1% 5 .8% 264.0 251.7 4 .9% 6 .8% (*) Constant Exchange Rate 6THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE About Shurgard Shurgard is the largest provider of self storage in Europe. The company owns and/or operates 275 self-storage facilities and approximately 1.4 million net rentable square meters in seven countries: France  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  Sweden  Germany  Belgium and Denmark. Shurgard is a GRESB 5-star and Sector Leader  has a 'AA' ESG rating from MSCI  Sustainalytics Low risk  EPRA sBPR Gold medal. Shurgard is part of the BEL ESG index. Shurgard's European network currently serves more than 190 000 customers and employs approximately 750 people. Shurgard is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol ""SHUR"". For additional information: www.shurgard.com/corporate For high resolution images: https://shurgard.prezly.com/media Contact Caroline Thirifay  Director of Investor Relations  Shurgard Self Storage Ltd E-mail: investor.relations@shurgard.co.uk M: +44 75 96 87 57 13 Nathalie Verbeeck  Citigate Dewe Rogerson E-mail:nathalie.verbeeck@citigatedewerogerson.com M: +32 477 45 75 41 7",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Shurgard Self Storage S A', 'Third quarter 2023 results', 'September', 'November', '01', 'THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Operational update', 'total company Adj. EPRA earnings growth', '6.2% same store property operating revenue growth', '5.1% same store property operating revenue growth', '90.5% same store average occupancy rate', '90.8% same store average occupancy rate', 'average effective income tax rate', 'same store operating expenses', 'same store NOI margin increase', '9.4% property operating revenue growth', '8.3% property operating revenue growth', '66.6% same store NOI margin', 'Self storage industry leader', 'EPRA net tangible assets', 'Shurgard Self Storage Ltd', 'Shurgard Chief Executive Officer', '0.2pp NOI margin growth', '6.8% same store average', '5.8% same store average', 'same prior year period', 'same store pool', 'same store achievements', '8% total revenue growth', 'Solid Q3 results', 'third consecutive quarter', 'Constant Exchange Rate', 'place rate increases', 'total lettable area', 'strong operational performance', 'adjusted EPRA earnings', 'place rent growth', 'double digit growth', 'direct project cost', 'challenging market conditions', 'property investment decisions', 'c. 2pp growth', 'next three years', 'interest coverage ratio', 'future new footage', 'third consecutive year', 'net financial debt', 'solid quarterly performance', 'good economic performance', 'stable high occupancy', '3.8% additional rentable sqm', 'net rentable sqm', 'strong YTD performance', 'eight new stores', '12.6% Solid expansion pipeline', 'same period', '65.3% NOI margin', 'NOI) growth', 'same stores', 'property yield', 'Net debt', 'margin imporvements', 'Limited growth', 'Consistent growth', 'double-digit growth', 'strong increase', 'EBITDA ratio', 'new developments', 'investment value', 'three countries', 'strong per', 'c. 70,000 sqm', 'Regulated Information', 'All stores', 'Lower costs', 'pricing traction', 'digital shift', 'Cash position', 'expansion plan', 'new capacity', '12 months EBITDA', 'pricing power', 'medium-term guidance', 'fiscal year', 'Marc Oursin', 'stable demand', 'residential customers', 'business customers', 'digitalization plan', 'ESG matters', 'engaged teams', 'Overall Shurgard', 'date September', 'UK REIT', '10.1% income', '9.1% income', '4,258 sqm', '195,000 sqm', '6 a', 'GMT', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'impact', '0.8pp', 'March', 'share', 'December', 'hand', 'LTV', 'ICR', 'construction', 'leases', '2023 Outlook', 'target', 'redevelopments', 'acquisitions', 'maturity', 'dividend', 'terms', 'significant', 'Belgium', 'Europe', 'roll', 'title', 'GRESB', '91 score', 'maximum', '5 stars', 'leadership', 'support', 'Board', 'Directors', 'data', 'resilience', 'markets', '100']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Third-quarter-2023-earnings-45232059/,Societe Generale: Third quarter 2023 earnings -November 03  2023 at 01:26 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) RESULTS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2023 Press releaseParis  3 November 2023 The results are for the first time published and commented under the reported view  as announced during the Capital Markets Day QUARTERLY RESULTS Quarterly revenues of EUR 6…,RESULTS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2023Press releaseParis  3 November 2023The results are for the first time published and commented under the reported view  as announced during the Capital Markets DayQUARTERLY RESULTSQuarterly revenues of EUR 6.2 billion  down by -6.2% vs. Q3 22  mainly as a result of the peak of the impact of short-term hedges on the net interest income reached in Q3 23 in French retailCost-to-income ratio at 70.4% in Q3 23  with operating expenses increasing by less than +1% vs. Q3 22  at constant perimeterLow cost of risk at 21 basis points in Q3 23  now on expected to be below 20 basis points for FY 2023Exceptional net incomeimpact of EUR -610m1 due to the goodwill impairment of the African  Mediterranean basin and Overseas activities and Equipment Finance activities for a total amount of around EUR -340 million  and also  the booking of a provision for Deferred Tax Assets for a total of around EUR -270 millionGroup net income of EUR 295 million (EUR 905 million excluding exceptional items1)Reported ROTE at 3.8% (6.0% excluding exceptional items1)9M 23 RESULTSRevenues of EUR 19.1 billionCost-to-income ratio at 72.4%2  68.9% excluding contribution to the Single Resolution FundCost of risk at 15 basis pointsGroup net income of EUR 2.1 billion  vs. EUR 755 million in 9M-22Reported ROTE at 5.0%2  vs. 1.0% in 9M-22BALANCE SHEET AND LIQUIDITY PROFILECET 1 ratio of 13.3%3 at end-Q3 23  around 350 basis points above the regulatory requirementLiquidity Coverage Ratio at 147% at end-Q3 23Stable deposit base vs. Q2 23Provision for distribution of EUR 1.334 per share  at end-September 2023MAJOR MILESTONES ACHIEVEDRecord quarter for client acquisition at BoursoBank  with 412 000 new clientsCreation of the brand Ayvens  following the completion of the LeasePlan acquisition by ALDCompletion of the 2022 share buy-backs for a total of around EUR 440 millionSlawomir Krupa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“This quarter was marked by a good commercial performance in most businesses  limited increase in operating expenses and a low cost of risk. Global Banking and Investor Solutions notably posted stable revenues compared to a high level last year  and International Retail Banking maintained a solid performance. The Group’s net result was penalized by the negative effect of short-term hedges on net interest income in French retail  the impact of which peaked in Q3 23. It also includes  as announced during our Capital Markets Day  exceptional accounting items  with no impact on the capital ratio  or on shareholder distribution. Finally  in line with previous quarters  the balance sheet is very solid with a CET 1 ratio of 13.3%  up 20 basis points  and a robust liquidity profile.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change Net banking income 6 189 6 600 -6.2% -9.2%* 19 147 20 544 -6.8% -7.4%* Operating expenses (4 360) (4 083) +6.8% +2.0%* (13 858) (13 539) +2.4% +0.9%* Gross operating income 1 829 2 517 -27.3% -27.5%* 5 289 7 005 -24.5% -23.7%* Net cost of risk (316) (456) -30.7% -33.1%* (664) (1 234) -46.2% -37.4%* Operating income 1 513 2 061 -26.6% -26.2%* 4 625 5 771 -19.9% -21.3%* Net profits or losses from other assets 6 4 +50.0% +50.2%* (92) (3 286) +97.2% +97.2%* Impairment losses on goodwill (338) 0 n/s n/s (338) 0 n/s n/s Income tax (624) (369) +69.1% +69.1%* (1 377) (1 029) +33.8% +30.7%* Net income 563 1 700 -66.9% -67.1%* 2 836 1 464 +93.7% +87.4%* O.w. non-controlling interests 268 255 +5.1% +2.5%* 773 709 +9.0% +6.3%* Reported Group net income 295 1 445 -79.6% -79.5%* 2 063 755 x 2.7 x 2.6* ROE 0.9% 9.5% 3.6% 0.9% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 3.8% 10.8% 5.0% 1.0% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 70.4% 61.9% 3.6% 0.9% +0.0% +0.0%*Asterisks* in the document refer to data at constant perimeter and exchange rateSociete Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 2 November 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q3 23 and for the first nine months of 2023.Net banking incomeNet banking income decreased in Q3 23 by -6.2% (-9.2%*) vs. Q3 22 largely due to the decline in the net interest income in French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  and to negative revenue in the Corporate Centre (in particular  impacts from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations and other volatile items).Revenues recorded by French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance decreased by -16.4% vs. Q3 22 owing to the decline in the net interest income which continues to be impacted by short-term hedges that were taken until 2022. Insurance’s revenues climbed by +11% vs. Q3 22.Global Banking & Investor Solutions recorded lower revenues  down by a slight -0.4% in Q3 23 vs. a very good Q3 22  thanks to sustained level of activity. Global Markets & Investor Services posted solid revenues compared with a strong reference point in Q3 22 (-1.7%)  driven by robust commercial activity in equity derivatives and a good performance in fixed income activities. Financing & Advisory activities posted a robust performance  with increased revenues in the asset finance platform. The securitisation and natural resources finance activities also turned in a solid performance. Investment banking activities rebounded during the quarter  particularly in the acquisition finance segment and for primary bond market activities. Global Transaction & Payment Services’ activities continued to grow on back of high interest rates.International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues climbed by +12.0% (-0.8%*) vs. Q3 22  in particular following the integration of LeasePlan by ALD.Corporate Centre recorded revenues of EUR -231m in Q3 23 which included around EUR -63 million euros due to the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations  in addition to impacts from the change in fair value of the swaps used for the replacement of equity stakes in subsidiaries.Over 9M 23  net banking income decreased by -6.8% vs. 9M 22.Operating expensesIn Q3 23  operating expenses came to EUR 4 360 million  up by +6.8% vs. Q3 22.They include around EUR 230 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities in ALD excluding transformation charges  and EUR 145 million in transformation costs. At constant perimeter  operating expenses are increasing by less than +1% vs. Q3 22.Over 9M 23  operating expenses totalled EUR 13 858 million  up by +2.4% vs. 9M 22.They include EUR 339 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities in ALD  excluding transformation charges and EUR 627 million in transformation costs.The cost-to-income ratio came to 72.4% in 9M 23 (68.9% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q3 23 was moderate at 21 basis points  i.e.  EUR 316 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 419 million (28 basis points) and a reversal of provision on performing loans for EUR -103 million (around -7 basis points). The Group now estimates that the cost of risk for FY 2023 will be lower than 20 basis points.At end-September 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 612 million.The non-performing loans ratio amounted to 2.9%5 at 30 September 2023. The gross coverage ratio on stood at 46%6 at 30 September 2023 (80% after taking into account guarantees and collateral).At 30 September 2023  the Group sharply reduced its offshore exposure to Russia to around EUR 1.0 billion of EAD (Exposure at Default) compared with EUR 1.6 billion at 30 June 2023 (-38%). The maximum risk exposure on this portfolio is estimated at around EUR 0.3 billion before provision. Total provisions stands at EUR 0.2 billion. The onshore residual exposure is very limited at around EUR 15 million and relates to the integration of LeasePlan activities in Russia.Group net incomeGroup net income stood at EUR 295 million in Q3 23  i.e.  a Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) of 3.8%.It was negatively impacted by EUR -610m of exceptional items  which include on the one hand  the goodwill impairment of the African  Mediterranean basin and Overseas activities and Equipment Finance activities for a total of around EUR -340 million  and on the other hand  the booking of a provision for Deferred Tax Assets of around EUR -270 million.Group net income for 9M 23 came to EUR 2 063 million  i.e.  a reported ROTE of 5.0%; and of 6.5% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund contribution.ESGAccelerating the decarbonisation of our businesses with new targetsSociété Générale is committed to a process of aligning its financing with trajectories compatible with the objectives of carbon neutrality in 2050  starting with the most CO2-emitting activities  as defined by the Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA).The Group has set new targets  announced for the most at the Capital Markets Day on 18 September 2023:Accelerate the reduction of upstream Oil & Gas exposure  reaching -80% by 2030 vs. 2019  with an intermediary 2025 step of -50% (vs. the previous commitment of -20%); Stop providing 7 financial products and services dedicated to upstream Oil & Gas greenfield projects; Phase-out exposure 8 on upstream Oil & Gas private pure players and reinforce engagement with energy sector clients  particularly on their climate strategy; New target on Oil & Gas financed GHG emissions of -70% by 2030 vs. 2019 9 ;New Automotive sector 10 target of -51% carbon emission intensity by 2030 vs. 2021;target of -51% carbon emission intensity by 2030 vs. 2021; New Steel sector target for an alignment score of 0 by 2030  based on the Sustainable Steel Principles for the 1.5°C scenarios of the IEA 11 and MPP 12 ;and MPP ; New Cement sector target of -20% carbon emission intensity by 2030 vs. 2022.Investing in innovation and developing partnerships to generate more impactLaunch of a EUR 1 billion transition new investment fund. The fund’s objective is to support clients on energy transition  green technologies  nature-based solutions and impact-driven opportunities which support the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals;Create an independent scientific advisory board composed of experts covering climate  nature  social issues and sustainable development that will enrich the Group’s ESG reflections  bringing long-term perspectives and scientific views;Explore new areas of cooperation with the International Finance Corporation (IFC)  a member of the World Bank Group  in sustainable finance projects.Being a responsible employer of choiceThe Group is seeking to further strengthen its commitment to gender diversity  allocating EUR 100 million to reduce the pay gap and targeting more than 35% of women in senior leadership roles by 2026.THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 68.1 billion at 30 September 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 71.6 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 62.1.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 599 billion at 30 September 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 9) stood at EUR 967 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 497 billion vs. EUR 516 billion 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 612 billion  up around 3% vs. 31 December 2022.At 30 September 2023  the parent company had issued EUR 46.5 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 4.9 years and an average spread of 78 basis points (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 3.9 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 50.4 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 147% at end-September 2023 (155% on average in Q3)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. At the same time  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 117% at end-September 2023 vs. 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) were down vs. end of June 2023  at EUR 384.2 billion at 30 September 2023 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk account for 84.4% of the total  i.e.  EUR 324.2 billion  up by 7.8% vs. 31 December 2022.At 30 September 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio(13) stood at 13.3%  or around 350 basis points above the regulatory requirement of 9.76%. The Group’s Common Tier 1 ratio (CET 1) at 30 September 2023 includes an +6 basis-point impact from the phasing of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.2%. At end-September 2023  the Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.9% while the total capital ratio amounted to 18.6%  above the respective regulatory requirements of 11.66% and 14.20%.The leverage ratio stood at 4.2% at 30 September 2023  above the regulatory requirement of 3.5%.With a RWA level of 32.5% and leverage exposure of 8.5% at end-September 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the respective Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023 of 22.1% and 6.75%. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 34.0% of RWA and 8.9% of leverage exposure at end-September 2023  are also far above the respective regulatory requirements of 25.7% and 5.91%.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  positive outlook  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1”  (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1”  (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL BANKING  PRIVATE BANKING AND INSURANCEIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change Net banking income 1 883 2 253 -16.4% 6 070 6 931 -12.4% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 877 2 200 -14.7% 6 070 6 784 -10.5% Operating expenses (1 591) (1 635) -2.7% (5 036) (5 090) -1.1% Gross operating income 292 618 -52.8% 1 034 1 841 -43.8% Net cost of risk (144) (196) -26.5% (342) (264) +29.5% Operating income 148 422 -64.9% 692 1 577 -56.1% Net profits or losses from other assets 0 3 -100.0% 3 6 -50.0% Reported Group net income 110 317 -65.3% 518 1 177 -56.0% RONE 2.8% 7.9% 4.5% 10.1% Cost to income 84.5% 72.6% 83.0% 73.4%(2)SG network  Private Banking and InsuranceAverage loan outstandings contracted by -4% on the Q3 22 level to EUR 204 billion. Loan outstandings to corporate and professional clients excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans rose by +1% vs. Q3 22 and were driven by short-term credits. Home loan outstandings contracted by -5% vs. Q3 22 owing to the Group’s strict lending policy implemented since mid-2022.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits of SG network clients declined by -5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 238 billion (shift from sight deposits to interest-bearing deposits).As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio came to 86% in Q3 23.Private Banking activities cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France. Assets under management totalled EUR 143 billion in Q3 23. Private Banking’s net asset inflows amounted to EUR 0.6 billion at Q3 23. Net banking income for the quarter stood at EUR 367 million  up +5.2% vs. Q3 22 (EUR 1 115 million for 9M 23  up +4.7% vs. 9M 22).Insurance  which covers activities in and outside of France  has been consolidated in the French Retail Banking  Private Banking and Insurance core business as of this quarter.Life insurance outstandings stood at EUR 132 billion at end-September 2023. The unit-linked share accounted for 37% at a high level  and was up 2.7 points vs. the end-September 2022 level. Gross life insurance inflows amounted to EUR 2.6 billion in Q3 23.Protection insurance premiums were by +4% vs. Q3 22  with solid commercial momentum in property and casualty premiums (+9% vs. Q3 22).BoursoBankBoursoBank is riding high on its new ambition  having registered 412 000 new clients  which is a quarterly record  and with a stable profile. Totally  it acquired 838 000 new clients over the first nine months of 2023. The leading online bank in France reached 5.4 million clients at the end of September 2023  with a low churn rate14  which is decreasing and lower than the market’s.Assets under management continue to rise at a consistent pace by vintage.Average loan outstandings dipped by -4.3% on the Q3 22 level to EUR 15 billion. Home loan production gradually picked up over the quarter.Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +20.5% higher vs. Q3 22 at EUR 55 billion. Deposits outstanding rose strongly by +24% vs. Q3 22 on back of robust collection over the quarter (EUR 1.4 million)  notably on interest-bearing products. Life insurance outstandings increased by +9.5% vs. Q3 22  with the unit-linked share accounting for 43%. Net inflows were slightly positive over the quarter.BoursoBank strengthened its day-to-day banking  posting a +25% rise in number of transactions vs. Q3 22 and a record number of credit card operations.Net banking incomeIn Q3 23  revenues totalled EUR 1 877 million  down -15% vs. Q3 22  excluding PEL/CEL. Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL contracted by -27% vs. Q3 22  mainly due to the impact of the short-term hedges on the NII  the higher interest rate on regulated savings schemes  the consequences of the usury rate and the end of the TLTRO programme. Fee income decreased by -2% relative to Q3 22.Over 9M 23  revenues totalled EUR 6 070 million  down by -11% vs. 9M 22  excluding PEL/CEL. The net interest income excluding PEL/CEL was down by -21% vs. 9M 22. Fee income rose slightly by +0.4% relative to 9M 22.Based on latest assumptions consistent with the current economic environment  the forecast of the net interest income of French retail banking  Private Banking and Insurance is expected to decrease by more than 20% in 2023 vs. 2022. In 2024  based on the latest budget assumptions  the NII of the French retail banking  Private Banking and Insurance is expected to be at a level higher or equal to the 2022 amount.Operating expensesIn Q3 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 591 million (-2.7% vs. Q3 22) including EUR 46 million in restructuring costs. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 84.5% for Q3 23.Over 9M 23  operating expenses totalled EUR 5 036 million (-1.1% vs. 9M 22). The cost-to-income ratio stood at 83.0%.Cost of riskIn Q3 23  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 144 million or 24 basis points  which was slightly higher than in Q2 23 (18 basis points).Over 9M 23  the commercial cost of risk totalled EUR 342 million or 18 basis points vs. 14 basis points in 9M 22.Group net incomeIn Q3 23  Group net income came to EUR 110 million  down -65.0% vs. Q3 22. RONE stood at 2.8% in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  Group net income totalled EUR 518 million  down -56% vs. 9M 22. RONE stood at 4.5% in 9M 23.4. GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q3 23 Q3 22 Variation 9M 23 9M 22 Variation Net banking income 2 309 2 318 -0.4% +2.1%* 7 455 7 649 -2.5% -1.4%* Operating expenses (1 479) (1 470) +0.6% +3.4%* (5 188) (5 281) -1.8% -0.8%* Gross operating income 830 848 -2.1% -0.1%* 2 267 2 368 -4.3% -2.8%* Net cost of risk (13) (80) -83.8% -83.2%* 9 (343) n/s n/s Operating income 817 768 +6.4% +8.4%* 2 276 2 025 +12.4% +14.3%* Reported Group net income 647 601 +7.7% +9.6%* 1 813 1 598 +13.4% +15.4%* RONE 16.9% 14.7% +0.0% +0.0%* 15.6% 13.4% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 64.1% 63.4% +0.0% +0.0%* 69.6% 69.0% +0.0% +0.0%*Net banking incomeGlobal Banking & Investor Solutions delivered a good performance in the third quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 309 million  stable in comparison to a strong Q3 22.Over the first nine months of the year  revenues are slightly down by -2.5% vs. 9M 22 (EUR 7 455 million vs. EUR 7 649 million).Global Markets & Investor Services recorded revenues of EUR 1 482 million in Q3 23  which was a minor -1.7% decrease in comparison to a high reference point in Q3 22. Over 9M 23  revenues stood at EUR 4 940 million  a -5.4% decrease vs. 9M 22.Global Markets turned in a solid performance with revenues of EUR 1 314 million  down -2.4% vs. Q3 22  which was a record third quarter result(15). Over 9M 23  revenues decreased by -5.7% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 4 383 million.The Equities business posted a very solid performance overall  recording revenues of EUR 800 million for Q3 23  which was a minor -1.0% decrease vs. a very high Q3 22  on back of a broadly robust commercial activity notably driven by strong momentum in investment solutions despite less conducive market conditions than in Q3 22  notably in the flow and financing businesses. Over 9M 23  revenues decreased by -8.4% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 2 431 million.Fixed income and Currencies recorded a solid performance  notably on back of investment solutions on rates despite a less favourable market environment  particularly for flow businesses. In Q3 23  revenues decreased by -4.6% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 514 million. Over 9M 23  revenues dipped slightly by -2.0% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 1 952 million.Securities Services’ revenues were up by +4.3% over the quarter to EUR 168 million. Excluding the impact of the valuation of various equity participations  business activity decreased by -4.0% compared with Q3 22. Over 9M 23  revenues fell by -3.1% vs. 9M 22  but rose by +2.9% excluding these participations. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 671 billion and EUR 577 billion  respectively.The Financing and Advisory business posted a record Q3 performance  with revenues of EUR 827 million  up by +2.1% vs. Q3 22. Over 9M 23  revenues came to EUR 2 515 million  up by +3.6% vs. 9M 22.The Global Banking & Advisory business turned in a solid performance. Revenues decreased by -2.7% vs. Q3 22. Business benefited notably from the solid activity in Asset-Backed Products. Investment Banking also reaped the benefit of good commercial momentum that was driven by robust activity in acquisition finance and continued strong performance in debt capital markets activities. Meanwhile  the Asset Finance and Natural Resources platforms had a sustained commercial performance over the quarter. Over the first nine months of the year  business contracted by -4.1% vs. 9M 22.Global Transaction and Payment Services recorded strong revenue growth of +18.3% vs. Q3 22  reaping the dual benefit of high interest rates and increased fee income. Over 9M 23  revenues advanced strongly by +35.3% vs. 9M 22.Operating expensesOperating expenses for the quarter totalled EUR 1 479 million  including EUR 41 million in transformation charges  up by a slight +0.6% vs. Q3 22  reflecting the tight rein on costs despite the inflationary backdrop. Accordingly  the cost-to-income ratio came to 64.1% in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  operating expenses contracted by -1.8% vs. 9M 22. The cost-to-income ratio for 9M 23 consequently came to 69.6%. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF)  the ratio was 63.1%.Cost of riskIn Q3 23  the cost of risk remained at very low 3 basis points (or EUR 13 million) vs. -7 basis points in Q2 23.Over 9M 23  the cost of risk stood at -1 basis points vs. 26 basis points in 9M 22.Group net incomeGroup net income came to EUR 647 million  up by +7.7%. For the first nine months of the year  it rose by a sharp +13.4% to EUR 1 813 million.Global Banking and Investor Solutions again reported strong RONE of 16.9% for the quarter. Over the first nine months of the year  reported RONE came to 15.6% and 18.8% excluding the contribution to the SRF.5. INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING  MOBILITY AND LEASING SERVICESIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change Net banking income 2 228 1 990 +12.0% -0.8%* 6 492 6 028 +7.7% +4.6%* Operating expenses (1 237) (920) +34.5% +9.0%* (3 479) (2 940) +18.3% +10.5%* Gross operating income 991 1 070 -7.4% -9.2%* 3 013 3 088 -2.4% -1.0%* Net cost of risk (175) (150) +16.7% +8.4%* (349) (572) -39.0% -10.7%* Operating income 816 920 -11.3% -12.1%* 2 664 2 516 +5.9% +0.3%* Net profits or losses from other assets 1 2 -50.0% -50.0%* 0 12 -100.0% -100.0%* Reported Group net income 377 511 -26.2% -26.0%* 1 325 1 395 -5.0% -11.0%* RONE 14.9% 22.2% 18.6% 18.9% Cost to income 55.5% 46.2% 53.6% 48.8%International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans rose by +5.0% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 66.3 billion. Outstanding deposits increased by +3.5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 81.6 billion.In Europe  outstanding loans were up + 5.2% vs. end-September 2022 to EUR 41.4 billion  with +4.2% vs. Q3 22 in the Czech Republic and +12.5% vs. Q3 22 in Romania. Outstanding deposits grew across all segments in the two countries  by +3.5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 54.2 billion.In Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  outstanding loans (EUR 25 billion in Q3 23) and outstanding deposits (EUR 27.4 billion in Q3 23) grew respectively by +3.7% and +3.4% vs. Q3 22. Commercial performances were particularly robust in sub-Saharan Africa  which posted loan outstandings growth of +12.7% vs. Q3 22 and deposit outstandings of +5.8% vs. Q3 22.Mobility and Leasing Services also showed strong momentum. Earning assets grew by +14.1% to EUR 50.2 billion at end-September 2023 vs. EUR 44.0 billion at end-September 2022. Growth was driven by the increase in car values.Consumer Finance loan outstandings rose by +2.9% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 24 billion at end-September 2023. Equipment Finance posted leasing ouststandings of EUR 15 billion in Q3 23  up by + 3.7% vs. Q3 22 on back of robust new production.Net banking incomeIn Q3 23  net banking income amounted to EUR 2 228 million  up by +12% vs. Q3 22.Over 9M 23  revenues grew by +7.7% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 6 492 million.International Retail Banking’s net banking income was robust during the quarter  posting a steady growth of +2.8% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 1 044 million in Q3 23. Over the first nine months of 2023  net banking income was stable vs. 9M 22 at EUR 3 124 million.Revenues in Europe were down in the third quarter to EUR 506 million (-4.5% vs. Q3 22). Momentum in Romania remained solid (+8.0% vs. Q3 22)  while NII in Czech Republic  which remains high vs. past years  is down compared to a high level in Q3 22.Net banking income for the Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories business unit reported a strong increase of +10.7% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 538 million in Q3 23.Mobility and Leasing Services recorded net banking income growth of +21.6% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 1 184 million. Boosted by the integration of LeasePlan  Ayvens posted a +37.2% increase  with stable margin revenues on leasing contracts and services (excluding reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items). Regarding Used Car Sales (UCS) net result (including the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs)  it is normalising to an average of EUR 1 033 per unit vs EUR 3 014 in Q3 22. Excluding this reduction impact in depreciation costs  UCS results per unit would have been EUR 2 346 in Q3 23 vs. EUR 3 607 in Q3 22.In Q3 23  the contribution of LeasePlan’s revenues was around EUR 300 million  impacted by negative Marked-to-Market of hedging portfolio (EUR -82m) and consolidation adjustments on UCS and depreciation costs (EUR ~-150m in total).Consumer Finance posted lower net banking income  notably owing to the impact of the usury rate in France.Over 9M 23  Mobility and Leasing Services recorded net banking income of EUR 3 368 million  up by +16.6% vs. 9M 22.Operating expensesIn Q3 23  operating expenses increased by +34.5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 1 237 million (+9%*)  impacted by LeasePlan expenses excluding transformation charges  for around EUR 230 million  and by around EUR 45 million in restructuring costs related to the integration. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 55.5% in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  operating expenses came to EUR 3 479 million  up by 18.3% vs. 9M 22 (+10.5%*).Amid an inflationary backdrop  International Retail Banking posted a +7.4% increase in operating expenses during the quarter vs. Q3 22 to EUR 567 million.Operating expenses for Mobility and Leasing Services came to EUR 670 million  which was a +70.9% increase vs. Q3 22. At constant scope and exchange rates  these expenses rose by +9%* vs. Q3 22.Cost of riskIn Q3 23  the cost of risk fell to 43 basis points (or EUR 175 million) vs. 47 basis points in Q3 22.Over 9M 23  the cost of risk stood at 32 basis points vs. 56 basis points in 9M 22.Group net incomeIn Q3 23  Group net income came to EUR 377 million  down -26.2% vs. Q3 22. RONE stood at 14.9% in Q3 23. RONE was 17.2% for International Retail Banking and 13.3% for Mobility and Leasing Services in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  Group net income totalled EUR 1 325 million  down -5% vs. 9M 22  while RONE stood at 18.6%. RONE for International Retail Banking was 17.3%  and 19.8% for Mobility and Leasing Services.CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 9M 23 9M 22 Net banking income (231) 39 (870) (64) Operating expenses (53) (58) (155) (228) Gross operating income (284) (19) (1 025) (292) Net cost of risk 16 (30) 18 (55) Net profits or losses from other assets 4 (1) (96) (3 304) Impairment losses on goodwill (338) - (338) - Income tax (211) 121 (80) 391 Reported Group net income (839) 16 (1 593) (3 415)Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -231 million in Q3 23 vs. EUR +39 million in Q3 22. It notably included the negative impact from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -0.1 billion at Q3 23 (approximately EUR -0.3 billion in 2023) and the negative impact from the change in market value of replacement swaps of the equity stakes in subsidiaries.Operating expenses totalled EUR -53 million in Q2 23 vs. EUR -58 million in Q3 22.Moreover  the Group recorded goodwill impairment on the Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories activities and on Equipment Finance activities for a total amount of around EUR 340 million16  and booked a provision for deferred tax assets of around EUR 270 million1.The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -839 million in Q3 23 vs. EUR +16 million in Q3 22.7. 2023 AND 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 and 2024 financial communications calendar8 February 2024 Fourth quarter and full year 2023 results3 May 2024 First quarter 2024 results 01 August 2024 Second quarter and half year 2024 resultsLes Indicateurs Alternatifs de Performance  notamment les notions de Produit net bancaire des piliers  Frais de gestion  ajustement d’IFRIC 21  coût du risque en points de base  ROE  ROTE  RONE  Actif net  Actif net tangible  et les montants servant de base aux différents retraitements effectués (en particulier le passage des données publiées aux données sous-jacentes) sont présentés dans les notes méthodologiques  ainsi que les principes de présentation des ratios prudentiels.Ce document comporte des éléments de projection relatifs aux objectifs et stratégies du Groupe Société Générale.Ces projections reposent sur des hypothèses  à la fois générales et spécifiques  notamment l’application de principes et de méthodes comptables conformes au référentiel IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) tel qu'adopté dans l'Union européenne  ainsi que l’application de la réglementation prudentielle en vigueur à ce jour.Ces éléments sont issus de scenarii fondés sur un certain nombre d'hypothèses économiques dans un contexte concurrentiel et réglementaire donné. Le Groupe peut ne pas être en mesure :- d’anticiper tous les risques  incertitudes ou autres facteurs susceptibles d’affecter son activité et d’en évaluer leurs conséquences potentielles ;- d’évaluer avec précision dans quelle mesure la matérialisation d’un risque ou d’une combinaison de risques pourrait entraîner des résultats significativement différents de ceux projetés dans cette présentation.Par conséquent  bien que Société Générale estime qu’ils reposent sur des hypothèses raisonnables  ces éléments de projection sont soumis à de nombreux risques et incertitudes  en particulier dans le contexte de la crise du Covid-19  notamment des sujets dont le Groupe ou sa direction n’ont pas encore connaissance ou actuellement jugés non significatifs  et rien ne garantit que les événements anticipés se matérialiseront ou que les objectifs mentionnés seront atteints. Les facteurs importants susceptibles d’entraîner une différence marquée entre les résultats réels et les résultats anticipés dans les éléments de projection comprennent  entre autres  les tendances de l’activité économique en général et celles des marchés de Société Générale en particulier  les changements réglementaires et prudentiels et le succès des initiatives stratégiques  opérationnelles et financières de Société Générale.Des informations détaillées sur les risques potentiels susceptibles d’affecter les résultats financiers de Société Générale sont consultables dans le Document d’enregistrement universel déposé auprès de l’Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Il est recommandé aux investisseurs de tenir compte des facteurs d’incertitudes et de risque susceptibles d’affecter les opérations du Groupe lorsqu’ils examinent les informations contenues dans les éléments de projection. Au-delà des obligations légales en vigueur  Société Générale ne s’engage aucunement à mettre à jour ou à réviser ses éléments de projection. Sauf mention contraire  les sources des classements et des positions de marché sont internes.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Variation 9M 23 9M 22 Variation French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 110 317 -65.3% 518 1 177 -56.0% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 647 601 +7.7% 1 813 1 598 +13.4% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 377 511 -26.2% 1 325 1 395 -5.0% Core Businesses 1 134 1 429 -20.6% 3 656 4 170 -12.3% Corporate Centre (839) 16 n/s (1 593) (3 415) +53.4% Group 295 1 445 -79.6% 2 063 755 x 2.7CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 30.09.2023 31.12.2022 R Cash  due from central banks 234 004 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 490 511 427 151 Hedging derivatives 32 050 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 89 527 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 27 468 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 87 404 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 487 788 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (2 389) (2 262) Insurance and reinsurance contracts assets 487 353 Tax assets 4 302 4 484 Other assets 82 243 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 591 1 081 Investments accounted for using the equity method 208 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 59 006 33 958 Goodwill 5 247 3 781 Total 1 599 447 1 484 900In EUR m 30.09.2023 31.12.2022 R Due to central banks 10 828 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 391 803 304 175 Hedging derivatives 45 062 46 164 Debt securities issued 154 010 133 176 Due to banks 118 564 133 011 Customer deposits 543 919 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedgedagainst interest rate risk (9 248) (9 659) Tax liabilities 2 436 1 645 Other liabilities 105 466 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 1 583 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 137 621 135 875 Provisions 4 322 4 579 Subordinated debts 14 824 15 948 Total liabilities 1 521 190 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 110 21 248 Other equity instruments 10 136 9 136 Retained earnings 34 393 34 479 Net income 2 063 1 825 Sub-total 67 702 66 688 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 375 282 Sub-total equity  Group share 68 077 66 970 Non-controlling interests 10 180 6 356 Total equity 78 257 73 326 Total 1 599 447 1 484 9009. APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the third quarter and nine months 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on November 2nd  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 9M 23 9M 22 French Retail  Private Banking and InsuranceNet Cost Of Risk 144 196 342 264 Gross loan Outstandings 243 740 246 467 248 757 244 941 Cost of Risk in bp 24 32 18 14 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 13 80 (9) 343 Gross loan Outstandings 167 057 190 678 170 165 179 454 Cost of Risk in bp 3 17 (1) 26 International Banking  Mobility and Leasing SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 175 150 349 572 Gross loan Outstandings 162 873 127 594 145 227 136 405 Cost of Risk in bp 43 47 32 56 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (16) 30 (18) 55 Gross loan Outstandings 22 681 15 924 19 364 15 093 Cost of Risk in bp (31) 75 (13) 49 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 316 456 664 1 234 Gross loan Outstandings 596 350 580 663 583 512 575 893 Cost of Risk in bp 21 31 15 29The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).5 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q3 23 Q3 22 9M 23 9M 22 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 077 66 835 68 077 66 835 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (11 054) (9 350) (11 054) (9 350) Interest payable to holders of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (102) (80) (102) (80) OCI excluding conversion reserves 853 844 853 844 Distribution provision(2) (1 059) (1 916) (1 059) (1 916) Distribution N-1 to be paid - (334) - (334) ROE equity end-of-period 56 715 56 000 56 715 56 000 Average ROE equity 56 572 55 400 56 326 55 058 Average Goodwill(3) (4 279) (3 667) (3 991) (3 646) Average Intangible Assets (3 390) (2 720) (3 128) (2 726) Average ROTE equity 48 903 49 013 49 207 48 686 Group net Income 295 1 445 2 063 755 Interest paid and payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation (165) (126) (544) (404) Cancellation of goodwill impairment 338 1 338 3 Adjusted Group net Income 468 1 320 1 858 354 ROTE 3.8% 10.8% 5.0% 1.0%RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm)In EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change French Retail   Private Banking and Insurance 15 898 16 104 -1.3% 15 488 15 500 -0.1% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 324 16 346 -6.3% 15 486 15 865 -2.4% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 10 136 9 191 +10.3% 9 505 9 816 -3.2% Core Businesses 41 358 41 641 -0.7% 40 479 41 181 -1.7% Corporate Centre 15 214 13 759 +10.6% 15 847 13 877 +14.2% Group 56 572 55 400 +2.1% 56 326 55 058 +2.3%2022 figures restated in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities. 176 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 9M 23 H1 23 2022 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 077 68 007 66 970 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (11 054) (10 815) (10 017) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (102) (28) (24) Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 86 134 67 Net Asset Value 57 007 57 298 56 996 Goodwill(2) (4 128) (4 429) (3 652) Intangible Assets (3 423) (3 356) (2 875) Net Tangible Asset Value 49 456 49 513 50 469 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(3) 796 242 801 471 801 147 Net Asset Value per Share 71.6 71.5 71.1 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.1 61.8 63.018 2022 figures restated in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities.7 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 9M 23 H1 23 2022 Existing shares 821 765 822 101 845 478 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 818 6 845 6 252 Other own shares and treasury shares 14 864 13 892 16 788 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 800 083 801 363 822 437 Group net Income (in EUR m) 2 063 1 768 1 825 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (in EUR m) (544) (379) (596) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 1 520 1 390 1 230 EPS (in EUR) 1.90 1.73 1.50198 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.209 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.10. APPENDIX 3: PRESS RELEASE DATED NOVEMBER 2ND 2023 - PUBLICATION OF THE NEW QUARTERLY RESULTS SERIESPress releaseParis  2 November 2023 Societe Generale today reports new quarterly series reflecting changes in the presentation of the Group’s financial performance as announced on the Capital Markets Day on 18 September 2023.During the Capital Markets Day on 18 September 2023  the Group announced several changes in the financial reporting of the Group and its businesses:Insurance business will from now on be integrated into French retail  forming the French Retail Banking  Private Banking and Insurance business.The Consumer Finance business in Europe has been transferred to Mobility and Leasing Services in International Retail Banking  Mobility and Leasing Services.Transformation charges  previously accounted for at the Corporate Centre  will from now on be directly borne by the businesses.Normative return of businesses is now based on a 12% capital allocation vs. 11% previouslyThe historical quarterly series have been restated in accordance with these changes in governance and financial reporting.None of the above items has any impact on the Group’s financial results.2022 quarterly series are restated accordingly and are available on Societe Generale’s website (The data of this press release have not been audited.)Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .1 Non-cash items with no impact on 2023 shareholder distribution2 Cost-to-income ratio based on reported figures (vs. underlying previously)  cost-to-income ratio and ROTE at 69.8% and 6.5% respectively excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund3 Phased-in ratio  pro-forma including Q3-23 results4 Based on a pay-out ratio of 50% of the Group net income  at the high-end of the 40%-50% payout ratio  as per regulation  restated from non-cash items and after deduction of interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notesNote: 2022 figures restated in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities  and in accordance with changes in performance reporting mentioned in appendix 35 Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 20196 Ratio of S3 provisions to gross book value of NPL before netting of guarantees and collateral7 Effective from 1 January 2024. The new sectoral policy detailing the terms is available on Societe Generale’s web page.8 Effective from 1 January 2024.9 Oil and Gas absolute financed GHG Emissions on scope 1  2 and 3 end use covering the broad value chain from upstream  midstream to downstream.10 Concerning the credit exposure to car manufacturers.11 International Energy Agency.12 Mission Possible Partnership’s Technology Moratorium.(13) Pro forma including Q3 23 results14 Bain & Company study 2022(1) At comparable business model in the post Global Financial Crisis (GFC) regulatory regime16 Non-cash items with no impact on 2023 shareholder distribution(1) Interest net of tax (2) The dividend to be paid is calculated based on a pay-out ratio of 50% of the Group net income restated from non-cash items and after deduction of deeply subordinated notes and on undated subordinated notes  (3) Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests.(1) Interest net of tax  (2) Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests  (3) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group (expressed in thousand of shares)(1) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares of the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.24,0.38,True,English,"['Third quarter 2023 earnings', 'Societe Generale', 'November', '01', 'regulatory requirement Liquidity Coverage Ratio', '15 basis points Group net income', 'African, Mediterranean basin', 'Single Resolution Fund', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'strong reference point', 'robust liquidity profile', 'Equipment Finance activities', 'Stable deposit base', 'first nine months', 'net interest income', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Exceptional net incomeimpact', 'fixed income activities', 'Deferred Tax Assets', 'exceptional accounting items', 'other volatile items', 'robust commercial activity', 'Net banking income', 'Gross operating income', 'International Retail Banking', 'good commercial performance', 'Societe Generale Group', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', '21 basis points', '20 basis points', 'capital ratio', 'income ratio', 'Income tax', 'exceptional items', 'other assets', 'Net profits', 'good performance', 'Global Markets', 'first time', 'Overseas activities', 'CET 1 ratio', 'Global Banking', 'Private Banking', 'Advisory activities', 'solid performance', 'The Group', 'net result', 'French retail', 'operating expenses', 'Net cost', 'stable revenues', 'Press release', 'constant perimeter', 'BALANCE SHEET', 'MAJOR MILESTONES', 'client acquisition', '412,000 new clients', 'LeasePlan acquisition', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'most businesses', 'limited increase', 'Investor Solutions', 'high level', 'negative effect', 'previous quarters', 'O.w.', 'non-controlling interests', 'exchange rate', 'negative revenue', 'Corporate Centre', 'TLTRO operations', 'sustained level', 'Investor Services', 'equity derivatives', 'short-term hedges', 'QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'Quarterly revenues', 'lower revenues', 'solid revenues', 'goodwill impairment', 'Record quarter', '2022 share buy-backs', 'shareholder distribution', 'Impairment losses', 'good Q3', 'Low cost', '9M 23 RESULTS', 'total amount', 'Change 9M', 'EURm Q3', '30 SEPTEMBER', 'Paris', '3 November', 'view', 'peak', 'less', 'risk', 'FY', 'booking', 'provision', 'ROTE', 'contribution', '9M-22', 'end-Q3', 'Q2', 'end-September', 'BoursoBank', 'Creation', 'brand', 'Ayvens', 'completion', 'ALD', 'line', 'ROE', 'document', 'data', 'Board', 'Directors', '2 November', 'chairmanship', 'Insurance', 'impacts', 'unwinding', 'slight', 'Financing', '3.', '350']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALD-35837978/news/Ayvens-reports-third-quarter-and-nine-months-2023-results-45232444/,Ayvens reports third quarter and nine months 2023 results,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ayvens1 reports third quarter and nine months 2023 results2 EARNING ASSETS3 UP 14.1% VS. SEPTEMBER 20224 UNDERPINNED BY THE INCREASE IN VEHICLE VALUELARGEST GLOBAL MULTI-BRAND EV5 FLEET: 505 T…,PRESS RELEASEQUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAyvens1 reports third quarter and nine months 2023 results2EARNING ASSETS 3 UP 14.1% VS. SEPTEMBER 2022 4 UNDERPINNED BY THE INCREASE IN VEHICLE VALUEUP 14.1% VS. SEPTEMBER 2022 UNDERPINNED BY THE INCREASE IN VEHICLE VALUE LARGEST GLOBAL MULTI-BRAND EV 5 FLEET: 505 THOUSAND AS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2023FLEET: 505 THOUSAND AS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2023 LEASING CONTRACT AND SERVICES MARGINS UP 61.6% IN Q3 2023 VS. Q3 2022 AND STABLE ON A LIKE-FOR-LIKE BASIS 6UCS RESULT PER UNIT 7 AT EUR 1 033 IN Q3 2023 AFTER THE IMPACT OF REDUCTION IN DEPRECIATION COSTS 8 (VS. EUR 3 014 IN Q3 2022)  IN LINE WITH EXPECTATIONSAT EUR 1 033 IN Q3 2023 AFTER THE IMPACT OF REDUCTION IN DEPRECIATION COSTS (VS. EUR 3 014 IN Q3 2022)  IN LINE WITH EXPECTATIONS COST TO INCOME RATIO (EXCLUDING UCS RESULT) AT 61.1% VS. 57.0% IN Q3 2022 6NET INCOME (GROUP SHARE): EUR 226.2 MILLION 9 IN Q3 2023  DOWN 28.9% VS. EXCEEDINGLY HIGH Q3 2022 BASE. IMPACT OF VOLATILITY OF MARK TO MARKET OF HEDGING INSTRUMENTS AND DECREASE IN UCS PROFITSIN Q3 2023  DOWN 28.9% VS. EXCEEDINGLY HIGH Q3 2022 BASE. IMPACT OF VOLATILITY OF MARK TO MARKET OF HEDGING INSTRUMENTS AND DECREASE IN UCS PROFITS CET 1 RATIO AT 12.3% AS AT END SEPTEMBER 2023Q3 2023 results highlightsTotal fleet 10 3.394 million contracts managed worldwide at end September 20233.394 million contracts managed worldwide at end September 2023 Funded fleet 2.691 million vehicles  up 3.4% 11 vs. end September 20222.691 million vehicles  up 3.4% vs. end September 2022 Gross operating income at EUR 814.9 million  up 25.4% vs. Q3 2022 and down by 6.7% on a like-for-like basis and excluding non-recurring items 12at EUR 814.9 million  up 25.4% vs. Q3 2022 and down by 6.7% on a like-for-like basis and excluding non-recurring items Operating expenses at EUR 448.7 million  x2 vs. Q3 2022 and up 6.5% on a like-for-like basis and excluding non-recurring itemsat EUR 448.7 million  x2 vs. Q3 2022 and up 6.5% on a like-for-like basis and excluding non-recurring items Cost of risk 13 at a low level: 18 bps vs. 23 bps in Q3 2022at a low level: 18 bps vs. 23 bps in Q3 2022 Result from discontinued operations at EUR +14.0 million  related to the disposal of ALD’s remedies entitiesOn 3 November 2023  Tim Albertsen  CEO of Ayvens  commenting on the Q3 2023 Group results  stated: “The integration of LeasePlan is progressing according to plan  with a number of key initiatives well underway and our first procurement objectives already reached. In parallel  we have taken two important steps towards becoming “one”. First  we presented our PowerUP 2026 strategic plan  whereby we draw on our industry leadership to shape the future of mobility and achieve excellence around our 4 priorities: clients  operational efficiency  responsibility and profitability. Second  we launched our global mobility brand ‘Ayvens’ which unites the two companies together under a single identity and highlights our new brand promise.Against the backdrop of challenging macroeconomic conditions and normalizing  yet still favourable used car markets  Ayvens achieved a solid commercial performance and mixed financial results  compared to a historically high 2022 base and confirmed its strong capital position and funding capabilities. I am confident that we will further demonstrate the relevance of our business model and create value in the months ahead by delivering on synergies  thanks to the commitment of our teams.”FY 2023 guidance confirmedIn the current context of high interest rates and inflation  the demand for mobility services remains strong  confirming the relevance of Ayvens’ business model. While new car registrations continued to progress in Europe compared to last year  they remained significantly below pre-Covid levels  leading Ayvens to maintain its expectation that the used car market will continue to normalize gradually  while staying at a high level.Ayvens expects for the full-year 2023:Funded fleet growth between 2% and 4% vs. end December 2022 14 (unchanged);(unchanged); Used Car Sales result per unit between EUR 1 200 and EUR 1 600 on average  including the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs in previous quarters  on ALD’s sales of c. 290 thousand vehicles. No UCS result is assumed on LeasePlan’s Used car sales 15 . (unchanged);(unchanged); Costs to achieve16 the integration and synergies at EUR 170 million (unchanged).Ayvens expects to finalize the Purchase Price Allocation exercise by the end of 2023.Good business growth marked by a strong increase in vehicle valueCommercial activity remained strong  with earning assets up by 14.1% year-on-year17 to EUR 50.2 billion as at 30 September 2023. Growth was primarily driven by inflation on car prices and the acceleration in EV penetration  which have a higher value.Continuing the positive trends of the previous quarters  Ayvens’ total fleet stood at 3 394 thousand as at end September 2023  up by 3.8% compared to end September 2022  reflecting the dynamic demand for mobility services.Full-service leasing contracts reached 2 691 thousand vehicles as at end September 2023  up 3.4% year-in-year. Thanks to increased registrations of new cars  the order book continued its slow normalization from the peak observed at the end of 2022  though remaining at a high level. Ayvens is on track to achieve its guidance of +2% to +4% funded fleet growth in 2023.Fleet management contracts increased by +5.3% vs. September 2022  to reach 703 thousand vehicles.Ayvens reinforced its leadership in sustainable mobility by continuing to promote electrification. EV penetration reached 34%18 of new passenger car registrations over 9M 2023  of which 37% in Q3 2023 alone. This outstanding performance compares very favourably to the European market at 22%19 in 9M 2023. Ayvens’ BEV20 and PHEV21 penetration stood at 21% and 13% respectively in 9M 2023  well ahead of the market.Ayvens owns the largest multi-brand EV fleet in the world  at 505 thousand vehicles as at 30 September 2023. EVs now account for 19% of its funded fleet.Q3 2023 financial resultsThe following comments apply to actual (reported) figures  where:LeasePlan is consolidated from 22 May 2023. Consequently  Q3 2023 includes LeasePlan’s contribution for the full quarter  whereas 9M 2023 includes only slightly more than 4 months of LeasePlan contribution. The Q3 and 9M 2022 periods do not include any contribution from LeasePlan;Pending the finalization of the Purchase Price Allocation exercise  expected by end 2023  no reduction in depreciation costs nor Used Car Sales result was recorded on LeasePlan’s fleet.In a normalizing yet still favourable used car market  Ayvens recorded a mixed Q3 2023 financial performance against a high Q3 2022 base  which was driven by exceptionally high used car prices.Taken together  Leasing contract and Services margins (Total margins) reached EUR 741.0 million in Q3 2023  an increase of 61.6% compared to Q3 2022. Out of this amount  the contribution of LeasePlan since the acquisition closing was EUR 283.5 million (EUR 349.7 million excluding non-operating items).Leasing contract margin was boosted by the reduction in depreciation costs22 (EUR +110.4 million vs. EUR +67.2 million in Q3 2022). As a result of continued high estimated used car prices  depreciation has been adjusted or stopped for those vehicles whose sales proceeds are forecast to be in excess of their net book value until mid-2024. The reduction in depreciation costs equals the difference between the contractual amortization costs and the revised amortization cost. It anticipates in the Leasing contract margin part of Used car sales results which would otherwise be recorded later. No reduction in depreciation cost was assumed on LeasePlan’s fleet since it was acquired  due to the anticipation of fair value recognition in the context of the Purchase Price Allocation exercise.Leasing contract margin was negatively impacted by the mark to market (MtM) of derivatives for EUR - 81.8 million23 in Q3 2023 at LeasePlan  mainly due to the decrease in GBP interest rates and to pull to par in a context of stable EUR interest rates between Q2 and Q3 2023. MtM of derivatives was EUR +3.5 million in Q3 2022. Ayvens holds a book of derivatives  initially from LeasePlan  whose purpose is to hedge the interest and foreign exchange rates exposure  when the profile of funding cannot be matched with that of the lease contract portfolio. While the Group is economically hedged  there can be accounting mismatches as operating leases do not qualify for hedge accounting under IFRS rules and hence are fair valued through income statement. MtM of derivatives results from interest rate movements (e.g. as net receiver of floating rate  positive MtM when interest rates rise) and reverses towards the derivative’s maturity (pull to par).Other non-operating items impacting Leasing contract margin totalled EUR -56.5 million (vs. EUR +41.3 million in Q3 2022):Fleet revaluation exercise of EUR +3.3 million vs. EUR +19.0 million in Q3 2022;Hyperinflation in Turkey EUR +45.9 million vs. EUR +17.0 million in Q3 2022;There was no adjustment to the provision in Ukraine in Q3 2023 (vs. a EUR +1.8 million provision reversal in Q3 2022).The contribution from Used car sales (UCS) result  registered on ALD’s fleet only  remained at a high level in Q3 2023 at EUR 73.9 million  but was significantly lower than the high Q3 2022 level (EUR 191.0 million).The decrease is explained by: i) a negative impact of change in depreciation curve of EUR -93.9 million  as the positive impact of reduction in depreciation costs on Leasing contract margin in previous quarters anticipated some UCS profits and ii) a used car market which is normalizing  while staying at a high level. Conversely  contract extensions in a context of delays in car deliveries had a beneficial impact on UCS results.There has been no profit recorded on LeasePlan’s Used car sales in Q3 nor 9M 2023 income statements  due to the upcoming fair value recognition under the PPA.UCS result per unit24 on ALD’s sales came in at EUR 1 033 per unit in Q3 2023 vs. EUR 3 014 per unit in Q3 2022. Had ALD not recorded any reduction in depreciation costs to reflect exceptionally high used car prices in previous quarters  UCS result per unit would have stood at EUR 2 346 in Q3 2023 (EUR 3 607 in Q3 2022). In 9M 2023  UCS result per unit amounted to EUR 1 654 per unit (EUR 2 695 without the impact of reduction in depreciation cost) vs. EUR 3 149 in 9M 2022 (EUR 3 339 without the impact of reduction in depreciation cost).Leveraging on its efficient remarketing platform  ALD sold 71.5 thousand units25 in Q3 2023 (not including 58k vehicles sold by LeasePlan in Q3 2023)  up from 63.4 thousand in Q3 2022. The volume increase compared to the same period last year is mainly driven by improved dynamics in new car deliveries.Consequently  Ayvens’ Gross Operating Income (GOI) reached EUR 814.9 million in Q3 2023  up 25.4% vs. Q3 2022.Operating expenses amounted to EUR 448.7 million in Q3 2023  up from EUR 219.4 million in the same period last year  underpinned by:Entry of LeasePlan in the consolidation scope on 22 May 2023 for EUR 230.5 million excluding costs to achieve (CTA);CTA of EUR 40 million vs. EUR 42.6 million in Q3 2022 (EUR125.0 million in 9M 2023 vs. EUR 83.9 million in 9M 2022);Recruitment to cover the integration period and;Costs related to the regulated status of Ayvens.As a result  the Cost/Income ratio (excl. UCS result) stood at 60.6% in Q3 2023 vs. 47.9% in Q3 2022 (54.1% in 9M 2023  vs. 49.0% in 9M 2022).Impairment charges on receivables came in at EUR 21.8 million in Q3 2023  compared to EUR 13.5 million in Q3 2022. The cost of risk26 remained low at 18 bps compared to 23 bps in Q3 2022.Income tax expense increased to EUR 120.3 million  up from EUR 98.3 million in Q3 2022. Effective tax rate increased to 35.0% (28.7% in 9M 2023) from 23.6% in Q3 2022  mainly the result of higher tax rate in Turkey applied to deferred tax liabilities  a one-off impact.Result from discontinued operations amounted to EUR 14.0 million in Q3 2023 and is related to the sale of ALD’s entities in Portugal  Ireland and Norway on 1 August 2023. In 9M 2023  result from discontinued operations amounted to EUR -77.4 million  mainly driven by the EUR -91.3 million loss from the disposal of ALD Russia on 20 April 2023.Ayvens’ net income (Group share) was EUR 226.2 million in Q3 2023  down 28.9% compared to Q3 2022 (EUR 318.0 million). In 9M 2023  the net income (Group share) came in at EUR 787.6  down by 15.4% from the historical high of EUR 930.7 million in 9M 2022.Basic Earnings per share27 amounted to EUR 1.13 in 9M 2023 vs. EUR 2.1128 in 9M 2022  while diluted Earnings per share was EUR 1.11 vs. EUR 2.10 in 9M 2022. The computation is distorted by the fact that the rights issue which financed the cash component of the LeasePlan acquisition price was settled in December 2022  prior to the consolidation of LeasePlan from 22 May 2023.Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) came in at 12.5% in Q3 2023 vs. exceptionally high 30.7% in Q3 2022 which was lifted by exceedingly favourable used car prices. ROTE was 16.7% in 9M 2023 vs. 31.3% in 9M 2022. These ratios are also distorted by the aforementioned timing difference.Q3 2023 like-for-like performanceFor illustration purposes  management information is provided in appendix to assess the like-for-like performance of Ayvens:Q3 and 9M 2023 with LeasePlan included over the full period (whereas LeasePlan was consolidated from 22 May 2023 only)  including LeasePlan’s reduction in depreciation costs in Leasing contract margin (whereas it is stripped out in the reported Q3 and 9M 2023 income statements  pending the finalization of the Purchase Price Allocation exercise);Q3 and 9M 2022 with LeasePlan included over the full period (whereas LeasePlan was consolidated from 22 May 2023 only and hence not consolidated in the reported Q3 and 9M 2022 figures).This like-for-like information excludes: i) ALD’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland  Norway (except NF Fleet)  LeasePlan’s subsidiaries in the USA  Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg and ii) any PPA-related adjustment (e.g. intangible assets relating to customer relationships) and should not be considered as representative of the results which the combined Group would have achieved  nor of future results. Actual results may differ significantly from those reflected in this illustrative information for several reasons  including  but not limited to  differences in actual conditions compared to the assumptions used to prepare this illustrative information.Total margins (Leasing contract margin and services margin) excl. reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items would have been EUR 687.1 million in Q3 2023  stable on a like-for-like basis vs. Q3 2022 (EUR 691.4 million).Pressure on margins expressed as a %29 was observed in Q3 2023  due to: i) the impact of inflation on Services margin  as inflation could not be fully transferred to customers and; ii) contract extensions in a context of delayed car deliveries. The negative impact on margins is expected to reverse as: i) new car deliveries will normalize  hence a lower impact from inflation and; ii) Ayvens is restricting contract extensions.Used car sales profit before the impact of reduction in depreciation costs in previous quarters would have been down by 17.3% from Q3 2022  at EUR 324.1 million.Gross operating income excluding non-recuring items and the impact on Used car sales result of reduction in depreciation costs booked in previous quarters would have been down by 6.7% vs Q3 2022  at EUR 1 011.2 million.Operating expenses excl. non-recurring items would have amounted to EUR 419.8 million in Q3 2023 and would have increased by 6.5% vs. Q3 2022 on a like-for-like basis  under the effect of recruitments to cover the transition phase.The Cost/Income ratio would have reached 61.1% in Q3 2023  vs. 57.0% in Q3 2022  excl. UCS result  reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items.Balance sheet and regulatory capitalTotal balance sheet30 decreased from EUR 68.3 billion as at 30 June 2023 to EUR 67.5 billion as at 30 September 2023  mainly due to the disposal of entities previously classified as held for sale.Earning assets continued to grow strongly  reaching EUR 50.2 billion as at 30 September 2023  vs. EUR 48.6bn as at 30 June 2023  underpinned by the acceleration in Q3 2023 of the penetration of EVs which have a higher value.Ayvens’ risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 56.0 billion as at 30 September 2023 under CRR2/CRD5 rules  with credit risk-weighted assets accounting for 86% of the total. The increase compared to 30 June 2023 is mainly explained by the flooring to standard of some LeasePlan exposures (EUR +4.2 billion) and organic growth (earning assets growth and reduction in order book: EUR +0.5 billion)  partially compensated by a number of optimization initiatives (EUR -1.3 billion in total) and the disposal of remedies entities (EUR -1.2 billion).Ayvens had a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.3% and Total Capital ratio of 16.3% as at 30 September 2023 (vs. 12.5% and 16.6% respectively as at 30 June 2023).Financial debt31 stood at EUR 34.9 billion at the end of September 2023  not including EUR 2.0 billion bonds issued end of September 2023 which settled on 6 October 2023  while deposits reached EUR 11.5 billion (vs. EUR 35.6 billion and EUR 11.4 billion respectively at the end of June 2023).As part of its active liquidity management strategy  Ayvens continued to diversify its funding by issuing a total EUR 2.0 billion senior preferred bonds in September  its largest issuance ever. The funding raised  EUR 1.0 billion 2-year tranche and EUR 1.0 billion 5-year tranche  brings bonds issued to-date to total EUR 3.85 billion  and confirms the market’s strong appetite for Ayvens debt instruments despite challenging market conditions.The combined entity has access to ample short-term liquidity  with cash holdings at Central bank reaching EUR 4.0 billion and an undrawn committed Revolving Credit Facility of EUR 1.375 billion in place.Conference call for investors and analystsDate: 3 November  at 10.00 am Paris time –9.00 am London timeSpeakers: Tim Albertsen  CEO and Patrick Sommelet  Deputy CEO and CFOConnection details:Webcast: Click https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/iydyuurdConference call: FR: +33 1 70 91 87 04 UK: +44 121 281 8004 US: +1 718 705 8796 Access code: 457698Agenda8 February 2024: Q4 and FY 2023 resultsQ4 and FY 2023 results 3 May 2024: Q1 2024 resultsAbout AyvensPress Contact Stephanie JonvilleChief Communications OfficerTel: +33 (0)6 46 14 81 90stephanie.jonville@ayvens.comAyvens is the leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals.With 15 700 employees across 44 countries  3.4 millionvehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet we’re leveraging our unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. (The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens’ majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comThe information contained in this document (the “Information”) has been prepared by ALD (the “Company”) solely for informational purposes. The Information is proprietary to the Company. This presentation and its content may not be reproduced or distributed or published  directly or indirectly  in whole or in part  to any other person for any purpose without the prior written permission of the Company.“Ayvens” refers to the Company and its consolidated entities.The Information is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument or to participate in any trading strategy  and does not constitute a recommendation of  or advice regarding investment in  any security or an offer to provide  or solicitation with respect to  any securities-related services of the Company. This presentation is information given in a summary form and does not purport to be complete. It is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors and does not take into account the investment objectives  financial situation or needs of any particular investor. Investors should consult the relevant offering documentation  with or without professional advice when deciding whether an investment is appropriate.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Company. These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union. These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Company may be unable to:anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although the Company believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in the Company’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of the Company’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  opinion  projection  forecast or estimate set forth herein. More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect the Company’s financial results can be found in the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Company when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. To the maximum extent permitted by law  none of the Company or any of its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees shall bear any liability (in negligence or otherwise) for any direct or indirect loss or damage which may be suffered by any recipient through use or reliance on anything contained in or omitted from this document and the related presentation or any other information or material arising from any use of these presentation materials or their contents or otherwise arising in connection with these materials.The financial information presented for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2023 was reviewed by the Board of Directors on 2 November 2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at this date.By receiving this document and/or attending the presentation  you will be deemed to have represented  warranted and undertaken to have read and understood the above notice and to comply with its contents.AppendixConsolidated income statementin EUR million Q3 2023 Q3 202232 Q Var. 9M 2023 9M 2022 9M Var. Leasing contract revenues 2 418.8 1 206.5 100.5% 5 433.9 3 572.1 52.1% Leasing Contract Costs - Depreciation (1 712.4) (880.2) 94.6% (3 752.6) (2 707.3) 38.6% Leasing Contract Costs - Financing (341.8) (64.3) 431.5% (607.4) (160.0) 279.9% Unrealised Gains/Losses on Financial xxInstruments (38.4) 11.4 na 20.7 48.2 -57.1% Leasing Contract Margin 326.2 273.4 19.3% 1 094.6 753.0 45.3% Services Revenues 1 312.2 658.9 99.2% 3 014.8 1 867.3 61.5% Cost of Services Revenues (897.4) (473.7) 89.4% (2 113.5) (1 349.5) 56.6% Services Margin 414.8 185.1 124.0% 901.9 517.8 74.3% Leasing Contract and Services Margins 741.0 458.6 61.6% 1 996.5 1 270.8 57.1% Proceeds of Cars Sold 1 828.5 986.6 85.3% 4 354.5 2 989.8 45.6% Cost of Cars Sold (1 754.6) (795.5) 120.6% (3 995.2) (2 366.0) 68.9% Used Car Sales result 73.9 191.0 -61.3% 359.3 623.7 -42.4% Gross Operating Income 814.9 649.6 25.4% 2 355.7 1 894.5 24.3% Staff Expenses (272.4) (126.3) 115.7% (634.3) (370.4) 71.3% General and Administrative Expenses (133.0) (77.1) 72.5% (354.0) (206.0) 71.9% Depreciation and Amortisation (43.3) (16.0) 170.6% (92.5) (46.7) 97.9% Total Operating Expenses (448.7) (219.4) 104.5% (1 080.8) (623.1) 73.5% Cost/Income ratio (excl UCS) 60.6% 47.9% 54.1% 49.0% Impairment Charges on Receivables (21.8) (13.5) 62.1% (46.3) (32.4) 43.0% Other income (4.0) 0.0 na 4.6 0.0 na Non-Recurring Income (Expenses) 0.1 (0.0) na 0.1 (0.0) na Operating Result 340.4 416.7 -18.3% 1 233.3 1 239.0 -0.5% Share of Profit of Associates and Jointly xxControlled Entities 3.3 0.3 953.2% 4.8 1.4 246.7% Profit Before Tax 343.7 417.1 -17.6% 1 238.1 1 240.4 -0.2% Income Tax Expense (120.3) (98.3) 22.5% (355.7) (307.2) 15.8% Result from discontinued operations 14.0 0.0 na (77.4) 0.0 na Profit for the Period 237.3 318.8 -25.6% 805.0 933.3 -13.7% Non-Controlling Interests 11.2 0.8 1239.2% 17.5 2.5 585.5% Net income group share 226.2 318.0 -28.9% 787.6 930.7 -16.2%Details of operating income components in reported P&LQ3 2022(1) Q3 2023 9M 2022(1) 9M 2023 In EUR million ALD Ayvens ALD Ayvens Leasing contract margin o/w Reduction in depreciation costs 67.2 110.4 130.0 425.7 o/w Non-operating items 41.3 (56.5) 89.3 37.4 Fleet revaluation 19.0 3.3 59.6 20.4 Hyperinflation in Turkey 17.0 45.9 56.5 65.7 Provision in Ukraine 1.8 - (25.0) - MtM of derivatives(2) 3.5 (81.8) (1.8) (48.7) Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations - (23.9) - - o/w Tier 2 cost - (26.5) - (37.8) Operating expenses o/w Cost to achieve (42.6) (40.0) (83.9) (125.0) o/w Transaction and rebranding costs - (4.3) - (14.8) o/w Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations - 15.4 - -Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023 Including EUR -16.6m correction related to Q2 2023 on LeasePlan contributionBalance sheet as at 30 September 2023In EUR million 30 September 2023 30 June2023 31 December 2022(1) Earning assets 50 221 48 633 23 943 o/w Rental fleet 47 991 46 409 23 227 o/w Financial lease receivables 2 230 2 224 716 Cash & Cash deposits with the ECB 4 565 5 546 253 Intangibles (incl. goodwill) 2 991 2 925 745 Operating lease and other receivables 6 830 6 309 3 514 Other 2 879 2 733 1 762 Assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 3 2 117 1 085 Total assets 67 489 68 264 31 302 Group shareholders' equity 10 841 10 585 6 876 o/w Group shareholders’ equity excl. AT1 10 091 9  835 6 876 Tangible shareholders’ equity 7 100 6 928 6 146 o/w AT1(2) 750 750 0 Non-controlling interests 545 536 37 o/w non-controlling interests excl. AT1 37 38 37 o/w non-controlling interests - AT1(3) 507 498 0 Total equity 11 386 11 121 6 912 Deposits 11 466 11 448 0 Financial debt(4) 34 922 35 626 19 874 Trade and other payables 6 283 6 020 2 929 Other liabilities 3 430 3 384 1 360 Liabilities of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 1 665 227 Total liabilities and equity 67 489 68 264 31 302 Restated for initial application of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” to insurance subsidiaries from 1 January 2023 AT1 issued by ALD and subscribed by parent Societe Generale AT1 issued by LeasePlan and subscribed by external parties Excludes EUR 2bn bond issued end of September 2023 which settled on 6 October 2023Earnings per share (EPS)Basic EPS 9M 2023 9M 2022 Existing shares 816 960 428 404 103 640 Shares allocated to cover stock options and shares awarded to staff -1 114 336 -1 045 448 Treasury shares in liquidity contracts -146 298 -106 258 End of period number of shares 815 699 794 402 951 934 Weighted average number of shares used for EPS calculation (A) 676 183 905(1) 441 858 650(2) in EUR million Net income group share 787.6 930.7 Deduction of interest on AT1 capital -26.5 0.0 Net Income group share after deduction of interest on AT1 capital (B) 761.0 930.7 . Basic EPS (in EUR) (B/A) 1.13 2.11 Diluted EPS 9M 2023 9M 2022 Existing shares 816 960 428 404 103 640 Shares issued for no consideration(3) 19 048 759 0 End of period number of shares 836 009 187 404 103 640 Weighted average number of shares used for EPS calculation (A’) 685 862 470(1) 442 935 017(2) Diluted EPS (in EUR) (B/A’) 1.11 2.10Average number of shares weighted by time apportionment Adjusted for the rights issue in December 2022 Assuming exercise of warrants  as per IAS 33ROTEin EUR million Q3 2023 Q3 2022 9M 2023 9M 2022 Group shareholders' equity 10 841.3 5 457.1 10 841.3 5 457.1 AT1 capital (750.0) 0.0 (750.0) 0.0 Dividend provision and interest on AT1 capital (399.2) (464.5) (399.2) (465.4) OCI excluding conversion reserves (8.5) (40.1) (8.5) (40.1) Equity base for ROE calculation end of period 9 683.5 4 951.7 9 683.5 4 951.7 Goodwill 2 392.4 631.1 2 392.4 631.1 Intangible assets 598.5 106.7 598.5 106.7 Average equity base for ROE calculation 9 591.4 4 877.2 7 962.4 4 666.5 Average Goodwill 2 377.6 631.1 1 505.5 603.6 Average Intangible assets 580.5 103.4 362.5 97.7 Average tangible equity for ROTE calculation 6 633.3 4 142.7 6 094.4 3 965.2 Group net income after non controlling interests 226.2 318.0 787.6 930.7 Interest on AT1 capital (18.7) 0.0 (26.5) 0.0 Adjusted Group net income 207.5 318.0 761.0 930.7 ROTE 12.5% 30.7% 16.7% 31.3% The dividend provision assumes a payout ratio of 50% of net Income group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capitalCRR2/CRD5 prudential capital ratios and Risk Weighted Assetsin EUR million 30 September 2023 30 June 2023 Shareholders equity Group Share 10 841 10 585 AT1 capital (750) (750) Dividend provision & interest on AT1 capital(1) (399) (280) Goodwill and intangible (2 991) (2 675) Deductions and regulatory adjustments (196) (97) Common Equity Tier 1 capital 6 897 6 783 AT1 capital 750 750 Tier 1 capital 7 648 7 533 Tier 2 capital 1 500 1500 Total capital (Tier 1 + Tier 2) 9 148 9 033 Risk-Weighted Assets 56 002 54 293 Credit Risk Weighted Assets 48 097 46 039 Market Risk Weighted Assets 2 362 2 558 Operational Risk Weighted Assets 5 543 5 696 Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 12 3% 12.5% Tier 1 ratio 13 7% 13.9% Total Capital ratio 16 3% 16.6% The dividend provision assumes a payout ratio of 50% of Net Income group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capitalTangible book value per sharein EUR million 30 September 2023 30 June 2023 Group shareholders' equity 10 841 10 585 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (750) (750) Interest of deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (1) (19) (0) Book value of treasury shares 18 18 Net Asset Value (NAV) 10 091 9 853 Goodwill (2 392) (2 363) Intangible assets (598) (562) Net Tangible Asset Value (NTAV) 7 100 6 928 Number of shares (1) 815 699 794 815 705 590 NAV per share 12.37 12.08 NTAV per share 8.70 8.49The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybackLike-for-like performanceManagement information. For illustration purposes  this section provides a like-for-like illustrative view of:-Q3 2023 and 9M 2023 income statements  including LeasePlan’s impact of reduction in depreciation costs and UCS results (whereas both are excluded in the reported Q3 2023 and 9M 2023 income statements  pending the finalization of the Purchase Price Allocation exercise)- Q3 2022 and 9M 2022 income statements  including LeasePlan (whereas the acquisition closed on 22 May 2023  hence LeasePlan was actually not consolidated in Q3 2022 and 9M 2022). These Q3 2022 and 9M 2022 income statements exclude any synergy  regulatory and funding cost linked to the regulated status.These income statements exclude: i) ALD’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland  Norway except NF Fleet  LeasePlan’s subsidiaries in the USA  Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg and ii) any PPA-related adjustment (e.g. intangible assets relating to customer relationships).These illustrative Q3 2022  Q3 2023  9M 2022 and 9M 2023 income statements should not be considered as representative of the results which the combined Group would have achieved  nor of future results. Actual results may differ significantly from those reflected in these illustrative income statements for several reasons  including  but not limited to  differences in actual conditions compared to the assumptions used to prepare these illustrative income statements.Like-for-like marginsQ3 2022 Q3 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins(1) (a) 438.4 661.3 1 099.7 457.5 400.5 858.0 19.1 -260.8 -241.7 4.4% -39.4% -22.0% Reduction in depreciation costs 67.2 192.7 259.9 110.4 117.0 227.4 43.2 -75.7 -32.5 Fleet revaluation 19.0 0.0 19.0 3.3 0.0 3.3 -15.7 0.0 -15.7 Hyperinflation in Turkey 17.0 13.0 30.0 30.2 15.6 45.9 13.3 2.6 15.9 Ukraine provision 1.8 0.0 1.8 0.0 0.0 0.0 -1.8 0.0 -1.8 MtM of derivatives 3.5 94.0 97.5 0.0 -81.8 -81.8 -3.4 -175.8 -179.3 Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations 0.0 0.0 0.0 -23.9 0.0 -23.9 -23.9 0.0 -23.9 Leasing contract and services margins (excluding reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items) 329.8 361.6 691.4 337.4 349.7 687.1 7.6 -11.9 -4.3 2.3% -3.3% -0.6% Consolidation adjustment (b) 0.0 -192.7 -192.7 0.0 -117.0 -117.0 n.a 75.7 75.7 Leasing contract and services margins after consolidation adjustment (a) + (b) 438.4 468.6 907.0 457.5 283.5 741.0 19.1 -185.1 -166.0in EUR million9M 20229M 2023var.var. %Leasing contract and services margins(1) (a) 2 804.2 3 084.1 279.9 10.0% Reduction in depreciation costs 322.7 904.1 581.4 Fleet revaluation 59.6 20.4 -39.2 Hyperinflation in Turkey 115.3 86.8 -28.5 Ukraine provision -25.0 0.0 25.0 MtM of derivatives 259.2 -70.1 -329.3 Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations 0.0 0.0 0.0 Leasing contract and services margins (excluding reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items) 2 072.4 2 143.0 70.6 3.4% Consolidation adjustment (b) -192.7 -478.4 -285.7 Leasing contract and services margins after consolidation adjustment (a) + (b) 2 611.5 2 605.8 -5.7Like-for-like operating incomeQ3 2022 Q3 2023 Variation Variation % ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins(1) (a) 438.4 661.3 1 099.7 457.5 400.5 858.0 19.1 -260.8 -241.7 4.4% -39.4% -22.0% Reduction in depreciation costs 67.2 192.7 259.9 110.4 117.0 227.4 43.2 -75.7 -32.5 Non-operating items 41.3 107.0 148.3 9.7 -66.2 -56.5 -31.6 -173.2 -204.8 Leasing contract and services margins excluding non-recurring items (b) 329.8 361.6 691.4 337.4 349.7 687.1 7.6 -11.9 -4.3 2.3% -3.3% -0.6% Consolidation adjustment (c) 0.0 -192.7 -192.7 0.0 -117.0 -117.0 n.a 75.7 75.7 Leasing contract and services margins after consolidation adjustment (d) = (a) + (c) 438.4 468.6 907.0 457.5 283.5 741.0 19.1 -185.1 -166.0 Used car sales result before the impact of reduction in depreciation costs (e) 207.0 184.8 391.8 167.8 156.3 324.1 -39.2 -28.5 -67.7 -18.9% -15.4% -17.3% Impact of reduction in depreciation costs (f) -37.6 0.0 -37.6 -93.9 -123.0 -216.9 -56.3 -123.0 -179.3 Consolidation adjustment (g) 0.0 -184.8 -184.8 0.0 -33.3 -33.3 0.0 151.5 151.5 Used car sales result after consolidation adjustment (h) = (e) + (f) + (g) 169.4 0.0 169.4 73.9 0.0 73.9 -95.5 0.0 -95.5 -56.4% n.a -56.4% Gross operating income(1) (a) + (e) 607.8 846.1 1 453.9 531.4 433.8 965.2 -76.4 -412.4 -488.7 -12.6% -48.7% -33.6% Gross operating income excluding non-recurring items (b) + (e) 536.8 546.4 1 083.2 505.2 506.0 1 011.2 -31.6 -40.5 -72.0 -5.9% -7.4% -6.7% Total consolidation adjustment (c) + (f) 0.0 -377.5 -377.5 0.0 -150.3 -150.3 0.0 227.2 227.2 Gross operating income after consolidation adjustment (d) + (h) 607.8 468.6 1 076.4 531.4 283.5 814.9 -76.4 -185.1 -261.5in EUR million 9M 2022 9M 2023 Var. Var. % Leasing contract and services margins(1) (a) 2 804.2 3 084.1 279.9 10.0% Reduction in depreciation costs 322.7 904.1 581.4 Non-operating items 409.1 37.1 -372.0 Leasing contract and services margins excluding non-recurring items (b) 2 072.4 2 143.0 70.6 3.4% Consolidation adjustment (c) -192.7 -478.4 -285.7 Leasing contract and services margins after consolidation adjustment (d) = (a) + (c) 2 611.5 2 605.8 -5.7 Used car sales before reduction in depreciation costs (e) 1 157.0 1 099.8 -57.1 -4.9% Impact of Reduction in depreciation costs (f) -37.6 -602.5 -564.9 1502.7% Consolidation adjustment (g) -539.0 -138.1 400.9 Used car sales result after consolidation adjustment (h) = (e) + (f) + (g) 580.4 359.3 -221.1 -38.1% Gross operating income(1) (a) + (e) 3 923.6 3 581.5 -342.1 -8.7% Gross operating income excluding non-recurring items (b) + (e) 3 229.4 3 242.8 13.4 0.4% Total consolidation adjustment (c) + (f) -731.7 -616.4 Gross operating income after consolidation adjustment (d) + (h) 3 191.9 2 965.1 -226.8Like-for-like operating expensesQ3 2022 Q3 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Total operating expenses -211.5 -245.9 -457.4 -207.2 -241.5 -448.7 4.2 4.4 8.6 -2.0% -1.8% -1.9% Cost to achieve -42.6 0.0 -42.6 -29.0 -11.0 -40.0 13.6 -11.0 2.6 Consultancy costs 0.0 -20.5 -20.5 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 20.5 20.5 Transaction and rebranding costs 0.0 0.0 0.0 -4.3 0.0 -4.3 -4.3 0.0 -4.3 Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations 0.0 0.0 0.0 15.4 0.0 15.4 15.4 0.0 15.4 Total non-recurring items -42.6 -20.5 -63.1 -17.9 -11.0 -28.9 24.7 9.5 34.2 Total operating expenses excluding non-recurring items -168.9 -225.4 -394.3 -189.4 -230.5 -419.8 -20.5 -5.1 -25.6 12.1% 2.3% 6.5% Cost / Income ratio excluding non-recurring items 51.2% 62.3% 57.0% 56.1% 65.9% 61.1% +4.9 pts +3.6 pts +4.1 pts9M 20229M 2023var.var. %in EUR million Total operating expenses -1 294.6 -1 476.5 -182.0 14.1% Cost to achieve -83.9 -125.0 -41.1 Consultancy costs -46.8 0.0 46.8 Transaction and rebranding costs 0.0 -14.8 -14.8 Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations 0.0 0.0 0.0 Total non-recurring items -130.7 -139.8 Total operating expenses excluding non-recurring items -1 163.9 -1 336.8 -172.9 14.9% Cost / Income ratio excluding non-recurring items 56.2% 62.4% +6.2 ptsDetails of operating income components in like for like P&LAyvens In EUR million Q3 2022 Q3 2023 9M 2022 9M 2023 Leasing contract margin o/w Reduction in depreciation costs 259.9 227.4 322.7 904.1 o/w Non-operating items 148.3 (56.5) 409.1 37.1 Fleet revaluation 19.0 3.3 59.6 20.4 Hyperinflation in Turkey 30.0 45.9 115.3 86.8 Provision in Ukraine 1.8 - (25.0) - MtM of derivatives 97.5 (81.8) 259.2 (70.1) Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations - (23.9) - - o/w Tier 2 cost - (26.5) - (37.8) Operating expenses o/w Cost to achieve (42.6) (40.0) (83.9) (125.0) o/w Consultancy costs (20.5) - (46.8) - o/w Transaction and rebranding costs - (4.3) - (14.8) o/w Reversal on entities transferred to discontinued operations - 15.4 - -Including EUR -16.6m correction related to Q2 20231 “Ayvens” refers to ALD and its consolidated entities2 Before impact of Purchase Price Allocation (PPA)  as per IFRS 3 “Business combinations”  expected to be finalized by end 20233 Net carrying amount of the rental fleet plus net receivables on finance leases4 Including LeasePlan and excluding ALD’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland  Norway except NF Fleet  LeasePlan’s subsidiaries in the USA  Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg5 Electric Vehicles: Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs)  Plug in Hybrids (PHEVs)  Fuel Cell (FCEV)6 Same scope4  excluding reduction in depreciation costs on LeasePlan’s fleet and non-operating items7 Management information  on ALD’s sales. No profit assumed on LeasePlan’s sales pending finalization of PPA8 Without the impact of reduction in depreciation costs in prior quarters: EUR 2 346 in Q3 2023 vs. EUR 3 607 in Q3 20229 Before deduction of interest on AT1 capital10 Full service leasing and fleet management11 On a like-for-like basis12 Excluding reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items  before consolidation adjustments13 Annualized impairment charges on receivables as a % of arithmetic Average Earning Assets14 On a like-for-like basis15 Assumption due to fair value recognition in the Price Purchase Allocation as per IFRS 3 “Business combinations”16 Costs to achieve (CTA)17 On a like-for-like basis18 Management information  in EU+: European Union  UK  Norway  Switzerland19 Source: ACEA20 Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs)21 Plug-in Hybrids (PHEVs)22 Reduction in depreciation costs compared to the contractual costs in relation to vehicles whose sales proceeds are forecast to be in excess of their net book value and for which depreciation has been adjusted or stopped23 Of which EUR -16.6m correction related to Q2 202324 Management information25 Management information26 Cost of risk expressed as a percentage of arithmetic average of earning assets27 After deduction of interest on AT1 capital (EUR 26.5 million) and using the average number of shares weighted by time apportionment28 Adjusted for rights issue in 202229 Excluding reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items  as a percentage of average earning assets30 Before impact of Purchase Price Allocation  expected to be finalized by end 202331 Not including AT1 capital32 Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.14,0.24,True,English,"['nine months 2023 results', 'third quarter', 'Ayvens', 'VEHICLE VALUE LARGEST GLOBAL MULTI-BRAND EV 5 FLEET', 'Purchase Price Allocation exercise', 'favourable used car markets', 'Used Car Sales result', 'EXCEEDINGLY HIGH Q3 2022 BASE', 'global mobility brand', 'QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'first procurement objectives', 'new brand promise', 'challenging macroeconomic conditions', 'mixed financial results', 'new car registrations', 'high interest rates', 'two important steps', 'solid commercial performance', 'strong capital position', 'PowerUP 2026 strategic plan', 'UCS PROFITS CET', 'Gross operating income', 'EXCLUDING UCS RESULT', 'Good business growth', 'Q3 2023 results highlights', 'Q3 2023 Group results', 'Ayvens’ business model', 'Ayvens’ total fleet', 'EV penetration', 'high 2022 base', 'car prices', 'high level', 'higher value', 'fleet growth', 'GROUP SHARE', 'Operating expenses', 'two companies', 'Commercial activity', 'NET INCOME', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'third quarter', 'LEASING CONTRACT', 'MARK TO', 'HEDGING INSTRUMENTS', 'recurring items', 'low level', 'remedies entities', 'Tim Albertsen', 'key initiatives', 'industry leadership', 'operational efficiency', 'single identity', 'funding capabilities', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'current context', 'last year', 'pre-Covid levels', 'previous quarters', 'positive trends', 'end December', 'INCOME RATIO', 'strong increase', '10 3.394 million contracts', '2.691 million vehicles', 'DEPRECIATION COSTS', 'mobility services', 'nine months', 'EARNING ASSETS', 'dynamic demand', 'END SEPTEMBER', 'negative impact', 'EXPECTATIONS COST', 'LIKE BASIS', '2 MILLION', '30 SEPTEMBER', 'Ayvens1', '2023 results2', 'UNDERPINNED', 'THE', '505 THOUSAND', 'UNIT', 'REDUCTION', 'VS.', 'LINE', 'VOLATILITY', 'DECREASE', 'DOWN', 'EUR', 'non', 'risk', 'operations', 'disposal', 'ALD', '3 November', 'CEO', 'integration', 'LeasePlan', 'number', 'parallel', 'future', 'excellence', '4 priorities', 'clients', 'responsibility', 'profitability', 'backdrop', 'normalizing', 'relevance', 'synergies', 'commitment', 'teams', 'inflation', 'full-year', 'average', 'year17', 'acceleration', '12.']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,marketscreener.com
32271,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/03/2772961/0/en/Societe-Generale-Third-quarter-2023-earnings.html,Societe Generale: Third quarter 2023 earnings,RESULTS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2023        Press releaseParis  3 November 2023    The results are for the first time published and commented under the......,RESULTS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2023Press releaseParis  3 November 2023The results are for the first time published and commented under the reported view  as announced during the Capital Markets DayQUARTERLY RESULTSQuarterly revenues of EUR 6.2 billion  down by -6.2% vs. Q3 22  mainly as a result of the peak of the impact of short-term hedges on the net interest income reached in Q3 23 in French retailCost-to-income ratio at 70.4% in Q3 23  with operating expenses increasing by less than +1% vs. Q3 22  at constant perimeterLow cost of risk at 21 basis points in Q3 23  now on expected to be below 20 basis points for FY 2023Exceptional net income impact of EUR -610m1 due to the goodwill impairment of the African  Mediterranean basin and Overseas activities and Equipment Finance activities for a total amount of around EUR -340 million  and also  the booking of a provision for Deferred Tax Assets for a total of around EUR -270 millionGroup net income of EUR 295 million (EUR 905 million excluding exceptional items1)Reported ROTE at 3.8% (6.0% excluding exceptional items1)9M 23 RESULTSRevenues of EUR 19.1 billionCost-to-income ratio at 72.4%2  68.9% excluding contribution to the Single Resolution FundCost of risk at 15 basis pointsGroup net income of EUR 2.1 billion  vs. EUR 755 million in 9M-22Reported ROTE at 5.0%2  vs. 1.0% in 9M-22BALANCE SHEET AND LIQUIDITY PROFILECET 1 ratio of 13.3%3 at end-Q3 23  around 350 basis points above the regulatory requirementLiquidity Coverage Ratio at 147% at end-Q3 23Stable deposit base vs. Q2 23Provision for distribution of EUR 1.334 per share  at end-September 2023MAJOR MILESTONES ACHIEVEDRecord quarter for client acquisition at BoursoBank  with 412 000 new clientsCreation of the brand Ayvens  following the completion of the LeasePlan acquisition by ALDCompletion of the 2022 share buy-backs for a total of around EUR 440 millionSlawomir Krupa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“This quarter was marked by a good commercial performance in most businesses  limited increase in operating expenses and a low cost of risk. Global Banking and Investor Solutions notably posted stable revenues compared to a high level last year  and International Retail Banking maintained a solid performance. The Group’s net result was penalized by the negative effect of short-term hedges on net interest income in French retail  the impact of which peaked in Q3 23. It also includes  as announced during our Capital Markets Day  exceptional accounting items  with no impact on the capital ratio  or on shareholder distribution. Finally  in line with previous quarters  the balance sheet is very solid with a CET 1 ratio of 13.3%  up 20 basis points  and a robust liquidity profile.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change Net banking income 6 189 6 600 -6.2% -9.2%* 19 147 20 544 -6.8% -7.4%* Operating expenses (4 360) (4 083) +6.8% +2.0%* (13 858) (13 539) +2.4% +0.9%* Gross operating income 1 829 2 517 -27.3% -27.5%* 5 289 7 005 -24.5% -23.7%* Net cost of risk (316) (456) -30.7% -33.1%* (664) (1 234) -46.2% -37.4%* Operating income 1 513 2 061 -26.6% -26.2%* 4 625 5 771 -19.9% -21.3%* Net profits or losses from other assets 6 4 +50.0% +50.2%* (92) (3 286) +97.2% +97.2%* Impairment losses on goodwill (338) 0 n/s n/s (338) 0 n/s n/s Income tax (624) (369) +69.1% +69.1%* (1 377) (1 029) +33.8% +30.7%* Net income 563 1 700 -66.9% -67.1%* 2 836 1 464 +93.7% +87.4%* O.w. non-controlling interests 268 255 +5.1% +2.5%* 773 709 +9.0% +6.3%* Reported Group net income 295 1 445 -79.6% -79.5%* 2 063 755 x 2.7 x 2.6* ROE 0.9% 9.5% 3.6% 0.9% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 3.8% 10.8% 5.0% 1.0% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 70.4% 61.9% 3.6% 0.9% +0.0% +0.0%*Asterisks* in the document refer to data at constant perimeter and exchange rateSociete Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 2 November 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q3 23 and for the first nine months of 2023.Net banking incomeNet banking income decreased in Q3 23 by -6.2% (-9.2%*) vs. Q3 22 largely due to the decline in the net interest income in French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  and to negative revenue in the Corporate Centre (in particular  impacts from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations and other volatile items).Revenues recorded by French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance decreased by -16.4% vs. Q3 22 owing to the decline in the net interest income which continues to be impacted by short-term hedges that were taken until 2022. Insurance’s revenues climbed by +11% vs. Q3 22.Global Banking & Investor Solutions recorded lower revenues  down by a slight -0.4% in Q3 23 vs. a very good Q3 22  thanks to sustained level of activity. Global Markets & Investor Services posted solid revenues compared with a strong reference point in Q3 22 (-1.7%)  driven by robust commercial activity in equity derivatives and a good performance in fixed income activities. Financing & Advisory activities posted a robust performance  with increased revenues in the asset finance platform. The securitisation and natural resources finance activities also turned in a solid performance. Investment banking activities rebounded during the quarter  particularly in the acquisition finance segment and for primary bond market activities. Global Transaction & Payment Services’ activities continued to grow on back of high interest rates.International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues climbed by +12.0% (-0.8%*) vs. Q3 22  in particular following the integration of LeasePlan by ALD.Corporate Centre recorded revenues of EUR -231m in Q3 23 which included around EUR -63 million euros due to the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations  in addition to impacts from the change in fair value of the swaps used for the replacement of equity stakes in subsidiaries.Over 9M 23  net banking income decreased by -6.8% vs. 9M 22.Operating expensesIn Q3 23  operating expenses came to EUR 4 360 million  up by +6.8% vs. Q3 22.They include around EUR 230 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities in ALD excluding transformation charges  and EUR 145 million in transformation costs. At constant perimeter  operating expenses are increasing by less than +1% vs. Q3 22.Over 9M 23  operating expenses totalled EUR 13 858 million  up by +2.4% vs. 9M 22.They include EUR 339 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities in ALD  excluding transformation charges and EUR 627 million in transformation costs.The cost-to-income ratio came to 72.4% in 9M 23 (68.9% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q3 23 was moderate at 21 basis points  i.e.  EUR 316 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 419 million (28 basis points) and a reversal of provision on performing loans for EUR -103 million (around -7 basis points). The Group now estimates that the cost of risk for FY 2023 will be lower than 20 basis points.At end-September 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 612 million.The non-performing loans ratio amounted to 2.9%5 at 30 September 2023. The gross coverage ratio on stood at 46%6 at 30 September 2023 (80% after taking into account guarantees and collateral).At 30 September 2023  the Group sharply reduced its offshore exposure to Russia to around EUR 1.0 billion of EAD (Exposure at Default) compared with EUR 1.6 billion at 30 June 2023 (-38%). The maximum risk exposure on this portfolio is estimated at around EUR 0.3 billion before provision. Total provisions stands at EUR 0.2 billion. The onshore residual exposure is very limited at around EUR 15 million and relates to the integration of LeasePlan activities in Russia.Group net incomeGroup net income stood at EUR 295 million in Q3 23  i.e.  a Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) of 3.8%.It was negatively impacted by EUR -610m of exceptional items  which include on the one hand  the goodwill impairment of the African  Mediterranean basin and Overseas activities and Equipment Finance activities for a total of around EUR -340 million  and on the other hand  the booking of a provision for Deferred Tax Assets of around EUR -270 million.Group net income for 9M 23 came to EUR 2 063 million  i.e.  a reported ROTE of 5.0%; and of 6.5% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund contribution.ESGAccelerating the decarbonisation of our businesses with new targetsSociété Générale is committed to a process of aligning its financing with trajectories compatible with the objectives of carbon neutrality in 2050  starting with the most CO2-emitting activities  as defined by the Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA).The Group has set new targets  announced for the most at the Capital Markets Day on 18 September 2023:Accelerate the reduction of upstream Oil & Gas exposure  reaching -80% by 2030 vs. 2019  with an intermediary 2025 step of -50% (vs. the previous commitment of -20%); Stop providing 7 financial products and services dedicated to upstream Oil & Gas greenfield projects; Phase-out exposure 8 on upstream Oil & Gas private pure players and reinforce engagement with energy sector clients  particularly on their climate strategy; New target on Oil & Gas financed GHG emissions of -70% by 2030 vs. 2019 9 ;New Automotive sector 10 target of -51% carbon emission intensity by 2030 vs. 2021;target of -51% carbon emission intensity by 2030 vs. 2021; New Steel sector target for an alignment score of 0 by 2030  based on the Sustainable Steel Principles for the 1.5°C scenarios of the IEA 11 and MPP 12 ;and MPP ; New Cement sector target of -20% carbon emission intensity by 2030 vs. 2022.Investing in innovation and developing partnerships to generate more impactLaunch of a EUR 1 billion transition new investment fund. The fund’s objective is to support clients on energy transition  green technologies  nature-based solutions and impact-driven opportunities which support the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals;Create an independent scientific advisory board composed of experts covering climate  nature  social issues and sustainable development that will enrich the Group’s ESG reflections  bringing long-term perspectives and scientific views;Explore new areas of cooperation with the International Finance Corporation (IFC)  a member of the World Bank Group  in sustainable finance projects.Being a responsible employer of choiceThe Group is seeking to further strengthen its commitment to gender diversity  allocating EUR 100 million to reduce the pay gap and targeting more than 35% of women in senior leadership roles by 2026.THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 68.1 billion at 30 September 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 71.6 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 62.1.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 599 billion at 30 September 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 9) stood at EUR 967 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 497 billion vs. EUR 516 billion 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 612 billion  up around 3% vs. 31 December 2022.At 30 September 2023  the parent company had issued EUR 46.5 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 4.9 years and an average spread of 78 basis points (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 3.9 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 50.4 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 147% at end-September 2023 (155% on average in Q3)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. At the same time  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 117% at end-September 2023 vs. 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) were down vs. end of June 2023  at EUR 384.2 billion at 30 September 2023 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk account for 84.4% of the total  i.e.  EUR 324.2 billion  up by 7.8% vs. 31 December 2022.At 30 September 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio(13) stood at 13.3%  or around 350 basis points above the regulatory requirement of 9.76%. The Group’s Common Tier 1 ratio (CET 1) at 30 September 2023 includes an +6 basis-point impact from the phasing of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.2%. At end-September 2023  the Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.9% while the total capital ratio amounted to 18.6%  above the respective regulatory requirements of 11.66% and 14.20%.The leverage ratio stood at 4.2% at 30 September 2023  above the regulatory requirement of 3.5%.With a RWA level of 32.5% and leverage exposure of 8.5% at end-September 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the respective Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023 of 22.1% and 6.75%. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 34.0% of RWA and 8.9% of leverage exposure at end-September 2023  are also far above the respective regulatory requirements of 25.7% and 5.91%.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  positive outlook  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1”  (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1”  (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL BANKING  PRIVATE BANKING AND INSURANCEIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change Net banking income 1 883 2 253 -16.4% 6 070 6 931 -12.4% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 877 2 200 -14.7% 6 070 6 784 -10.5% Operating expenses (1 591) (1 635) -2.7% (5 036) (5 090) -1.1% Gross operating income 292 618 -52.8% 1 034 1 841 -43.8% Net cost of risk (144) (196) -26.5% (342) (264) +29.5% Operating income 148 422 -64.9% 692 1 577 -56.1% Net profits or losses from other assets 0 3 -100.0% 3 6 -50.0% Reported Group net income 110 317 -65.3% 518 1 177 -56.0% RONE 2.8% 7.9% 4.5% 10.1% Cost to income 84.5% 72.6% 83.0% 73.4%(2)SG network  Private Banking and InsuranceAverage loan outstandings contracted by -4% on the Q3 22 level to EUR 204 billion. Loan outstandings to corporate and professional clients excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans rose by +1% vs. Q3 22 and were driven by short-term credits. Home loan outstandings contracted by -5% vs. Q3 22 owing to the Group’s strict lending policy implemented since mid-2022.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits of SG network clients declined by -5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 238 billion (shift from sight deposits to interest-bearing deposits).As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio came to 86% in Q3 23.Private Banking activities cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France. Assets under management totalled EUR 143 billion in Q3 23. Private Banking’s net asset inflows amounted to EUR 0.6 billion at Q3 23. Net banking income for the quarter stood at EUR 367 million  up +5.2% vs. Q3 22 (EUR 1 115 million for 9M 23  up +4.7% vs. 9M 22).Insurance  which covers activities in and outside of France  has been consolidated in the French Retail Banking  Private Banking and Insurance core business as of this quarter.Life insurance outstandings stood at EUR 132 billion at end-September 2023. The unit-linked share accounted for 37% at a high level  and was up 2.7 points vs. the end-September 2022 level. Gross life insurance inflows amounted to EUR 2.6 billion in Q3 23.Protection insurance premiums were by +4% vs. Q3 22  with solid commercial momentum in property and casualty premiums (+9% vs. Q3 22).BoursoBankBoursoBank is riding high on its new ambition  having registered 412 000 new clients  which is a quarterly record  and with a stable profile. Totally  it acquired 838 000 new clients over the first nine months of 2023. The leading online bank in France reached 5.4 million clients at the end of September 2023  with a low churn rate14  which is decreasing and lower than the market’s.Assets under management continue to rise at a consistent pace by vintage.Average loan outstandings dipped by -4.3% on the Q3 22 level to EUR 15 billion. Home loan production gradually picked up over the quarter.Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +20.5% higher vs. Q3 22 at EUR 55 billion. Deposits outstanding rose strongly by +24% vs. Q3 22 on back of robust collection over the quarter (EUR 1.4 million)  notably on interest-bearing products. Life insurance outstandings increased by +9.5% vs. Q3 22  with the unit-linked share accounting for 43%. Net inflows were slightly positive over the quarter.BoursoBank strengthened its day-to-day banking  posting a +25% rise in number of transactions vs. Q3 22 and a record number of credit card operations.Net banking incomeIn Q3 23  revenues totalled EUR 1 877 million  down -15% vs. Q3 22  excluding PEL/CEL. Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL contracted by -27% vs. Q3 22  mainly due to the impact of the short-term hedges on the NII  the higher interest rate on regulated savings schemes  the consequences of the usury rate and the end of the TLTRO programme. Fee income decreased by -2% relative to Q3 22.Over 9M 23  revenues totalled EUR 6 070 million  down by -11% vs. 9M 22  excluding PEL/CEL. The net interest income excluding PEL/CEL was down by -21% vs. 9M 22. Fee income rose slightly by +0.4% relative to 9M 22.Based on latest assumptions consistent with the current economic environment  the forecast of the net interest income of French retail banking  Private Banking and Insurance is expected to decrease by more than 20% in 2023 vs. 2022. In 2024  based on the latest budget assumptions  the NII of the French retail banking  Private Banking and Insurance is expected to be at a level higher or equal to the 2022 amount.Operating expensesIn Q3 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 591 million (-2.7% vs. Q3 22) including EUR 46 million in restructuring costs. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 84.5% for Q3 23.Over 9M 23  operating expenses totalled EUR 5 036 million (-1.1% vs. 9M 22). The cost-to-income ratio stood at 83.0%.Cost of riskIn Q3 23  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 144 million or 24 basis points  which was slightly higher than in Q2 23 (18 basis points).Over 9M 23  the commercial cost of risk totalled EUR 342 million or 18 basis points vs. 14 basis points in 9M 22.Group net incomeIn Q3 23  Group net income came to EUR 110 million  down -65.0% vs. Q3 22. RONE stood at 2.8% in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  Group net income totalled EUR 518 million  down -56% vs. 9M 22. RONE stood at 4.5% in 9M 23.4. GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q3 23 Q3 22 Variation 9M 23 9M 22 Variation Net banking income 2 309 2 318 -0.4% +2.1%* 7 455 7 649 -2.5% -1.4%* Operating expenses (1 479) (1 470) +0.6% +3.4%* (5 188) (5 281) -1.8% -0.8%* Gross operating income 830 848 -2.1% -0.1%* 2 267 2 368 -4.3% -2.8%* Net cost of risk (13) (80) -83.8% -83.2%* 9 (343) n/s n/s Operating income 817 768 +6.4% +8.4%* 2 276 2 025 +12.4% +14.3%* Reported Group net income 647 601 +7.7% +9.6%* 1 813 1 598 +13.4% +15.4%* RONE 16.9% 14.7% +0.0% +0.0%* 15.6% 13.4% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 64.1% 63.4% +0.0% +0.0%* 69.6% 69.0% +0.0% +0.0%*Net banking incomeGlobal Banking & Investor Solutions delivered a good performance in the third quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 309 million  stable in comparison to a strong Q3 22.Over the first nine months of the year  revenues are slightly down by -2.5% vs. 9M 22 (EUR 7 455 million vs. EUR 7 649 million).Global Markets & Investor Services recorded revenues of EUR 1 482 million in Q3 23  which was a minor -1.7% decrease in comparison to a high reference point in Q3 22. Over 9M 23  revenues stood at EUR 4 940 million  a -5.4% decrease vs. 9M 22.Global Markets turned in a solid performance with revenues of EUR 1 314 million  down -2.4% vs. Q3 22  which was a record third quarter result(15). Over 9M 23  revenues decreased by -5.7% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 4 383 million.The Equities business posted a very solid performance overall  recording revenues of EUR 800 million for Q3 23  which was a minor -1.0% decrease vs. a very high Q3 22  on back of a broadly robust commercial activity notably driven by strong momentum in investment solutions despite less conducive market conditions than in Q3 22  notably in the flow and financing businesses. Over 9M 23  revenues decreased by -8.4% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 2 431 million.Fixed income and Currencies recorded a solid performance  notably on back of investment solutions on rates despite a less favourable market environment  particularly for flow businesses. In Q3 23  revenues decreased by -4.6% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 514 million. Over 9M 23  revenues dipped slightly by -2.0% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 1 952 million.Securities Services’ revenues were up by +4.3% over the quarter to EUR 168 million. Excluding the impact of the valuation of various equity participations  business activity decreased by -4.0% compared with Q3 22. Over 9M 23  revenues fell by -3.1% vs. 9M 22  but rose by +2.9% excluding these participations. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 671 billion and EUR 577 billion  respectively.The Financing and Advisory business posted a record Q3 performance  with revenues of EUR 827 million  up by +2.1% vs. Q3 22. Over 9M 23  revenues came to EUR 2 515 million  up by +3.6% vs. 9M 22.The Global Banking & Advisory business turned in a solid performance. Revenues decreased by -2.7% vs. Q3 22. Business benefited notably from the solid activity in Asset-Backed Products. Investment Banking also reaped the benefit of good commercial momentum that was driven by robust activity in acquisition finance and continued strong performance in debt capital markets activities. Meanwhile  the Asset Finance and Natural Resources platforms had a sustained commercial performance over the quarter. Over the first nine months of the year  business contracted by -4.1% vs. 9M 22.Global Transaction and Payment Services recorded strong revenue growth of +18.3% vs. Q3 22  reaping the dual benefit of high interest rates and increased fee income. Over 9M 23  revenues advanced strongly by +35.3% vs. 9M 22.Operating expensesOperating expenses for the quarter totalled EUR 1 479 million  including EUR 41 million in transformation charges  up by a slight +0.6% vs. Q3 22  reflecting the tight rein on costs despite the inflationary backdrop. Accordingly  the cost-to-income ratio came to 64.1% in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  operating expenses contracted by -1.8% vs. 9M 22. The cost-to-income ratio for 9M 23 consequently came to 69.6%. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF)  the ratio was 63.1%.Cost of riskIn Q3 23  the cost of risk remained at very low 3 basis points (or EUR 13 million) vs. -7 basis points in Q2 23.Over 9M 23  the cost of risk stood at -1 basis points vs. 26 basis points in 9M 22.Group net incomeGroup net income came to EUR 647 million  up by +7.7%. For the first nine months of the year  it rose by a sharp +13.4% to EUR 1 813 million.Global Banking and Investor Solutions again reported strong RONE of 16.9% for the quarter. Over the first nine months of the year  reported RONE came to 15.6% and 18.8% excluding the contribution to the SRF.5. INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING  MOBILITY AND LEASING SERVICESIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change Net banking income 2 228 1 990 +12.0% -0.8%* 6 492 6 028 +7.7% +4.6%* Operating expenses (1 237) (920) +34.5% +9.0%* (3 479) (2 940) +18.3% +10.5%* Gross operating income 991 1 070 -7.4% -9.2%* 3 013 3 088 -2.4% -1.0%* Net cost of risk (175) (150) +16.7% +8.4%* (349) (572) -39.0% -10.7%* Operating income 816 920 -11.3% -12.1%* 2 664 2 516 +5.9% +0.3%* Net profits or losses from other assets 1 2 -50.0% -50.0%* 0 12 -100.0% -100.0%* Reported Group net income 377 511 -26.2% -26.0%* 1 325 1 395 -5.0% -11.0%* RONE 14.9% 22.2% 18.6% 18.9% Cost to income 55.5% 46.2% 53.6% 48.8%International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans rose by +5.0% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 66.3 billion. Outstanding deposits increased by +3.5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 81.6 billion.In Europe  outstanding loans were up + 5.2% vs. end-September 2022 to EUR 41.4 billion  with +4.2% vs. Q3 22 in the Czech Republic and +12.5% vs. Q3 22 in Romania. Outstanding deposits grew across all segments in the two countries  by +3.5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 54.2 billion.In Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  outstanding loans (EUR 25 billion in Q3 23) and outstanding deposits (EUR 27.4 billion in Q3 23) grew respectively by +3.7% and +3.4% vs. Q3 22. Commercial performances were particularly robust in sub-Saharan Africa  which posted loan outstandings growth of +12.7% vs. Q3 22 and deposit outstandings of +5.8% vs. Q3 22.Mobility and Leasing Services also showed strong momentum. Earning assets grew by +14.1% to EUR 50.2 billion at end-September 2023 vs. EUR 44.0 billion at end-September 2022. Growth was driven by the increase in car values.Consumer Finance loan outstandings rose by +2.9% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 24 billion at end-September 2023. Equipment Finance posted leasing ouststandings of EUR 15 billion in Q3 23  up by + 3.7% vs. Q3 22 on back of robust new production.Net banking incomeIn Q3 23  net banking income amounted to EUR 2 228 million  up by +12% vs. Q3 22.Over 9M 23  revenues grew by +7.7% vs. 9M 22 to EUR 6 492 million.International Retail Banking’s net banking income was robust during the quarter  posting a steady growth of +2.8% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 1 044 million in Q3 23. Over the first nine months of 2023  net banking income was stable vs. 9M 22 at EUR 3 124 million.Revenues in Europe were down in the third quarter to EUR 506 million (-4.5% vs. Q3 22). Momentum in Romania remained solid (+8.0% vs. Q3 22)  while NII in Czech Republic  which remains high vs. past years  is down compared to a high level in Q3 22.Net banking income for the Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories business unit reported a strong increase of +10.7% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 538 million in Q3 23.Mobility and Leasing Services recorded net banking income growth of +21.6% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 1 184 million. Boosted by the integration of LeasePlan  Ayvens posted a +37.2% increase  with stable margin revenues on leasing contracts and services (excluding reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items). Regarding Used Car Sales (UCS) net result (including the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs)  it is normalising to an average of EUR 1 033 per unit vs EUR 3 014 in Q3 22. Excluding this reduction impact in depreciation costs  UCS results per unit would have been EUR 2 346 in Q3 23 vs. EUR 3 607 in Q3 22.In Q3 23  the contribution of LeasePlan’s revenues was around EUR 300 million  impacted by negative Marked-to-Market of hedging portfolio (EUR -82m) and consolidation adjustments on UCS and depreciation costs (EUR ~-150m in total).Consumer Finance posted lower net banking income  notably owing to the impact of the usury rate in France.Over 9M 23  Mobility and Leasing Services recorded net banking income of EUR 3 368 million  up by +16.6% vs. 9M 22.Operating expensesIn Q3 23  operating expenses increased by +34.5% vs. Q3 22 to EUR 1 237 million (+9%*)  impacted by LeasePlan expenses excluding transformation charges  for around EUR 230 million  and by around EUR 45 million in restructuring costs related to the integration. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 55.5% in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  operating expenses came to EUR 3 479 million  up by 18.3% vs. 9M 22 (+10.5%*).Amid an inflationary backdrop  International Retail Banking posted a +7.4% increase in operating expenses during the quarter vs. Q3 22 to EUR 567 million.Operating expenses for Mobility and Leasing Services came to EUR 670 million  which was a +70.9% increase vs. Q3 22. At constant scope and exchange rates  these expenses rose by +9%* vs. Q3 22.Cost of riskIn Q3 23  the cost of risk fell to 43 basis points (or EUR 175 million) vs. 47 basis points in Q3 22.Over 9M 23  the cost of risk stood at 32 basis points vs. 56 basis points in 9M 22.Group net incomeIn Q3 23  Group net income came to EUR 377 million  down -26.2% vs. Q3 22. RONE stood at 14.9% in Q3 23. RONE was 17.2% for International Retail Banking and 13.3% for Mobility and Leasing Services in Q3 23.Over 9M 23  Group net income totalled EUR 1 325 million  down -5% vs. 9M 22  while RONE stood at 18.6%. RONE for International Retail Banking was 17.3%  and 19.8% for Mobility and Leasing Services.CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 9M 23 9M 22 Net banking income (231) 39 (870) (64) Operating expenses (53) (58) (155) (228) Gross operating income (284) (19) (1 025) (292) Net cost of risk 16 (30) 18 (55) Net profits or losses from other assets 4 (1) (96) (3 304) Impairment losses on goodwill (338) - (338) - Income tax (211) 121 (80) 391 Reported Group net income (839) 16 (1 593) (3 415)Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -231 million in Q3 23 vs. EUR +39 million in Q3 22. It notably included the negative impact from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -0.1 billion at Q3 23 (approximately EUR -0.3 billion in 2023) and the negative impact from the change in market value of replacement swaps of the equity stakes in subsidiaries.Operating expenses totalled EUR -53 million in Q2 23 vs. EUR -58 million in Q3 22.Moreover  the Group recorded goodwill impairment on the Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories activities and on Equipment Finance activities for a total amount of around EUR 340 million16  and booked a provision for deferred tax assets of around EUR 270 million1.The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -839 million in Q3 23 vs. EUR +16 million in Q3 22.7. 2023 AND 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 and 2024 financial communications calendar8 February 2024 Fourth quarter and full year 2023 results3 May 2024 First quarter 2024 results 01 August 2024 Second quarter and half year 2024 resultsLes Indicateurs Alternatifs de Performance  notamment les notions de Produit net bancaire des piliers  Frais de gestion  ajustement d’IFRIC 21  coût du risque en points de base  ROE  ROTE  RONE  Actif net  Actif net tangible  et les montants servant de base aux différents retraitements effectués (en particulier le passage des données publiées aux données sous-jacentes) sont présentés dans les notes méthodologiques  ainsi que les principes de présentation des ratios prudentiels.Ce document comporte des éléments de projection relatifs aux objectifs et stratégies du Groupe Société Générale.Ces projections reposent sur des hypothèses  à la fois générales et spécifiques  notamment l’application de principes et de méthodes comptables conformes au référentiel IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) tel qu'adopté dans l'Union européenne  ainsi que l’application de la réglementation prudentielle en vigueur à ce jour.Ces éléments sont issus de scenarii fondés sur un certain nombre d'hypothèses économiques dans un contexte concurrentiel et réglementaire donné. Le Groupe peut ne pas être en mesure :- d’anticiper tous les risques  incertitudes ou autres facteurs susceptibles d’affecter son activité et d’en évaluer leurs conséquences potentielles ;- d’évaluer avec précision dans quelle mesure la matérialisation d’un risque ou d’une combinaison de risques pourrait entraîner des résultats significativement différents de ceux projetés dans cette présentation.Par conséquent  bien que Société Générale estime qu’ils reposent sur des hypothèses raisonnables  ces éléments de projection sont soumis à de nombreux risques et incertitudes  en particulier dans le contexte de la crise du Covid-19  notamment des sujets dont le Groupe ou sa direction n’ont pas encore connaissance ou actuellement jugés non significatifs  et rien ne garantit que les événements anticipés se matérialiseront ou que les objectifs mentionnés seront atteints. Les facteurs importants susceptibles d’entraîner une différence marquée entre les résultats réels et les résultats anticipés dans les éléments de projection comprennent  entre autres  les tendances de l’activité économique en général et celles des marchés de Société Générale en particulier  les changements réglementaires et prudentiels et le succès des initiatives stratégiques  opérationnelles et financières de Société Générale.Des informations détaillées sur les risques potentiels susceptibles d’affecter les résultats financiers de Société Générale sont consultables dans le Document d’enregistrement universel déposé auprès de l’Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Il est recommandé aux investisseurs de tenir compte des facteurs d’incertitudes et de risque susceptibles d’affecter les opérations du Groupe lorsqu’ils examinent les informations contenues dans les éléments de projection. Au-delà des obligations légales en vigueur  Société Générale ne s’engage aucunement à mettre à jour ou à réviser ses éléments de projection. Sauf mention contraire  les sources des classements et des positions de marché sont internes.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Variation 9M 23 9M 22 Variation French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 110 317 -65.3% 518 1 177 -56.0% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 647 601 +7.7% 1 813 1 598 +13.4% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 377 511 -26.2% 1 325 1 395 -5.0% Core Businesses 1 134 1 429 -20.6% 3 656 4 170 -12.3% Corporate Centre (839) 16 n/s (1 593) (3 415) +53.4% Group 295 1 445 -79.6% 2 063 755 x 2.7CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 30.09.2023 31.12.2022 R Cash  due from central banks 234 004 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 490 511 427 151 Hedging derivatives 32 050 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 89 527 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 27 468 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 87 404 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 487 788 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (2 389) (2 262) Insurance and reinsurance contracts assets 487 353 Tax assets 4 302 4 484 Other assets 82 243 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 591 1 081 Investments accounted for using the equity method 208 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 59 006 33 958 Goodwill 5 247 3 781 Total 1 599 447 1 484 900In EUR m 30.09.2023 31.12.2022 R Due to central banks 10 828 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 391 803 304 175 Hedging derivatives 45 062 46 164 Debt securities issued 154 010 133 176 Due to banks 118 564 133 011 Customer deposits 543 919 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedgedagainst interest rate risk (9 248) (9 659) Tax liabilities 2 436 1 645 Other liabilities 105 466 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 1 583 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 137 621 135 875 Provisions 4 322 4 579 Subordinated debts 14 824 15 948 Total liabilities 1 521 190 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 110 21 248 Other equity instruments 10 136 9 136 Retained earnings 34 393 34 479 Net income 2 063 1 825 Sub-total 67 702 66 688 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 375 282 Sub-total equity  Group share 68 077 66 970 Non-controlling interests 10 180 6 356 Total equity 78 257 73 326 Total 1 599 447 1 484 9009. APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the third quarter and nine months 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on November 2nd  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 9M 23 9M 22 French Retail  Private Banking and InsuranceNet Cost Of Risk 144 196 342 264 Gross loan Outstandings 243 740 246 467 248 757 244 941 Cost of Risk in bp 24 32 18 14 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 13 80 (9) 343 Gross loan Outstandings 167 057 190 678 170 165 179 454 Cost of Risk in bp 3 17 (1) 26 International Banking  Mobility and Leasing SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 175 150 349 572 Gross loan Outstandings 162 873 127 594 145 227 136 405 Cost of Risk in bp 43 47 32 56 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (16) 30 (18) 55 Gross loan Outstandings 22 681 15 924 19 364 15 093 Cost of Risk in bp (31) 75 (13) 49 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 316 456 664 1 234 Gross loan Outstandings 596 350 580 663 583 512 575 893 Cost of Risk in bp 21 31 15 29The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).5 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q3 23 Q3 22 9M 23 9M 22 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 077 66 835 68 077 66 835 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (11 054) (9 350) (11 054) (9 350) Interest payable to holders of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (102) (80) (102) (80) OCI excluding conversion reserves 853 844 853 844 Distribution provision(2) (1 059) (1 916) (1 059) (1 916) Distribution N-1 to be paid - (334) - (334) ROE equity end-of-period 56 715 56 000 56 715 56 000 Average ROE equity 56 572 55 400 56 326 55 058 Average Goodwill(3) (4 279) (3 667) (3 991) (3 646) Average Intangible Assets (3 390) (2 720) (3 128) (2 726) Average ROTE equity 48 903 49 013 49 207 48 686 Group net Income 295 1 445 2 063 755 Interest paid and payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation (165) (126) (544) (404) Cancellation of goodwill impairment 338 1 338 3 Adjusted Group net Income 468 1 320 1 858 354 ROTE 3.8% 10.8% 5.0% 1.0%RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm)In EURm Q3 23 Q3 22 Change 9M 23 9M 22 Change French Retail   Private Banking and Insurance 15 898 16 104 -1.3% 15 488 15 500 -0.1% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 324 16 346 -6.3% 15 486 15 865 -2.4% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 10 136 9 191 +10.3% 9 505 9 816 -3.2% Core Businesses 41 358 41 641 -0.7% 40 479 41 181 -1.7% Corporate Centre 15 214 13 759 +10.6% 15 847 13 877 +14.2% Group 56 572 55 400 +2.1% 56 326 55 058 +2.3%2022 figures restated in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities. 176 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 9M 23 H1 23 2022 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 077 68 007 66 970 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (11 054) (10 815) (10 017) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (102) (28) (24) Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 86 134 67 Net Asset Value 57 007 57 298 56 996 Goodwill(2) (4 128) (4 429) (3 652) Intangible Assets (3 423) (3 356) (2 875) Net Tangible Asset Value 49 456 49 513 50 469 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(3) 796 242 801 471 801 147 Net Asset Value per Share 71.6 71.5 71.1 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.1 61.8 63.018 2022 figures restated in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities.7 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 9M 23 H1 23 2022 Existing shares 821 765 822 101 845 478 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 818 6 845 6 252 Other own shares and treasury shares 14 864 13 892 16 788 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 800 083 801 363 822 437 Group net Income (in EUR m) 2 063 1 768 1 825 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (in EUR m) (544) (379) (596) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 1 520 1 390 1 230 EPS (in EUR) 1.90 1.73 1.50198 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.209 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.10. APPENDIX 3: PRESS RELEASE DATED NOVEMBER 2ND 2023 - PUBLICATION OF THE NEW QUARTERLY RESULTS SERIESPress releaseParis  2 November 2023 Societe Generale today reports new quarterly series reflecting changes in the presentation of the Group’s financial performance as announced on the Capital Markets Day on 18 September 2023.During the Capital Markets Day on 18 September 2023  the Group announced several changes in the financial reporting of the Group and its businesses:Insurance business will from now on be integrated into French retail  forming the French Retail Banking  Private Banking and Insurance business.The Consumer Finance business in Europe has been transferred to Mobility and Leasing Services in International Retail Banking  Mobility and Leasing Services.Transformation charges  previously accounted for at the Corporate Centre  will from now on be directly borne by the businesses.Normative return of businesses is now based on a 12% capital allocation vs. 11% previouslyThe historical quarterly series have been restated in accordance with these changes in governance and financial reporting.None of the above items has any impact on the Group’s financial results.2022 quarterly series are restated accordingly and are available on Societe Generale’s website (The data of this press release have not been audited.)Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .1 Non-cash items with no impact on 2023 shareholder distribution2 Cost-to-income ratio based on reported figures (vs. underlying previously)  cost-to-income ratio and ROTE at 69.8% and 6.5% respectively excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund3 Phased-in ratio  pro-forma including Q3-23 results4 Based on a pay-out ratio of 50% of the Group net income  at the high-end of the 40%-50% payout ratio  as per regulation  restated from non-cash items and after deduction of interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notesNote: 2022 figures restated in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities  and in accordance with changes in performance reporting mentioned in appendix 35 Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 20196 Ratio of S3 provisions to gross book value of NPL before netting of guarantees and collateral7 Effective from 1 January 2024. The new sectoral policy detailing the terms is available on Societe Generale’s web page.8 Effective from 1 January 2024.9 Oil and Gas absolute financed GHG Emissions on scope 1  2 and 3 end use covering the broad value chain from upstream  midstream to downstream.10 Concerning the credit exposure to car manufacturers.11 International Energy Agency.12 Mission Possible Partnership’s Technology Moratorium.(13) Pro forma including Q3 23 results14 Bain & Company study 2022(1) At comparable business model in the post Global Financial Crisis (GFC) regulatory regime16 Non-cash items with no impact on 2023 shareholder distribution(1) Interest net of tax (2) The dividend to be paid is calculated based on a pay-out ratio of 50% of the Group net income restated from non-cash items and after deduction of deeply subordinated notes and on undated subordinated notes  (3) Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests.(1) Interest net of tax  (2) Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests  (3) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group (expressed in thousand of shares)(1) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares of the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.24,0.38,True,English,"['Third quarter 2023 earnings', 'Societe Generale', 'regulatory requirement Liquidity Coverage Ratio', '15 basis points Group net income', 'Exceptional net income impact', 'African, Mediterranean basin', 'Single Resolution Fund', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'strong reference point', 'robust liquidity profile', 'Equipment Finance activities', 'Stable deposit base', 'first nine months', 'net interest income', 'Capital Markets Day', 'exceptional accounting items', 'fixed income activities', 'Deferred Tax Assets', 'other volatile items', 'robust commercial activity', 'Net banking income', 'Gross operating income', 'International Retail Banking', 'good commercial performance', 'Societe Generale Group', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', '21 basis points', '20 basis points', 'exceptional items', 'income ratio', 'Income tax', 'capital ratio', 'other assets', 'Net profits', 'good performance', 'Global Markets', 'first time', 'Overseas activities', 'CET 1 ratio', 'Global Banking', 'Private Banking', 'Advisory activities', 'solid performance', 'net result', 'The Group', 'Net cost', 'French retail', 'operating expenses', 'stable revenues', 'Press release', 'constant perimeter', 'BALANCE SHEET', 'MAJOR MILESTONES', 'client acquisition', '412,000 new clients', 'LeasePlan acquisition', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'most businesses', 'limited increase', 'Investor Solutions', 'high level', 'negative effect', 'previous quarters', 'O.w.', 'non-controlling interests', 'exchange rate', 'negative revenue', 'Corporate Centre', 'TLTRO operations', 'sustained level', 'Investor Services', 'equity derivatives', 'short-term hedges', 'QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'Quarterly revenues', 'lower revenues', 'solid revenues', 'goodwill impairment', 'Record quarter', '2022 share buy-backs', 'shareholder distribution', 'Impairment losses', 'good Q3', 'Low cost', '9M 23 RESULTS', 'total amount', 'Change 9M', 'EURm Q3', '30 SEPTEMBER', 'Paris', '3 November', 'view', 'peak', 'less', 'risk', 'FY', 'booking', 'provision', 'ROTE', 'contribution', '9M-22', 'end-Q3', 'Q2', 'end-September', 'BoursoBank', 'Creation', 'brand', 'Ayvens', 'completion', 'ALD', 'line', 'ROE', 'document', 'data', 'Board', 'Directors', '2 November', 'chairmanship', 'Insurance', 'impacts', 'unwinding', 'slight', 'Financing', '3.', '350']",2023-11-03,2023-11-04,globenewswire.com
