UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
53632,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2025-11-10-belgium-refuses-to-seize-frozen-russian-assets.html,EU faces roadblock as Belgium refuses to seize frozen Russian assets for Ukraine – NaturalNews.com,Belgium refuses to support the EU’s proposal to confiscate frozen Russian sovereign assets (over €200 billion held in Euroclear) for Ukraine funding  citing legal risks  potential Russian retaliation and financial instability. Belgian officials warn that seiz…,"EU faces roadblock as Belgium refuses to seize frozen Russian assets for UkraineBelgium refuses to support the EU's proposal to confiscate frozen Russian sovereign assets (over €200 billion held in Euroclear) for Ukraine funding  citing legal risks  potential Russian retaliation and financial instability.Belgian officials warn that seizing Russian assets could trigger costly lawsuits  retaliatory seizures of Western assets by Moscow  and destabilize Euroclear—potentially leaving Belgian taxpayers liable.Slovakia's Prime Minister Robert Fico joins Belgium in resistance  vowing to block any plan that diverts frozen Russian funds toward Ukraine's military expenses  complicating EU unity on the issue.With Belgium and Slovakia resisting  the EU faces pressure to find alternative funding mechanisms (e.g.  joint borrowing or grants) before a critical December decision—but fiscal concerns and political divisions persist.Critics warn that confiscating sovereign assets sets a dangerous precedent  inviting reciprocal seizures by adversarial nations  undermining trust in Western financial systems and escalating geopolitical conflict.The European Union's (EU) controversial plan to seize frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine has hit a major snag  as Belgium remains steadfast in its opposition  citing legal and financial risks.Despite intense negotiations  Brussels has failed to convince Belgian officials to approve the scheme  leaving the bloc scrambling for alternatives ahead of a critical December decision.According to BrightU.AI's Enoch  Belgium's reluctance to seize and repurpose frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine's recovery and reconstruction efforts can be attributed to several interconnected factors rooted in international law  geopolitical considerations and domestic political dynamics.""Belgium's reluctance to seize frozen Russian assets is not a sign of support for Russia or indifference to Ukraine's plight. Instead  it reflects a complex interplay of international legal considerations  geopolitical realities and domestic political constraints. To promote Ukraine's recovery  Belgium and other countries could explore alternative funding mechanisms  such as international donors' conferences or targeted financial assistance programs "" Enoch added.A high-stakes meeting between EU Commission officials and Belgian representatives on Friday  Nov. 7  ended without agreement  according to reports from Euronews. Belgium  home to the bulk of Russia's immobilized assets—estimated at over €200 billion ($231.02 billion) held in the Euroclear financial depository—has repeatedly warned that confiscating these funds could trigger costly lawsuits and retaliatory measures from Moscow.""For Belgium  it is essential that all options are explored. Every possible approach must be examined with rigor and transparency to ensure the best solution "" an unnamed Belgian government source told Euronews.The EU's proposal involves using Russian sovereign assets as collateral for a €140 billion ($161.71 billion) loan to Ukraine  framed as ""reparations"" in the event of a future peace settlement. However  Belgian Defense Minister Theo Francken has warned that such a move could backfire spectacularly.""Russia could retaliate by seizing €200 billion in Western assets held within its borders "" Francken cautioned last month  adding that the funds would likely prolong the Ukraine conflict rather than resolve it.Legal and financial risks loom largeBelgium's reluctance stems from fears that Moscow could challenge the seizure in international courts  potentially leaving Euroclear—and Belgian taxpayers—on the hook for massive legal liabilities. Russia has already vowed to prosecute any nation involved in appropriating its assets  labeling the act as outright theft.Meanwhile  alternative funding mechanisms—such as joint EU borrowing or direct grants—pose their own political hurdles. According to an internal EU Commission document obtained by the Financial Times  these options ""would directly affect [member states'] deficit and debt "" making them unpopular among fiscally conservative nations.Adding to the EU's troubles  Slovakia's Prime Minister Robert Fico declared over the weekend that his government would oppose any scheme diverting frozen Russian funds toward Ukraine's military expenses.""Slovakia won't take part in any legal or financial schemes to seize frozen assets if those funds would be spent on military costs in Ukraine "" Fico stated in an interview with Slovak public broadcaster STVR.Fico  a longtime critic of EU sanctions against Russia  has previously leveraged his veto power to extract concessions from Brussels. His stance further complicates the bloc's efforts to present a united front on Ukraine funding.U.S. backs EU plan despite growing skepticismWhile the Trump administration has publicly endorsed the EU's asset-seizure strategy  skepticism is mounting within Europe. The plan hinges on generating revenue from Russia's immobilized assets—primarily through higher-risk investments—but Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain has cautioned against such moves  warning of unintended financial fallout.With the European Council set to revisit the issue in December  time is running short for EU leaders to broker a compromise. As legal doubts persist and geopolitical tensions escalate  the bloc's ambitious plan to bankroll Ukraine with Russian funds appears increasingly precarious.The EU's push to weaponize frozen sovereign assets sets a troubling precedent—one that could invite reciprocal seizures by adversarial nations and destabilize global financial markets. Critics argue that such measures  far from promoting peace  risk entrenching conflict while undermining property rights and international law.Centralized financial power grabs often precede broader authoritarian overreach. Whether Brussels will heed these warnings—or double down on its risky gambit—remains to be seen.Watch the video below about Belgian Deputy Prime Minister Maxime Prevot saying that confiscating Russian assets is not an option for Belgium.This video is from Cynthia's Pursuit of Truth channel on Brighteon.com.Sources include:RT.comBrightU.aiRBC.uaLiga.netPolitico.euBrighteon.com",neutral,0.0,0.53,0.46,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU', 'roadblock', 'Belgium', 'Ukraine', 'NaturalNews', 'com', 'Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain', 'internal EU Commission document', 'unnamed Belgian government source', 'Belgian Defense Minister', 'critical December decision', 'The European Union', 'several interconnected factors', 'future peace settlement', 'Slovak public broadcaster', 'potential Russian retaliation', 'alternative funding mechanisms', 'domestic political dynamics', 'domestic political constraints', ""international donors' conferences"", 'financial assistance programs', 'massive legal liabilities', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Western financial systems', 'EU Commission officials', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Euroclear financial depository', 'international legal considerations', 'joint EU borrowing', 'frozen assets', 'joint borrowing', 'Belgian officials', 'Western assets', 'political divisions', 'international law', 'geopolitical considerations', 'international courts', 'political hurdles', 'Belgian taxpayers', 'Belgian representatives', 'financial instability', 'financial risks', 'Financial Times', 'financial schemes', 'immobilized assets', 'Russian funds', 'costly lawsuits', 'retaliatory seizures', 'military expenses', 'fiscal concerns', 'dangerous precedent', 'reciprocal seizures', 'adversarial nations', 'geopolitical conflict', 'major snag', 'intense negotiations', 'BrightU.AI', 'complex interplay', 'geopolitical realities', 'other countries', 'high-stakes meeting', 'retaliatory measures', 'possible approach', 'best solution', 'outright theft', 'conservative nations', 'military costs', 'longtime critic', 'veto power', 'united front', 'U.S.', 'Trump administration', 'asset-seizure strategy', 'higher-risk investments', 'Ukraine funding', 'legal risks', 'EU unity', 'EU sanctions', 'controversial plan', 'reconstruction efforts', 'Theo Francken', 'direct grants', 'growing skepticism', 'EU plan', 'Ukraine conflict', 'roadblock', 'Belgium', 'proposal', 'Moscow', 'Slovakia', 'resistance', 'issue', 'pressure', 'Critics', 'trust', 'opposition', 'Brussels', 'alternatives', 'Enoch', 'reluctance', 'recovery', 'sign', 'support', 'indifference', 'plight', 'Friday', 'Nov.', 'agreement', 'reports', 'Euronews', 'bulk', 'options', 'rigor', 'transparency', 'collateral', '€140 billion', 'reparations', 'event', 'move', 'borders', 'fears', 'hook', 'deficit', 'debt', 'troubles', 'weekend', 'part', 'interview', 'STVR', 'concessions', 'revenue']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,naturalnews.com
53633,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://sputnikglobe.com/20251110/moscow-court-orders-belgiums-euroclear-bank-to-pay-85mln-to-russias-transneft-1123085133.html,Moscow Court Orders Belgium’s Euroclear Bank to Pay $85Mln to Russia’s Transneft,MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Moscow Arbitration Court has ordered Brussels-based Euroclear Bank to pay over $85 million to Russian oil pipeline company Transneft  according to court documents seen by Sputnik.,https://sputnikglobe.com/20251110/moscow-court-orders-belgiums-euroclear-bank-to-pay-85mln-to-russias-transneft-1123085133.htmlMoscow Court Orders Belgium’s Euroclear Bank to Pay $85Mln to Russia’s TransneftMoscow Court Orders Belgium’s Euroclear Bank to Pay $85Mln to Russia’s TransneftSputnik InternationalThe Moscow Arbitration Court has ordered Brussels-based Euroclear Bank to pay over $85 million to Russian oil pipeline company Transneft  according to court documents seen by Sputnik.2025-11-10T09:28+00002025-11-10T09:28+00002025-11-10T09:28+0000worldrussiabrusselstransneftmoscownational settlement depository (nsd)https://cdn1.img.sputnikglobe.com/img/15995/15/159951517_0:1:800:451_1920x0_80_0_0_baa7ff7443df789d9a89aecf24ec64e7.jpgThe lawsuit was filed in September 2024  with hearing held behind closed doors. Although the decision was issued in July  it has only recently become public that the court fully upheld the claim. The full court ruling has not yet been published  and the case details remain confidential. Russia’s Gazprombank and the National Settlement Depository (NSD) are third-party participants in the case. Based on the list of parties involved  the dispute appears to be related to securities owned by the plaintiff that were blocked by the defendant due to international sanctions. At a preliminary hearing in October 2024  the court granted the plaintiff’s request to conduct the proceedings in closed session  citing the risk of revealing commercial secrets if held openly. European sanctions imposed on the NSD in 2022 led to the freezing of funds and securities belonging to Russian clients held in Euroclear and Luxembourg's Clearstream  as well as related foreign bank accounts. Numerous Russian banks  companies and individuals have launched legal actions against Euroclear Bank and Clearstream Banking over the asset freezes. Transneft operates Russia’s main pipeline system  transporting oil and petroleum products domestically and internationally. Russia owns 78.55% of its ordinary shares through the Federal Agency for State Property Management  with the remaining 21.45% in preferred shares.https://sputnikglobe.com/20251108/energy-supplies-from-russia-to-hungary-fully-exempt-from-us-sanctions---orban-1123075840.htmlrussiabrusselsmoscowSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 602025Sputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Newsen_ENSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 601920 1080 true1920 1440 true1920 1920 trueSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Sputnik Internationalmoscow arbitration court  russian oil pipeline company transneft  belgium’s euroclear bank,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Moscow Court', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Belgium', 'Russia', 'Transneft', 'russian oil pipeline company transneft', 'related foreign bank accounts', 'The Moscow Arbitration Court', 'main pipeline system', 'Numerous Russian banks', 'national settlement depository', 'State Property Management', 'full court ruling', 'Brussels-based Euroclear Bank', 'Russian clients', 'Moscow Court', 'court documents', 'closed doors', 'third-party participants', 'closed session', 'commercial secrets', 'legal actions', 'asset freezes', 'petroleum products', 'ordinary shares', 'Federal Agency', 'preferred shares', 'Rossiya Segodnya', 'Sputnik International', 'international sanctions', 'European sanctions', 'case details', 'preliminary hearing', 'Clearstream Banking', 'world russia', 'sputnikglobe', 'moscow-court-orders', 'belgiums', '85mln', 'russias', 'nsd', 'cdn1.', 'baa7ff7443df789d9a89aecf24ec64e', 'lawsuit', 'September', 'decision', 'July', 'claim', 'Gazprombank', 'list', 'parties', 'dispute', 'securities', 'plaintiff', 'defendant', 'October', 'request', 'proceedings', 'risk', 'freezing', 'funds', 'Luxembourg', 'companies', 'individuals', 'energy-supplies', 'sputniknews', 'MIA']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,sputnikglobe.com
53634,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2025/11/russias-choices-as-it-brings-ukraine-to-the-brink-with-electricity-war-takes-pokrovsk.html,Russia’s Choices as It Brings Ukraine to the Brink with Electricity War  Takes Pokrovsk,Even with Russia's domination undeniable as its electricity attacks turn off power all over Ukraine  Russia still has complex choices to make.,Russia has just stepped up its electricity war  via making its biggest use of ballistic missiles in a single night of strikes on the electrical grid  focused on thermal power generation and knocking out all of those stations  plunging all of Ukraine’s major cities into darkness. Russia has also just captured the key city of Pokrovsk a critically important logistical hub. Per some accounts  Putin has ordered the cauldron to be closed  reportedly only the second time since the capture of Mariupol. As a matter of practice  Russia has generally instead created big encirclements but left an avenue out. That has worked particularly well in Ukraine give Zelensky’s predictable orders to hold territory at all cost. Ukraine keeps feeding men and material into a Russian maw.Pokvrosk has fallen .🇧🇬https://t.co/IqV9Sdknoh — Sol Feiz (@Feiozol) November 7  2025See History Legends from a few days ago for more on the fall of Pokrovsk. Last week  Simplicius gave an overview of the battlefront decay:The most revealing fact about Russia’s sudden breakthroughs on every front is that these do not appear to be coming at the expense of major mechanized assaults with huge losses as some of Russia’s previous official ‘offensives’ had done. Sure  there have been a string of mechanized assaults we’ve covered in the past couple weeks  but these have mostly come at secondary fronts; for instance  western Zaporozhye  around Orekhove  in Shakhove  north of Pokrovsk  etc. The main fronts discussed earlier all seem to be collapsing to the same old trickle and ‘thousand cuts’ tactics. Most importantly what this means is that Russia does not appear to be paying an exorbitant cost in casualties and equipment for these recent successes  other than expendables like bikes  civilian cars  bukhankas  etc. If this is truly the case  this bodes extremely badly for the AFU. It would mean a point of no return has been reached where Russia no longer has to expend outsize resources for these accumulating breakthroughs  which means they will only continue unabated. We don’t know for certain if this is the case; for instance  the fact that this sudden collapse of the AFU has corresponded precisely to the advent of rasputitsa and other inclement winter-like conditions could mean this has more to do with Russia’s recent surge. But as I’ve stated many times before  Russia has always had its biggest campaigns during the winter  wherein the Bakhmut and Avdeevka operations were carried out.However  Russia’s trump card has been and remains its ability to destroy or cripple Ukraine’s power supplies. The start of Dima’s video shows the day after impact of the latest electricity attacks….which in a lot of cases will extend beyond that:The Guardian has a day-later account trying to put a brave face on the power system strikes:Power will be cut for between eight and 16 hours across most regions of Ukraine on Sunday  state transmission system operator Ukrenergo has said  after Russian attacks targeting energy infrastructure reduced the country’s generating capacity to “zero”…. Ukrenergo has said repairs were carried out and energy sourcing diverted. While the situation had somewhat stabilised  regions including Kyiv  Dnipropetrovsk  Donetsk  Kharkiv  Poltava  Chernihiv and Sumy could continue to experience regular power cuts  Ukraine’s energy minister said on Saturday night… Experts have said the strikes on energy infrastructure put Ukraine at risk of heating outages before winter. Russia has targeted the power and heating grid throughout its almost four-year invasion  destroying a large part of the key civilian infrastructure. This weekend’s attack was the ninth massive attack on gas infrastructure since early October  Ukraine’s energy company Naftogaz said. Kyiv’s School of Economics estimated in a report that the attacks have shut down half of Ukraine’s natural gas production. Ukraine’s top energy expert  Oleksandr Kharchenko  told a media briefing Wednesday that if Kyiv’s two power and heating plants went offline for more than three days when temperatures fall below minus 10C  the capital would face a “technological disaster”.The article did not explain what “technological disaster” would amount to. But our understanding is the municipal water supply depend on electricity both to keep pipes from freezing and for pumping. Knowledgeable readers might also be able to describe the risks to the sewage system.And Ukraine officials were warning even before this big attack that residents of big cities like Kiev who depend on electric power for heating should make backup plans to decamp to spots with furnaces. From Simpilcius on November 2:At the same time  Russia’s strikes on Ukraine’s power grid have been the most determined they’ve ever been  with many noting ‘unusual’ behavior such as doing double-taps on repair crews and launching giant drone swarms on each facility  rather than simply one or two missiles. Several Ukrainian officials have already called for people to abandon Kiev as they warn it will be without heating for major parts of the coming winter.Ukraine’s main energy authority Ukrenergo:These developments suggest a new-found bloody-mindedness on the part of Russia  perhaps reflecting Russia’s recognition that the time is ripe for a decisive push. Another factor may be Trump’s shameless peace theatrics  of embarrassing Putin by calling him and springing the scheme of a “possibly Budapest” summit on the Russians  to which after a short period of regrouping  they agreed  and then going into Emily Litella “Never mind” mode.But Trump also retraded his earlier commitment  after the Alaska summit  to abandon his “ceasefire first” position. The Russians rejecting that  as they consistently had  was apparently the trigger for Trump scuppering the idea of another summit pronto. In two long interviews  Foreign Minister Lavrov has described how Witkoff came to Moscow for a >3 hour meeting with Putin and set forth a US proposal  which Putin agreed to discuss as the main menu item at the Alaska summit. Putin then in person with Trump went over the Witkoff terms in detail and Trump confirmed that they were indeed acceptable to the US. It is this very own Trump scheme that Trump has now repudiated. This brings the idea of “not agreement capable” to an entirely new level.Trump also seems to be back to buying Ukraine propaganda intel that Russia’s military and/or economy are gonna fall over soon  yes siree Bob:TRUMP DROPS C WORD FOR C WORD – Trump has again abandoned immediate CEASEFIRE and now expects CAPITULATION: “Sometimes people have to fight it out a little bit longer” https://t.co/EUoDk7CFp3 pic.twitter.com/KIOWRQN7xz — Dances_with_Bears (@bears_with) November 7  2025Lavrov has ritually said that Russia is still willing to work with the US on the Alaska “understandings”. The kinda-sorta face saver for Trump is that he apparently also represented to Putin that he could make Ukraine to accept this deal. Trump clearly has the means to do so. But he went TACO after press and official hysteria about the mere fact of the summit on US soil  and then meetings with Zelensky and EU officials shortly thereafter. But the message from the US is that it can do what it wants to and the other side should swallow that. So despite making obligatory US friendly-noises  it seems that Putin and others favoring a negotiated settlement can no longer pretend to themselves that there might be a resolution other than Russia imposing a military outcome.Perhaps things have changed  but Alexander Mercouris reported that Ukraine forces were ordered to move east to Myrnograd  which is rearranging deck chairs on this Titanic and assures their destruction or capture. Even though Western sources are set to minimize it  the capture of Pokrovsk is an inflection point. Russia now has the war for the Donbass in the clean-up phase  even though that will require more expenditure of lives and materiel to complete. Russia could choose to strike West through relatively thinly populated areas to the Dnieper  which would focus a lot of minds. But without knowing the Russia and Ukraine disposition of forces  as we’ll discuss soon  there are reasons for Russia to finish the job in the east and take the last  much less formidable fortified line at Sloviansk and Kramatorsk first.John Helmer  who has provided far and away the best accounts of the electricity war  confirms that the latest grid salvo reflects a Russian decision to pick up the tempo on this aspect of the war. Helmer’s sources contend that Russia could have ended the war much sooner with a sustained full bore attack on power sources and delivery  but Putin held that back for political reasons. Helmer does not unpack what they are  but we will make a stab at what ones are likely still operative. We’ll see that even with Russia more and more clearly getting the upper hand on the battlefield  that other considerations don’t clearly point all in one direction. We’ll discuss below how despite Russia just having given a stark preview of its ability to bring Ukraine to its knees quickly  Russia still has reasons to keep grinding out the war on the ground.But first to Helmer on the acceleration of the electricity war:Over the last three days the General Staff’s electric war strikes have continued to intensify on their targets and extend right across the Ukraine  with local utility companies announcing blackouts from Kharkov in the east to the western regions… Russian military analysts are well aware and are now reporting that since the electric war campaign first began in October 2022  the number of strikes has been limited in duration  firepower  and damage effected…. But not this time  military sources in Moscow believe. Some of the sources have claimed the General Staff did not have the capacities to fully implement the electric war in the first two years… Other sources believe the military resources  logistics pipeline  targeting intelligence  and weapons accuracy and survivability were not as available to the General Staff in October 2022… One source says that President Vladimir Putin imposed restrictions on the extent and duration of the campaign but gradually he has been persuaded to relax them… A source in a position to know says the restrictions on the electric war have been political  not military  and for the time being Putin appears to have lifted them. “I have a tough time believing that the General Staff did not have the intelligence  let alone the weapons accuracy and survivability necessary to prosecute the electric war from the start ” the source comments. “First…Information on the Ukrainian electrical generation  transmission  and distribution network was  and still is  widely available in open source. There is no way that the electrical or civil engineers employed by the General Staff could not know what to target and what firepower was necessary. In terms of weapons  the Russian forces had then  as they do now  stocks of cruise  ballistic  and other air-dropped weapons  not to mention sabotage capabilities  to destroy the critical Ukrainian electrical nodes. There are approximately 35 major Ukrainian substations…Looking at the data provided in these sources  the General Staff have had more than enough ordnance to take them all out. They didn’t. Moving forward from this line of thinking  I am curious to know why Ukrainian electrical laydowns [storage areas] and service vehicles have not been targeted. Are we to assume these could not be seen? This defies rudimentary understanding of enemy logistic and repair capabilities. Quite obviously  the delay to date in achieving the complete collapse of the Ukrainian grid was and is the product of political decision-making  not any lack of capability on the Russian military’s part.”Let’s go through some of those “political” considerations that still complicate Russia simply turning out the light and heat all over Ukraine:Not producing a humanitarian crisis. It’s hard to wage war without killing a lot of civilians but Russia has made an earnest attempt so far. The strongest evidence of Russia trying to spare bystanders is that Russia did not take destroy Ukraine internet  television  radio and cell phone facilities as soon as possible. Ukraine has gotten so used to getting easy handling that there was whinging about the loss of Internet services along with the big power outages.Some of the thorny related problems:With by some estimates half of the Ukraine population already having left  those that can’t leave (or even get to housing heated by furnace)  those who remain will skew to the elderly and infirm. Russia has managed to persuade its economic allies and the Global South that it is keeping to the high ground as much as possible given the givens. That could evaporate rapidly if power outages produce large scale deaths from cold and disease in Ukraine cities.Is Russia going to be able to provide enough in the way of relief operations quickly enough and on a large enough scale in winter conditions to prevent widespread hardship?Any of a food  water  or medical supplies crisis in a big Ukraine city could serve as a pretext for sending in troops from EU member states  allegedly to provide relief.“You broke it  you own it”. It is not clear that the Russian leadership has made a decision on how much of Ukraine  ex the oblasts it deems to be part of Russia  that it will need to occupy or otherwise put under friendlier management. As N/A pointed out:Also as I've said countless times. These two nations are very well integrated with each other. This isn't Germany or Britain or America. You would see a much more aggressive war against those than on Ukraine or Belarus or countries like that. Moldova as well https://t.co/97T0t8rv8W — N/A (@xLUHG333) November 8  2025I agree with Mark Sleboda’s case as to why Russia controlling all of Ukraine is Russia’s least bad option. But that does not mean Russia officials  who have a much more comprehensive view  will come to that conclusion. But Russian hard-liners favor that outcome  so it will get consideration.Reality is starting to regime and attitude-change some of Russia’s fierce opponents. Too many European leaders are still determined to Do Something to stop Russia from rolling into Paris. The problem is that even with their limited military means  they could still trigger a hot war  for instance  with their drone and balloon false flags justifying a confrontation  say in the Baltic. Since both the UK and France have nukes  they cannot be completely discounted as powers. Undue belligerence and persistent stupidity could produce very bad outcomes. And the US has not given a firm no to the idea of deploying the nuclear-capable Tomahawk missiles to Ukraine either.But Brussels again nixed seizing Russian frozen assets  since other states are not willing to indemnify its ginormous legal risk. And Slovakia has thrown another spanner  saying it will not back using the funds if they go to war-making.This row over cash is more central than it might seem  since both Europe and the US both labor under the delusion that if they throw enough money at the problem  weapons can be magicked into existence. But  quelle surprise  they can’t even come up with that! From Euronews:According to sources close to the discussions there’s growing concern in the Belgian government at the lack of alternative proposals from the European Commission to using frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine. The EU is pushing for a plan to use €140 billion in frozen Russian assets held at Belgian financial repository  Euroclear… The Commission is looking for ways to maintain Ukraine’s funding stable going into 2026 as the costs associated to the war mount without US support  which has declined since President Donald Trump took office… “To be frank  we are still waiting for the other options that the European Commission was meant to present  as agreed at the European Council” in October  they [Belgian sources] told Euronews… “You cannot take the best decision if you don’t have all options with its positive and negative sides”  said the source. If the plan fails  some options floated in formally include issuing joint debt  bilateral provisions from member states or a short-term bridge loan. Member states privately admit none of them would be as significant or stable as the reparations loan.But the funding row is intensifying the pressure on European national budgets  where governments are unpopular and falling due to already having made social spending cuts  and it has become all too obvious that supporting Project Ukraine and an open-ended low level war with Russia means even more of the same. How long  for instance  can France effectively have no government as Macron refuses to call Parliamentary elections  which would confirm the popularity of the anti-war left and right?So since Putin cannot have his long-sought new European security architecture  perhaps a next-best would be a Europe so divided on what to do about Russia so as to be immobilized.So Russia has finally made clear that it can  quickly and with comparative ease  prostrate all of Ukraine. If anyone in senior positions in Ukraine was still in denial  this demonstration ought to have driven that fact home.One reason to keep pushing Ukraine to or over the brink is to force the government in Kiev to capitulate. Russia no doubt has a much better handle on the true state of top level cohesiveness than anyone in the chattering classes. But Zelensky may have too many diehard Banderites around him to do anything other than stay his present course or flee with key figures to set up a government in exile.A possible surgical use of Russia’s electricity war weapon would be to force the surrender of key Ukraine cities. For instance  Russia has yet to capture a city as large as either Dniepro or Zaporzhizhia; it deems the latter to be part of the Russian Federation. Russia could march forces up to the outskirts of one of these cities  and then announce it will deprive them of power unless and until they surrender. It could also have emergency supplies and transport at ready so as to support residents who chose to decamp rather than try to hold out. Russia could hone this approach on these Russia friendly cities  such as Kharkiv  and then if needed keep rolling westward.Again  this is an overly dynamic situation. Russia still has many  complex choices to make and tradoffs to weigh. But the end game is under way.,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,mixed,0.04,0.16,0.79,True,English,"['Electricity War', 'Russia', 'Choices', 'Ukraine', 'Brink', 'Pokrovsk', 'state transmission system operator Ukrenergo', 'other inclement winter-like conditions', 'important logistical hub', 'previous official ‘offensives', 'thousand cuts’ tactics', 'municipal water supply', 'giant drone swarms', 'same old trickle', 'natural gas production', 'Several Ukrainian officials', 'top energy expert', 'thermal power generation', 'regular power cuts', 'ninth massive attack', 'major mechanized assaults', 'key civilian infrastructure', 'latest electricity attacks', 'power system strikes', 'sewage system', 'gas infrastructure', 'key city', 'civilian cars', 'same time', 'energy infrastructure', 'major cities', 'major parts', 'energy sourcing', 'energy minister', 'energy company', 'power supplies', 'two power', 'electric power', 'power grid', 'electricity war', 'biggest use', 'ballistic missiles', 'single night', 'electrical grid', 'big encirclements', 'predictable orders', 'Russian maw', 'Sol Feiz', 'History Legends', 'battlefront decay', 'sudden breakthroughs', 'huge losses', 'past couple', 'secondary fronts', 'western Zaporozhye', 'main fronts', 'recent successes', 'outsize resources', 'accumulating breakthroughs', 'sudden collapse', 'recent surge', 'biggest campaigns', 'Avdeevka operations', 'trump card', 'The Guardian', 'day-later account', 'brave face', 'Russian attacks', 'generating capacity', 'Saturday night', 'four-year invasion', 'large part', 'early October', 'Oleksandr Kharchenko', 'media briefing', 'three days', 'technological disaster', 'Knowledgeable readers', 'big attack', 'big cities', 'backup plans', 'unusual’ behavior', 'repair crews', 'two missiles', 'heating outages', 'heating grid', 'heating plants', 'Ukraine officials', 'revealing fact', 'exorbitant cost', 'most regions', 'coming winter', 'stations', 'darkness', 'Pokrovsk', 'accounts', 'Putin', 'cauldron', 'capture', 'Mariupol', 'matter', 'practice', 'avenue', 'Zelensky', 'territory', 'material', 'Pokvrosk', 'IqV9Sdknoh', 'Feiozol', 'fall', 'Simplicius', 'overview', 'expense', 'string', 'instance', 'Orekhove', 'Shakhove', 'casualties', 'equipment', 'expendables', 'bikes', 'bukhankas', 'case', 'AFU', 'point', 'return', 'advent', 'rasputitsa', 'Bakhmut', 'ability', 'start', 'Dima', 'video', 'impact', 'lot', 'eight', '16 hours', 'Sunday', 'country', 'repairs', 'situation', 'Kyiv', 'Dnipropetrovsk', 'Donetsk', 'Kharkiv', 'Poltava', 'Chernihiv', 'Sumy', 'Experts', 'risk', 'weekend', 'Naftogaz', 'School', 'Economics', 'report', 'half', 'temperatures', '10C', 'capital', 'article', 'understanding', 'pipes', 'pumping', 'residents', 'Kiev', 'spots', 'furnaces', 'Simpilcius', 'November', 'double-taps', 'facility', 'people']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,nakedcapitalism.com
53635,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2025/11/russias-choices-as-it-brings-ukraine-to-the-brink-with-electricity-war-takes-pokvrosk.html,Russia’s Choices as It Brings Ukraine to the Brink with Electricity War  Takes Pokvrosk,Even with Russia's domination undeniable as its electricity attacks turn off power all over Ukraine  Russia still has complex choices to make.,Russia has just stepped up its electricity war  via making its biggest use of ballistic missiles in a single night of strikes on the electrical grid  focused on thermal power generation and knocking out all of those stations  plunging all of Ukraine’s major cities into darkness. Russia has also just captured the key city of Pokrovsk a critically important logistical hub. Per some accounts  Putin has ordered the cauldron to be closed  reportedly only the second time since the capture of Mariupol. As a matter of practice  Russia has generally instead created big encirclements but left an avenue out. That has worked particularly well in Ukraine give Zelensky’s predictable orders to hold territory at all cost. Ukraine keeps feeding men and material into a Russian maw.Pokvrosk has fallen .🇧🇬https://t.co/IqV9Sdknoh — Sol Feiz (@Feiozol) November 7  2025See History Legends from a few days ago for more on the fall of Pokrovsk. Last week  Simplicius gave an overview of the battlefront decay:The most revealing fact about Russia’s sudden breakthroughs on every front is that these do not appear to be coming at the expense of major mechanized assaults with huge losses as some of Russia’s previous official ‘offensives’ had done. Sure  there have been a string of mechanized assaults we’ve covered in the past couple weeks  but these have mostly come at secondary fronts; for instance  western Zaporozhye  around Orekhove  in Shakhove  north of Pokrovsk  etc. The main fronts discussed earlier all seem to be collapsing to the same old trickle and ‘thousand cuts’ tactics. Most importantly what this means is that Russia does not appear to be paying an exorbitant cost in casualties and equipment for these recent successes  other than expendables like bikes  civilian cars  bukhankas  etc. If this is truly the case  this bodes extremely badly for the AFU. It would mean a point of no return has been reached where Russia no longer has to expend outsize resources for these accumulating breakthroughs  which means they will only continue unabated. We don’t know for certain if this is the case; for instance  the fact that this sudden collapse of the AFU has corresponded precisely to the advent of rasputitsa and other inclement winter-like conditions could mean this has more to do with Russia’s recent surge. But as I’ve stated many times before  Russia has always had its biggest campaigns during the winter  wherein the Bakhmut and Avdeevka operations were carried out.However  Russia’s trump card has been and remains its ability to destroy or cripple Ukraine’s power supplies. The start of Dima’s video shows the day after impact of the latest electricity attacks….which in a lot of cases will extend beyond that:The Guardian has a day-later account trying to put a brave face on the power system strikes:Power will be cut for between eight and 16 hours across most regions of Ukraine on Sunday  state transmission system operator Ukrenergo has said  after Russian attacks targeting energy infrastructure reduced the country’s generating capacity to “zero”…. Ukrenergo has said repairs were carried out and energy sourcing diverted. While the situation had somewhat stabilised  regions including Kyiv  Dnipropetrovsk  Donetsk  Kharkiv  Poltava  Chernihiv and Sumy could continue to experience regular power cuts  Ukraine’s energy minister said on Saturday night… Experts have said the strikes on energy infrastructure put Ukraine at risk of heating outages before winter. Russia has targeted the power and heating grid throughout its almost four-year invasion  destroying a large part of the key civilian infrastructure. This weekend’s attack was the ninth massive attack on gas infrastructure since early October  Ukraine’s energy company Naftogaz said. Kyiv’s School of Economics estimated in a report that the attacks have shut down half of Ukraine’s natural gas production. Ukraine’s top energy expert  Oleksandr Kharchenko  told a media briefing Wednesday that if Kyiv’s two power and heating plants went offline for more than three days when temperatures fall below minus 10C  the capital would face a “technological disaster”.The article did not explain what “technological disaster” would amount to. But our understanding is the municipal water supply depend on electricity both to keep pipes from freezing and for pumping. Knowledgeable readers might also be able to describe the risks to the sewage system.And Ukraine officials were warning even before this big attack that residents of big cities like Kiev who depend on electric power for heating should make backup plans to decamp to spots with furnaces. From Simpilcius on November 2:At the same time  Russia’s strikes on Ukraine’s power grid have been the most determined they’ve ever been  with many noting ‘unusual’ behavior such as doing double-taps on repair crews and launching giant drone swarms on each facility  rather than simply one or two missiles. Several Ukrainian officials have already called for people to abandon Kiev as they warn it will be without heating for major parts of the coming winter.Ukraine’s main energy authority Ukrenergo:These developments suggest a new-found bloody-mindedness on the part of Russia  perhaps reflecting Russia’s recognition that the time is ripe for a decisive push. Another factor may be Trump’s shameless peace theatrics  of embarrassing Putin by calling him and springing the scheme of a “possibly Budapest” summit on the Russians  to which after a short period of regrouping  they agreed  and then going into Emily Litella “Never mind” mode.But Trump also retraded his earlier commitment  after the Alaska summit  to abandon his “ceasefire first” position. The Russians rejecting that  as they consistently had  was apparently the trigger for Trump scuppering the idea of another summit pronto. In two long interviews  Foreign Minister Lavrov has described how Witkoff came to Moscow for a >3 hour meeting with Putin and set forth a US proposal  which Putin agreed to discuss as the main menu item at the Alaska summit. Putin then in person with Trump went over the Witkoff terms in detail and Trump confirmed that they were indeed acceptable to the US. It is this very own Trump scheme that Trump has now repudiated. This brings the idea of “not agreement capable” to an entirely new level.Trump also seems to be back to buying Ukraine propaganda intel that Russia’s military and/or economy are gonna fall over soon  yes siree Bob:TRUMP DROPS C WORD FOR C WORD – Trump has again abandoned immediate CEASEFIRE and now expects CAPITULATION: “Sometimes people have to fight it out a little bit longer” https://t.co/EUoDk7CFp3 pic.twitter.com/KIOWRQN7xz — Dances_with_Bears (@bears_with) November 7  2025Lavrov has ritually said that Russia is still willing to work with the US on the Alaska “understandings”. The kinda-sorta face saver for Trump is that he apparently also represented to Putin that he could make Ukraine to accept this deal. Trump clearly has the means to do so. But he went TACO after press and official hysteria about the mere fact of the summit on US soil  and then meetings with Zelensky and EU officials shortly thereafter. But the message from the US is that it can do what it wants to and the other side should swallow that. So despite making obligatory US friendly-noises  it seems that Putin and others favoring a negotiated settlement can no longer pretend to themselves that there might be a resolution other than Russia imposing a military outcome.Perhaps things have changed  but Alexander Mercouris reported that Ukraine forces were ordered to move east to Myrnograd  which is rearranging deck chairs on this Titanic and assures their destruction or capture. Even though Western sources are set to minimize it  the capture of Pokrovsk is an inflection point. Russia now has the war for the Donbass in the clean-up phase  even though that will require more expenditure of lives and materiel to complete. Russia could choose to strike West through relatively thinly populated areas to the Dnieper  which would focus a lot of minds. But without knowing the Russia and Ukraine disposition of forces  as we’ll discuss soon  there are reasons for Russia to finish the job in the east and take the last  much less formidable fortified line at Sloviansk and Kramatorsk first.John Helmer  who has provided far and away the best accounts of the electricity war  confirms that the latest grid salvo reflects a Russian decision to pick up the tempo on this aspect of the war. Helmer’s sources contend that Russia could have ended the war much sooner with a sustained full bore attack on power sources and delivery  but Putin held that back for political reasons. Helmer does not unpack what they are  but we will make a stab at what ones are likely still operative. We’ll see that even with Russia more and more clearly getting the upper hand on the battlefield  that other considerations don’t clearly point all in one direction. We’ll discuss below how despite Russia just having given a stark preview of its ability to bring Ukraine to its knees quickly  Russia still has reasons to keep grinding out the war on the ground.But first to Helmer on the acceleration of the electricity war:Over the last three days the General Staff’s electric war strikes have continued to intensify on their targets and extend right across the Ukraine  with local utility companies announcing blackouts from Kharkov in the east to the western regions… Russian military analysts are well aware and are now reporting that since the electric war campaign first began in October 2022  the number of strikes has been limited in duration  firepower  and damage effected…. But not this time  military sources in Moscow believe. Some of the sources have claimed the General Staff did not have the capacities to fully implement the electric war in the first two years… Other sources believe the military resources  logistics pipeline  targeting intelligence  and weapons accuracy and survivability were not as available to the General Staff in October 2022… One source says that President Vladimir Putin imposed restrictions on the extent and duration of the campaign but gradually he has been persuaded to relax them… A source in a position to know says the restrictions on the electric war have been political  not military  and for the time being Putin appears to have lifted them. “I have a tough time believing that the General Staff did not have the intelligence  let alone the weapons accuracy and survivability necessary to prosecute the electric war from the start ” the source comments. “First…Information on the Ukrainian electrical generation  transmission  and distribution network was  and still is  widely available in open source. There is no way that the electrical or civil engineers employed by the General Staff could not know what to target and what firepower was necessary. In terms of weapons  the Russian forces had then  as they do now  stocks of cruise  ballistic  and other air-dropped weapons  not to mention sabotage capabilities  to destroy the critical Ukrainian electrical nodes. There are approximately 35 major Ukrainian substations…Looking at the data provided in these sources  the General Staff have had more than enough ordnance to take them all out. They didn’t. Moving forward from this line of thinking  I am curious to know why Ukrainian electrical laydowns [storage areas] and service vehicles have not been targeted. Are we to assume these could not be seen? This defies rudimentary understanding of enemy logistic and repair capabilities. Quite obviously  the delay to date in achieving the complete collapse of the Ukrainian grid was and is the product of political decision-making  not any lack of capability on the Russian military’s part.”Let’s go through some of those “political” considerations that still complicate Russia simply turning out the light and heat all over Ukraine:Not producing a humanitarian crisis. It’s hard to wage war without killing a lot of civilians but Russia has made an earnest attempt so far. The strongest evidence of Russia trying to spare bystanders is that Russia did not take destroy Ukraine internet  television  radio and cell phone facilities as soon as possible. Ukraine has gotten so used to getting easy handling that there was whinging about the loss of Internet services along with the big power outages.Some of the thorny related problems:With by some estimates half of the Ukraine population already having left  those that can’t leave (or even get to housing heated by furnace)  those who remain will skew to the elderly and infirm. Russia has managed to persuade its economic allies and the Global South that it is keeping to the high ground as much as possible given the givens. That could evaporate rapidly if power outages produce large scale deaths from cold and disease in Ukraine cities.Is Russia going to be able to provide enough in the way of relief operations quickly enough and on a large enough scale in winter conditions to prevent widespread hardship?Any of a food  water  or medical supplies crisis in a big Ukraine city could serve as a pretext for sending in troops from EU member states  allegedly to provide relief.“You broke it  you own it”. It is not clear that the Russian leadership has made a decision on how much of Ukraine  ex the oblasts it deems to be part of Russia  that it will need to occupy or otherwise put under friendlier management. As N/A pointed out:Also as I've said countless times. These two nations are very well integrated with each other. This isn't Germany or Britain or America. You would see a much more aggressive war against those than on Ukraine or Belarus or countries like that. Moldova as well https://t.co/97T0t8rv8W — N/A (@xLUHG333) November 8  2025I agree with Mark Sleboda’s case as to why Russia controlling all of Ukraine is Russia’s least bad option. But that does not mean Russia officials  who have a much more comprehensive view  will come to that conclusion. But Russian hard-liners favor that outcome  so it will get consideration.Reality is starting to regime and attitude-change some of Russia’s fierce opponents. Too many European leaders are still determined to Do Something to stop Russia from rolling into Paris. The problem is that even with their limited military means  they could still trigger a hot war  for instance  with their drone and balloon false flags justifying a confrontation  say in the Baltic. Since both the UK and France have nukes  they cannot be completely discounted as powers. Undue belligerence and persistent stupidity could produce very bad outcomes. And the US has not given a firm no to the idea of deploying the nuclear-capable Tomahawk missiles to Ukraine either.But Brussels again nixed seizing Russian frozen assets  since other states are not willing to indemnify its ginormous legal risk. And Slovakia has thrown another spanner  saying it will not back using the funds if they go to war-making.This row over cash is more central than it might seem  since both Europe and the US both labor under the delusion that if they throw enough money at the problem  weapons can be magicked into existence. But  quelle surprise  they can’t even come up with that! From Euronews:According to sources close to the discussions there’s growing concern in the Belgian government at the lack of alternative proposals from the European Commission to using frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine. The EU is pushing for a plan to use €140 billion in frozen Russian assets held at Belgian financial repository  Euroclear… The Commission is looking for ways to maintain Ukraine’s funding stable going into 2026 as the costs associated to the war mount without US support  which has declined since President Donald Trump took office… “To be frank  we are still waiting for the other options that the European Commission was meant to present  as agreed at the European Council” in October  they [Belgian sources] told Euronews… “You cannot take the best decision if you don’t have all options with its positive and negative sides”  said the source. If the plan fails  some options floated in formally include issuing joint debt  bilateral provisions from member states or a short-term bridge loan. Member states privately admit none of them would be as significant or stable as the reparations loan.But the funding row is intensifying the pressure on European national budgets  where governments are unpopular and falling due to already having made social spending cuts  and it has become all too obvious that supporting Project Ukraine and an open-ended low level war with Russia means even more of the same. How long  for instance  can France effectively have no government as Macron refuses to call Parliamentary elections  which would confirm the popularity of the anti-war left and right?So since Putin cannot have his long-sought new European security architecture  perhaps a next-best would be a Europe so divided on what to do about Russia so as to be immobilized.So Russia has finally made clear that it can  quickly and with comparative ease  prostrate all of Ukraine. If anyone in senior positions in Ukraine was still in denial  this demonstration ought to have driven that fact home.One reason to keep pushing Ukraine to or over the brink is to force the government in Kiev to capitulate. Russia no doubt has a much better handle on the true state of top level cohesiveness than anyone in the chattering classes. But Zelensky may have too many diehard Banderites around him to do anything other than stay his present course or flee with key figures to set up a government in exile.A possible surgical use of Russia’s electricity war weapon would be to force the surrender of key Ukraine cities. For instance  Russia has yet to capture a city as large as either Dniepro or Zaporzhizhia; it deems the latter to be part of the Russian Federation. Russia could march forces up to the outskirts of one of these cities  and then announce it will deprive them of power unless and until they surrender. It could also have emergency supplies and transport at ready so as to support residents who chose to decamp rather than try to hold out. Russia could hone this approach on these Russia friendly cities  such as Kharkiv  and then if needed keep rolling westward.Again  this is an overly dynamic situation. Russia still has many  complex choices to make and tradoffs to weigh. But the end game is under way.,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,mixed,0.04,0.16,0.79,True,English,"['Electricity War', 'Russia', 'Choices', 'Ukraine', 'Brink', 'Pokvrosk', 'state transmission system operator Ukrenergo', 'other inclement winter-like conditions', 'important logistical hub', 'previous official ‘offensives', 'thousand cuts’ tactics', 'municipal water supply', 'giant drone swarms', 'same old trickle', 'natural gas production', 'Several Ukrainian officials', 'top energy expert', 'thermal power generation', 'regular power cuts', 'ninth massive attack', 'major mechanized assaults', 'key civilian infrastructure', 'latest electricity attacks', 'power system strikes', 'sewage system', 'gas infrastructure', 'key city', 'civilian cars', 'same time', 'energy infrastructure', 'major cities', 'major parts', 'energy sourcing', 'energy minister', 'energy company', 'power supplies', 'two power', 'electric power', 'power grid', 'electricity war', 'biggest use', 'ballistic missiles', 'single night', 'electrical grid', 'big encirclements', 'predictable orders', 'Russian maw', 'Sol Feiz', 'History Legends', 'battlefront decay', 'sudden breakthroughs', 'huge losses', 'past couple', 'secondary fronts', 'western Zaporozhye', 'main fronts', 'recent successes', 'outsize resources', 'accumulating breakthroughs', 'sudden collapse', 'recent surge', 'biggest campaigns', 'Avdeevka operations', 'trump card', 'The Guardian', 'day-later account', 'brave face', 'Russian attacks', 'generating capacity', 'Saturday night', 'four-year invasion', 'large part', 'early October', 'Oleksandr Kharchenko', 'media briefing', 'three days', 'technological disaster', 'Knowledgeable readers', 'big attack', 'big cities', 'backup plans', 'unusual’ behavior', 'repair crews', 'two missiles', 'heating outages', 'heating grid', 'heating plants', 'Ukraine officials', 'revealing fact', 'exorbitant cost', 'most regions', 'coming winter', 'stations', 'darkness', 'Pokrovsk', 'accounts', 'Putin', 'cauldron', 'capture', 'Mariupol', 'matter', 'practice', 'avenue', 'Zelensky', 'territory', 'material', 'Pokvrosk', 'IqV9Sdknoh', 'Feiozol', 'fall', 'Simplicius', 'overview', 'expense', 'string', 'instance', 'Orekhove', 'Shakhove', 'casualties', 'equipment', 'expendables', 'bikes', 'bukhankas', 'case', 'AFU', 'point', 'return', 'advent', 'rasputitsa', 'Bakhmut', 'ability', 'start', 'Dima', 'video', 'impact', 'lot', 'eight', '16 hours', 'Sunday', 'country', 'repairs', 'situation', 'Kyiv', 'Dnipropetrovsk', 'Donetsk', 'Kharkiv', 'Poltava', 'Chernihiv', 'Sumy', 'Experts', 'risk', 'weekend', 'Naftogaz', 'School', 'Economics', 'report', 'half', 'temperatures', '10C', 'capital', 'article', 'understanding', 'pipes', 'pumping', 'residents', 'Kiev', 'spots', 'furnaces', 'Simpilcius', 'November', 'double-taps', 'facility', 'people']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,nakedcapitalism.com
53636,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://sputnikglobe.com/20251110/moscow-court-orders-belgiums-euroclear-bank-to-pay-85mln-to-russias-transneft-1123085133.html,Moscow Court Orders Belgium’s Euroclear Bank to Pay $85Mln to Russia’s Transneft,MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Moscow Arbitration Court has ordered Brussels-based Euroclear Bank to pay over $85 million to Russian oil pipeline company Transneft  according to court documents seen by Sputnik.,https://sputnikglobe.com/20251110/moscow-court-orders-belgiums-euroclear-bank-to-pay-85mln-to-russias-transneft-1123085133.htmlMoscow Court Orders Belgium’s Euroclear Bank to Pay $85Mln to Russia’s TransneftMoscow Court Orders Belgium’s Euroclear Bank to Pay $85Mln to Russia’s TransneftSputnik InternationalThe Moscow Arbitration Court has ordered Brussels-based Euroclear Bank to pay over $85 million to Russian oil pipeline company Transneft  according to court documents seen by Sputnik.2025-11-10T09:28+00002025-11-10T09:28+00002025-11-10T09:28+0000worldrussiabrusselstransneftmoscownational settlement depository (nsd)https://cdn1.img.sputnikglobe.com/img/15995/15/159951517_0:1:800:451_1920x0_80_0_0_baa7ff7443df789d9a89aecf24ec64e7.jpgThe lawsuit was filed in September 2024  with hearing held behind closed doors. Although the decision was issued in July  it has only recently become public that the court fully upheld the claim. The full court ruling has not yet been published  and the case details remain confidential. Russia’s Gazprombank and the National Settlement Depository (NSD) are third-party participants in the case. Based on the list of parties involved  the dispute appears to be related to securities owned by the plaintiff that were blocked by the defendant due to international sanctions. At a preliminary hearing in October 2024  the court granted the plaintiff’s request to conduct the proceedings in closed session  citing the risk of revealing commercial secrets if held openly. European sanctions imposed on the NSD in 2022 led to the freezing of funds and securities belonging to Russian clients held in Euroclear and Luxembourg's Clearstream  as well as related foreign bank accounts. Numerous Russian banks  companies and individuals have launched legal actions against Euroclear Bank and Clearstream Banking over the asset freezes. Transneft operates Russia’s main pipeline system  transporting oil and petroleum products domestically and internationally. Russia owns 78.55% of its ordinary shares through the Federal Agency for State Property Management  with the remaining 21.45% in preferred shares.https://sputnikglobe.com/20251108/energy-supplies-from-russia-to-hungary-fully-exempt-from-us-sanctions---orban-1123075840.htmlrussiabrusselsmoscowSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 602025Sputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Newsen_ENSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 601920 1080 true1920 1440 true1920 1920 trueSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Sputnik Internationalmoscow arbitration court  russian oil pipeline company transneft  belgium’s euroclear bank,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Moscow Court', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Belgium', 'Russia', 'Transneft', 'russian oil pipeline company transneft', 'related foreign bank accounts', 'The Moscow Arbitration Court', 'main pipeline system', 'Numerous Russian banks', 'national settlement depository', 'State Property Management', 'full court ruling', 'Brussels-based Euroclear Bank', 'Russian clients', 'Moscow Court', 'court documents', 'closed doors', 'third-party participants', 'closed session', 'commercial secrets', 'legal actions', 'asset freezes', 'petroleum products', 'ordinary shares', 'Federal Agency', 'preferred shares', 'Rossiya Segodnya', 'Sputnik International', 'international sanctions', 'European sanctions', 'case details', 'preliminary hearing', 'Clearstream Banking', 'world russia', 'sputnikglobe', 'moscow-court-orders', 'belgiums', '85mln', 'russias', 'nsd', 'cdn1.', 'baa7ff7443df789d9a89aecf24ec64e', 'lawsuit', 'September', 'decision', 'July', 'claim', 'Gazprombank', 'list', 'parties', 'dispute', 'securities', 'plaintiff', 'defendant', 'October', 'request', 'proceedings', 'risk', 'freezing', 'funds', 'Luxembourg', 'companies', 'individuals', 'energy-supplies', 'sputniknews', 'MIA']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,sputnikglobe.com
53637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.retailbankerinternational.com/news/tpg-bid-for-nexi-digital-banking/,TPG makes $1.16bn bid for Nexi’s digital banking solutions unit,Nexi has until mid-December to determine whether to proceed with the transaction  which was notified to its board earlier this week.,Nexi confirmed the receipt of an offer from TPG concerning certain assets within its digital banking solutions unit. Credit: Summit Art Creations/Shutterstock.com.TPG has submitted a binding offer of approximately €1bn ($1.16bn) for the digital banking solutions division of Italian payments technology (PayTech) company Nexi.The US-based alternative asset manager’s bid comes after several months of negotiations  reported Bloomberg  citing sources.Nexi’s board was notified about the proposal earlier in the week  and the company has until mid-December to determine whether to proceed with the transaction.The PayTech company confirmed it had received an offer from TPG concerning certain assets within its digital banking solutions unit.Nexi  in a statement  said: “With reference to today’s media reports  the Company clarifies that it has received from TPG an offer subject to several conditions for the acquisition of certain assets belonging to the Digital Banking Solutions business unit.“The Board has reserved its right to make any assessment.”GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic IntelligenceThis offer follows earlier discussions between Nexi and TPG  which began with a preliminary bid of around €800m ($925m) in March this year.Last year  Nexi also explored a potential €800m deal with Italian investment fund F2i  which did not materialise.Negotiations with TPG slowed in recent months due to resistance from some shareholders and concerns about the business unit’s strategic importance.Nexi  based in Milan and listed on Euronext Milan  has expanded through a series of acquisitions  including the 2020 purchase of Nordic payments company Nets.The payments sector faces increased pressure on profit margins  with Nexi’s market value declining by around 75% over the past four years  the report said.Recently  Nexi teamed up with Visa and Mastercard to integrate their money transfer platforms  Visa Direct and Mastercard Move  into its business services.This move aims to help Italian businesses transfer funds directly to customer payment cards  making Nexi the first provider in Italy to offer these services.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.52,0.48,0.0,True,English,"['digital banking solutions unit', '$1.16bn bid', 'TPG', 'Nexi', 'Digital Banking Solutions business unit', 'digital banking solutions division', 'digital banking solutions unit', 'US-based alternative asset manager', 'Summit Art Creations', 'potential €800m deal', 'past four years', 'money transfer platforms', 'customer payment cards', 'Italian investment fund', 'Italian payments technology', 'Nordic payments company', 'The PayTech company', 'GlobalData Strategic Intelligence', 'payments sector', 'Italian businesses', 'PayTech) company', 'business services', 'strategic importance', 'several months', 'media reports', 'several conditions', 'The Board', 'US Tariffs', 'policy changes', 'real-time data', 'expert analysis', 'earlier discussions', 'recent months', 'profit margins', 'market value', 'first provider', 'preliminary bid', 'Euronext Milan', 'Visa Direct', 'binding offer', 'Nexi', 'receipt', 'TPG', 'assets', 'Credit', 'Shutterstock', 'negotiations', 'Bloomberg', 'sources', 'proposal', 'week', 'mid-December', 'transaction', 'statement', 'reference', 'today', 'acquisition', 'right', 'assessment', 'guard', 'March', 'F2i', 'resistance', 'shareholders', 'concerns', 'series', '2020 purchase', 'Nets', 'pressure', 'Mastercard', 'move', 'funds', 'Italy']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,retailbankerinternational.com
53638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184300/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-the-progress-of-transactions-under-its-current-share-buyback-programme.html,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme  Amsterdam  10 November 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT:...,"Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programmeAmsterdam  10 November 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) hereby reports transaction details related to the first €750 million tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2025.From 3 November 2025 up to and including 7 November 2025 a total of 106 800 shares were repurchased on exchange at an average price of € 68.41. During the same period  97 519 shares were repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V..Up to and including 7 November 2025  a total of 7 605 330 shares were repurchased under the share buyback programme for a total consideration of € 544 888 632 (including shares repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.).Heineken N.V. publishes on a weekly basis  every Monday  an overview of the progress of the share buyback programme on its website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/share-information/share-buyback-programmeEnquiriesMedia Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Global Media Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['current share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Media Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'Chris Steyn Global Media Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'current share buyback programme', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V..', 'first €750 million tranche', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken N.V.', 'long-term brand investment', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Most recent information', 'buyback programs', 'Heineken® brand', 'transaction details', 'average price', 'same period', 'weekly basis', 'Senior Analyst', 'Regulatory information', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'total consideration', 'Better World', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Amsterdam', '10 November', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', '12 February', '3 November', '7 November', '106,800 shares', 'exchange', '97,519 shares', '7,605,330 shares', 'overview', 'website', 'theheinekencompany', 'share-buyback-programme', 'Enquiries', 'mail', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184202/0/en/GENFIT-Enters-Research-Collaboration-with-EVerZom-to-Advance-Exosome-based-Regenerative-Technology-in-ACLF.html,GENFIT Enters Research Collaboration with EVerZom to Advance Exosome-based Regenerative Technology in ACLF,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  November 10  2025 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  tod…,"EVerZom’s investigational drug candidate EViv  developed to treat ACLF  using its proprietary exosome platform  represents a novel approach to regenerative therapiesPending successful in vivo proof-of-concept results  GENFIT has an exclusive option to take a license to drive EViv into clinical developmentUnder this research collaboration  EVerZom will contribute exosome expertise with associated bioproduction platform  while GENFIT will spearhead preclinical evaluation of EVivLille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  November 10  2025 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announces a research collaboration with EVerZom to expand its Acute-On-Chronic Lier Failure (ACLF) research via exosome-based regenerative technology.GENFIT and EVerZom plan to run exploratory studies to assess efficacy for EViv in ACLF  with a clear decision point within 18 months on whether to advance into clinical development.Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT  commented: “Through this collaboration  GENFIT has exclusive rights to explore a novel mechanism of action supporting organ repair  complementing our existing programs G1090N  SRT-015 and CLM-022. Our shared objective is to rapidly generate proof-of-concept data to determine whether EViv confirms its potential for clinical development.”Drug candidate EViv leverages a proprietary exosome platform to bring an innovative regenerative therapy approach to ACLF. In the case of  and following  positive in vivo proof-of-concept results  GENFIT has an exclusive option to take an exclusive license in the field of liver disease to advance EViv into clinical development. The collaboration combines EVerZom’s exosome expertise with GENFIT’s leadership in ACLF  aiming to accelerate therapeutic progress.Jeanne Volatron  CEO and Co-founder of EVerZom  added: “As a pioneer in the exosome field  our goal is to push the boundaries of gene and cell therapies and open new avenues for regenerative medicine. ACLF is a highly relevant indication for positioning our candidate EViv and this collaboration with GENFIT marks the first partnership for EViv in this indication. With GENFIT’s proven track record in advancing therapies in emerging areas and expertise in ACLF  we see it as the ideal partner to accelerate preclinical development and move toward the clinical stage.”Exosomes are tiny biological vesicles (30 to 150 nanometers) naturally secreted by cells. They play a key role in intercellular communication  transporting proteins  messenger RNAs  and other functional biomolecules between cells. EVerZom leverages exosomes derived from mesenchymal stem cells  known for their regenerative and immunomodulatory properties. Compared to the cells themselves  exosomes offer numerous advantages: increased stability  reduced variability  enhanced patient safety  and simplified logistics (direct hospital storage and immediate availability).ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades.Today  GENFIT focuses on Acute on-chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and associated conditions such as acute decompensation (AD) and hepatic encephalopathy (HE). It develops therapeutic assets which have complementary mechanisms of action  selected to address key pathophysiological pathways. GENFIT also targets other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorders (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). Its R&D portfolio  covering several stages of development  ensures a constant news flow.GENFIT's expertise in developing high-potential molecules – from early to advanced pre-commercialization stages – culminated in 2024 with the accelerated approval of Iqirvo® (elafibranor) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in the United Kingdom for the treatment of Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Iqirvo® is now marketed in several countries.1Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® for the detection of Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis).GENFIT is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market2 and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comABOUT EVERZOMEVerZom is a French biotechnology company pioneering next-generation regenerative therapies based on mesenchymal stem-cell-derived exosomes. Its proprietary bioproduction platform enables high-yield  GMP-compliant exosome manufacturing and innovative formulation approaches that combine exosomes with biomaterials to enhance therapeutic efficacy and durability.For more information  visit: https://everzom.com/FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to statements the ability to rapidly generate proof-of-concept data to assess EViv’s potential within the next 18 months and the intention to take a license to move towards the clinical stage The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  “target”  “may”  “will”  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to non-clinical and pre-clinical programs  reproducibility of preclinical results  the translation of animal model data to human biology  in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  patient recruitment  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  pricing  approval and commercial success of elafibranor in the relevant jurisdictions  exchange rate fluctuations  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2024 Universal Registration Document filed on April 29  2025 (no. 25-0331) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2025 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  including the Half-Year Business and Financial Report at June 30  2025 or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTSGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comGENFIT | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comEVERZOM | MediaFlorence Portejoie – Press relations | Tel: + 33 6 07 76 82 83|fportejoie@fp2com.frGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Elafibranor is marketed and commercialized  notably in the U.S and Europe  by Ipsen under the trademark Iqirvo®2 On October 30 2025  GENFIT announced its intention to voluntarily delist its American Depositary Shares from The Nasdaq Global Select MarketAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['Exosome-based Regenerative Technology', 'Research Collaboration', 'GENFIT', 'EVerZom', 'ACLF', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market2', 'innovative regenerative therapy approach', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'other serious diseases', 'Chronic Lier Failure', 'clear decision point', 'existing programs G1090N', 'tiny biological vesicles', 'other functional biomolecules', 'direct hospital storage', 'solid scientific heritage', 'chronic Liver Failure', 'urea cycle disorders', 'R&D portfolio', 'constant news flow', 'U.S. Food', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'associated bioproduction platform', 'exosome-based regenerative technology', 'key pathophysiological pathways', 'advanced pre-commercialization stages', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'proprietary exosome platform', 'investigational drug candidate', 'French biotechnology company', 'liver disease research', 'Euronext regulated market', 'next-generation regenerative therapies', 'mesenchymal stem cells', 'Drug candidate EViv', 'novel approach', 'Drug Administration', 'regenerative medicine', 'key role', 'associated conditions', 'several stages', 'alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'mesenchymal stem-cell-derive', 'concept results', 'exclusive option', 'preclinical evaluation', 'United States', 'exploratory studies', 'Pascal Prigent', 'exclusive rights', 'novel mechanism', 'organ repair', 'shared objective', 'concept data', 'therapeutic progress', 'Jeanne Volatron', 'cell therapies', 'new avenues', 'first partnership', 'track record', 'advancing therapies', 'emerging areas', 'ideal partner', 'clinical stage', 'to 150 nanometers', 'intercellular communication', 'messenger RNAs', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'numerous advantages', 'patient safety', 'immediate availability', 'medical needs', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'therapeutic assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'accelerated approval', 'United Kingdom', 'several countries', 'diagnostic franchise', 'Compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'exosome expertise', 'exosome field', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical development', 'vivo proof', 'research collaboration', 'exclusive license', 'relevant indication', 'ACLF) research', 'acute decompensation', 'EVerZom', 'GENFIT', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'efficacy', '18 months', 'CEO', 'action', 'SRT', 'CLM', 'case', 'positive', 'leadership', 'founder', 'pioneer', 'goal', 'boundaries', 'Exosomes', 'proteins', 'stability', 'reduced', 'variability', 'simplified', 'logistics', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'early', 'Iqirvo®', 'elafibranor', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'MHRA', 'treatment', 'PBC', 'NIS2+®', 'detection', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'offices', 'Paris', 'USA', 'Ipsen', '8% stake', 'capital']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184197/0/en/GENFIT-Presents-Promising-New-Preclinical-Data-on-NTZ-G1090N-for-the-Treatment-of-ACLF-at-The-Liver-Meeting-2025.html,GENFIT Presents Promising New Preclinical Data on NTZ/G1090N for the Treatment of ACLF at The Liver Meeting® 2025,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  November 10  2025 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  tod…,"Preclinical studies demonstrated significant efficacy on systemic inflammation and organ function in ACLF disease modelsSafety data from Phase 1 on healthy volunteers and initial efficacy signals from ex-vivo functional assays expected by year-end 2025Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  November 10  2025 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today presents promising new preclinical data in ACLF at The Liver Meeting® 2025 with nitazoxanide (NTZ). GENFIT is advancing NTZ through a novel formulation  investigational drug G1090N  which serves as the cornerstone of our ACLF pipeline and reflects our commitment to addressing critical unmet needs in liver disease. G1090N was designed to optimize dose-response and permit sufficient dosing flexibility in patients with ACLF  who are known to have varying degrees of renal or hepatic impairment or failure.Dr. Jonel Trebicka  MD  PHD  Head of Department and Professor of Medicine  University of Münster  Germany  commented: “These preclinical findings demonstrate beneficial effects on systemic inflammation and organ failure in ACLF disease models and add to a growing body of evidence for this therapy. We eagerly await the upcoming safety data from G1090N in healthy volunteers  along with potential efficacy signals on key biomarkers from ex-vivo approaches. Positive results at the end of this year could pave the way to further clinical development.”ACLF presents as a syndrome defined by a combination of hepatic and extrahepatic organ dysfunctions and failures and a uniformly poor prognosis. In patients with liver cirrhosis and acute hepatic decompensation  ACLF can be triggered by a precipitating event (e.g. an infection) that leads to a progressive functional deterioration of multiple organs with high short-term mortality (23% to 74% mortality at 28 days1).Poster #4165 Efficacy of Nitazoxanide (NTZ) on systemic inflammation and organ function in disease models of acute-on-chronic liver failure (ACLF) when administered post-ACLF trigger highlights NTZ’s demonstrated efficacy on systemic inflammation and organ function in disease models of ACLF when administered post-ACLF trigger. NTZ was shown to reduce LPS-induced inflammatory cytokines levels both vitro and in vivo. Moreover  a rapid restoration of hepatic and renal functions was observed upon a single dose of NTZ administration in a disease model of ACLF.These preclinical findings further support the development of investigational drug G1090N as a new therapeutic approach for ACLF.A Phase 1 First-in-Human study in healthy volunteers is currently underway with safety data expected at the end of this year. Early signals of efficacy from ex-vivo functional assays are also expected at the same time.ENDABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. GENFIT has built up a diversified and rapidly expanding R&D portfolio of programs at various stages of development. The Company focuses on a broad spectrum of conditions that patients with ACLF (Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure) may experience  including Acute Decompensation (AD) or Hepatic Encephalopathy (HE)  with several assets based on complementary mechanisms of action using different routes of administration. GENFIT also targets other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). GENFIT's expertise in the development of high-potential molecules from early to advanced stages  and in pre-commercialization  was demonstrated in the accelerated approval of Iqirvo® (elafibranor) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  the European Medicines Agency and the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency in the UK for Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Iqirvo® is currently commercially launched in several countries.2 Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® in Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis). GENFIT is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market3 and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to statements related to GENFIT’s expectations regarding the availability of safety data from the ongoing Phase 1 study and initial efficacy signals from ex-vivo assays by year-end 2025; the potential initiation of a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study in the first half of 2026; the anticipated impact of positive results on the progression of clinical development; and the continued development of investigational drug G1090N as a new therapeutic approach for ACLF. The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  “target”  “may”  “will”  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  patient recruitment  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  pricing  approval and commercial success of elafibranor in the relevant jurisdictions  exchange rate fluctuations  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2024 Universal Registration Document filed on April 29  2025 (no. 25-0331) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2025 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTSGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comGENFIT | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Arroyo V et al.  Nat. Rev. Dis. Primers 2 (2016)2 Elafibranor is marketed and commercialized  notably in the U.S and Europe  by Ipsen under the trademark Iqirvo®3 On October 30  2025 GENFIT announced its intention to voluntary delist its American Depository Shares from The Nasdaq Global Select MarketAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.21,0.5,True,English,"['New Preclinical Data', 'The Liver Meeting', 'GENFIT', 'NTZ/G1090N', 'Treatment', 'ACLF', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'LPS-induced inflammatory cytokines levels', 'expanding R&D portfolio', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market3', 'promising new preclinical data', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'new therapeutic approach', 'other serious diseases', 'sufficient dosing flexibility', 'Dr. Jonel Trebicka', 'progressive functional deterioration', 'solid scientific heritage', 'urea cycle disorder', 'U.S. Food', 'Healthcare Regulatory Agency', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'The Liver Meeting', 'ex-vivo functional assays', 'critical unmet needs', 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'liver disease research', 'extrahepatic organ dysfunctions', 'chronic liver failure', 'upcoming safety data', 'high short-term mortality', 'European Medicines Agency', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Euronext regulated market', 'initial efficacy signals', 'investigational drug G1090N', 'potential efficacy signals', 'acute hepatic decompensation', 'ACLF disease models', 'Acute Decompensation', 'liver cirrhosis', 'ex-vivo approaches', 'Early signals', 'Preclinical studies', 'preclinical findings', 'medical needs', 'alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'organ failure', 'Drug Administration', 'organ function', 'significant efficacy', 'systemic inflammation', 'healthy volunteers', 'United States', 'varying degrees', 'Münster', 'beneficial effects', 'growing body', 'key biomarkers', 'Positive results', 'poor prognosis', 'precipitating event', 'multiple organs', 'Poster #4165 Efficacy', 'rapid restoration', 'single dose', 'Human study', 'same time', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'various stages', 'broad spectrum', 'several assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'different routes', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'advanced stages', 'accelerated approval', 'several countries', 'diagnostic franchise', 'Compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'hepatic impairment', 'Hepatic Encephalopathy', 'ACLF pipeline', 'ACLF trigger', 'renal functions', 'early to', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical development', 'NTZ administration', '74% mortality', '3% to', 'Phase', 'year-end', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'nitazoxanide', 'cornerstone', 'commitment', 'dose-response', 'MD', 'PHD', 'Head', 'Department', 'Professor', 'University', 'Germany', 'evidence', 'therapy', 'way', 'syndrome', 'combination', 'failures', 'infection', '28 days', 'pioneer', 'diversified', 'programs', 'conditions', 'action', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'expertise', 'commercialization', 'Iqirvo®', 'elafibranor', 'UK', 'PBC', 'therapies', 'NIS2+®', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'offices', 'Paris', 'USA', 'Ipsen', '8% stake', 'capital', 'meaning', 'respect', 'expectations', 'availability']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184806/0/en/FERRARI-N-V-PERIODIC-REPORT-ON-THE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  November 10  2025 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 360 million share buyback program announced on July 31  2025  as the eighth tranche of the multi-year shar…,Maranello (Italy)  November 10  2025 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 360 million share buyback program announced on July 31  2025  as the eighth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Eighth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 03/11/2025 13 100 344.2917 4 510 221.27 - - - - 13 100 344.2917 4 510 221.27 04/11/2025 8 000 340.3804 2 723 043.20 - - - - 8 000 340.3804 2 723 043.20 05/11/2025 7 300 353.6814 2 581 874.22 - - - - 7 300 353.6814 2 581 874.22 06/11/2025 14 000 352.6412 4 936 976.80 - - - - 14 000 352.6412 4 936 976.80 07/11/2025 10 555 352.0617 3 716 011.24 12 205 409.6465 4 999 735.53 4 324 656.63 22 760 353.2807 8 040 667.88 52 955348.751318 468 126.7312 205409.64654 999 735.534 324 656.6365 160349.797222 792 783.37Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Eighth Tranche till November 7  2025  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 235 346 953.75 for No. 622 729 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 53 417 506.56 (Euro 45 799 744.98*) for No. 120 643 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of November 7  2025  the Company held in treasury No. 16 417 667 common shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan  corresponding to 8.47% of the total issued common shares. Including the special voting shares  the Company held in treasury 8.98% of the total issued share capital.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until November 7  2025  the Company has purchased a total of 5 754 392 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 1 923 716 396.09.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs).For further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'Euro 360 million share buyback program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 622,729 common shares', 'No. 120,643 common shares', 'share capital', '417,667 common shares', 'share Consideration', 'treasury No.', 'eighth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Media Relations', 'total consideration', 'corporate website', 'Maranello', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'July', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'November', 'start', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'information', 'tel', 'Email', 'Attachment', '205', '5,75', '392']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53642,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184863/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 10 November 2025  17.45 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program......,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 10 November 2025  17.45 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 61 000 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 3 to 7 November 2025.Trade date Total shares purchased Average price (€) Min price (€) Max price (€) Buyback amount (€) 3/11/2025 10 000 61.70 61.30 63.10 616 999 4/11/2025 10 000 60.47 59.90 60.90 604 733 5/11/2025 12 000 58.21 57.85 59.80 698 545 6/11/2025 14 000 57.24 56.20 57.95 801 381 7/11/2025 15 000 57.30 56.90 58.00 859 452 TOTAL 61 000 58.71 56.20 63.10 3 581 110As a result of purchases made since the launch of the share buy-back program for up to 850 000 shares  Melexis now holds 567 491 treasury shares.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Trade date', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Max price', 'Buyback amount', '567,491 treasury shares', 'Total shares', '61,000 Melexis shares', '850,000 shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '10 November', '17.45 hrs', 'CET', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '7 November', 'result', 'launch', '3']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53643,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184214/0/en/Quadient-Maintains-Top-3-Position-Among-France-s-Leading-Horizontal-Software-Vendors-in-2025-EY-and-Numeum-Ranking.html,Quadient Maintains Top 3 Position Among France’s Leading Horizontal Software Vendors in 2025 EY and Numeum Ranking,Quadient has once again been recognized among the Top 3 French software publishers in the “Horizontal Solutions” category. ......,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  announced today that it has once again been recognized among the Top 3 French software publishers in the “Horizontal Solutions” category  according to the 15th edition of the EY and Numeum ranking. The company also secured the 17th position overall in the Top 250  reaffirming the strength of its growth and the consistent execution of its Elevate to 2030 strategic plan  which is centered on customer-driven innovation and long-term value creation.The EY and Numeum Top 250 report provides an annual overview of the French software industry's performance and key trends. In 2024  despite a cautious economic climate  the sector demonstrated resilience with a growth rate of 7.4%  reaching €23.1 billion in revenue. Within this landscape  software publishers generating over €100 million in revenue outperformed the broader market  including Quadient  demonstrating stronger resilience  supported by a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Comparatively  Quadient’s Digital Solutions recorded 7.7% organic growth in fiscal year 2024  including a 10.1% increase in the fourth quarter  driven by a 10.2% rise in subscription revenues.This year’s report also highlights a significant shift toward artificial intelligence (AI)  now the top strategic priority for 83% of companies  surpassing cybersecurity and cloud/SaaS  the leading focus area last year. The adoption of generative AI has accelerated significantly in recent months  with more than 60% of companies now integrating it into their offer  a 21-point increase compared to 2023.“I’m proud to see Quadient ranked once again in the Top 250 as a key player in the French tech landscape. This recognition reflects the strength of our transformation  driven by human-centric innovation design and a unified platform strategy ” said Geoffrey Godet  CEO of Quadient. “In 2025  we are continuing to advance our intelligent automation platform with AI-powered capabilities to help our customers simplify financial and communication workflows. These efforts are part of our commitment to delivering long-term value through sustainable and future-ready solutions.”In 2025  Quadient continues to strengthen its leadership in financial automation and digital compliance. In June  the company announced the acquisition of Serensia  a leading French e-invoicing platform  to enhance its ability to support its customers ahead of France’s mandatory e-invoicing rollout with scalable  certified solutions.Quadient also continues to be recognized by multiple analyst firms for its innovation and leadership in the digital space. It was recently confirmed by IDC as the number one leader in Customer Communications Management (CCM) for 2024  accounting for 11% of the global market shares. In addition  the company was named the Most Valuable Pioneer in the AI Maturity Matrix for CCM by QKS Group. This recognition highlights Quadient’s advanced use of AI across its intelligent CCM platform  supporting enhanced document processing  personalized customer journeys  and predictive analytics.To access the complete 2025 Top 250 report  go to Numeum’s website (French only).About Quadient®Quadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientGlobal Press Relations Manager+1 203-301-3673jscolaro@quadient.comKiley Ribordy  Walker SandsSenior PR Directorquadientpr@walkersands.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Leading Horizontal Software Vendors', 'Quadient Maintains', 'Top 3 Position', 'Numeum Ranking', 'France', '2025 EY', 'Senior PR Director quadientpr', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'Elevate to 2030 strategic plan', 'leading French e-invoicing platform', 'Top 3 French software publishers', 'French software industry', 'leading focus area', 'mandatory e-invoicing rollout', 'global automation platform', 'unified platform strategy', 'cautious economic climate', 'multiple analyst firms', 'Customer Communications Management', 'enhanced document processing', 'personalized customer journeys', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'intelligent automation platform', 'Horizontal Solutions” category', 'top strategic priority', 'French tech landscape', 'scalable, certified solutions', 'sustainable business connections', 'global market shares', 'long-term value creation', 'human-centric innovation design', 'intelligent CCM platform', 'complete 2025 Top 250 report', 'AI Maturity Matrix', 'Numeum Top 250 report', 'strategic acquisitions', 'broader market', 'future-ready solutions', 'Digital Solutions', 'financial automation', 'Euronext Paris', '15th edition', 'Numeum ranking', '17th position', 'consistent execution', 'customer-driven innovation', 'annual overview', 'key trends', 'fiscal year', 'fourth quarter', 'subscription revenues', 'significant shift', 'artificial intelligence', 'recent months', 'key player', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'AI-powered capabilities', 'communication workflows', 'one leader', 'QKS Group', 'advanced use', 'predictive analytics', 'physical channels', 'operational efficiency', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Kiley Ribordy', 'Walker Sands', 'growth rate', 'organic growth', 'digital compliance', 'digital space', 'growth journey', 'generative AI', 'Quadient shares', 'The EY', 'stronger resilience', '21-point increase', 'digital transformation', '10.1% increase', 'Quadient.', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'secure', 'company', 'strength', 'performance', 'sector', 'combination', '10.2% rise', 'companies', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud/SaaS', 'adoption', 'offer', 'recognition', 'CEO', 'customers', 'efforts', 'commitment', 'leadership', 'June', 'Serensia', 'ability', 'France', 'IDC', 'number', 'addition', 'website', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'Small', 'information', 'Contacts', 'jscolaro', 'walkersands', 'Attachment']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184841/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-declaration-of-the-number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-October-31-2025.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2025,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 10  2025                  Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of......,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 10  2025Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of October 31  2025Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2025  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 341 772 015Number of voting rights*: 2 013 588 275*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investor Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  370 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez : Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe / Déborah Cobbi+33 1 61 62 87 73 / +33 1 61 62 70 83arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com / deborah.cobbi@3ds.comAttachment,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'October', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Service', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Déborah Cobbi', 'Press Release', 'voting rights', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'E-mail address', 'human progress', 'virtual worlds', 'real life', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'outstanding shares', 'total number', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'November', 'Declaration', 'October', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'Investors', '3ds', 'catalyst', 'company', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', '370 000 customers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'deborah', 'Attachment', '1']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rte.ie/news/business/2025/1110/1543090-dalata-hotel-group-delists-from-dublin/,Dalata Hotel Group delists from Dublin Stock Exchange,Shares in Dalata Hotel Group will cease trading on the Dublin Stock Exchange today after its €1.4 billion sale to Scandinavian investors has now completed.,Shares in Dalata Hotel Group ceased trading on the Dublin Stock Exchange today after its €1.4 billion sale to Scandinavian investors has completed.The country's biggest hotel group is being bought by Pandox and Eiendomsspa.Dalata operates 56 hotels under the Maldron Hotel and Clayton Hotel brands  mostly in Ireland and the UK  and aims to open new hotels in Europe including in Berlin and Madrid.It launched a strategic review in March to explore options for enhancing shareholder value  including a potential sale.Dalata said it will retain its staff  management team and Dublin headquarters as it continues to expand as an international hotel group.Sweden-based Pandox specialises in the ownership  development and leasing of large hotel assets in major cities across Sweden and northern Europe.It has been expanding its portfolio through acquisitions and leases in key European cities including Stockholm  Berlin and Brussels and its portfolio consists of 163 hotel properties with about 36 000 rooms across 11 countries in Northern Europe.Eiendomsspar is one of the largest real estate owners in Norway and it owns 11 hotels in Norway  with another two hotels under construction. Eiendomsspar controls about 36% of the voting shares of Pandox.The closing of the sale marks another exit from the stock exchange in Dublin  which is operated by Euronext.Companies including Smurfit Kappa  CRH  Flutter Entertainment  DCC  Greencore and Datalex are among those that have left the Dublin Stock Exchange in recent years.Dalata  which was founded by former chief executive Pat McCann  confirmed that its shares will be delisted from Euronext Dublin and from the main market of the London Stock Exchange by 7am today.In August  the hotel group reported half year revenues of €306.5m  an increase of 1% on the €302.3m reported the same time last year. But its profit after tax sank by 45% to €19.6m from €35.8m on the back of Strategic Review related costs and an increase in non-cash accounting charges.The hotel group said its like for like revenue per available room (RevPAR) was o €109.78  down 2% on the same time last year  with its Dublin hotels outperforming the Dublin market.But it said the UK market has been more challenging  which impacted on its RevPAR performance there with a 3.5% reduction on last year.During the first half of the year  it completed the €83m acquisition of the Radisson Blu hotel on the Dublin Airport campus. The 229-bedroom property will be rebranded as a Clayton hotel next year.,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Dalata Hotel Group delists', 'Dublin Stock Exchange', 'former chief executive Pat McCann', 'largest real estate owners', 'Strategic Review related costs', 'cash accounting charges', 'large hotel assets', 'Radisson Blu hotel', 'key European cities', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Dublin Airport campus', 'biggest hotel group', 'international hotel group', 'Clayton Hotel brands', 'Dublin Stock Exchange', 'half year revenues', 'Dalata Hotel Group', 'Maldron Hotel', '163 hotel properties', 'major cities', 'first half', 'Dublin headquarters', 'Dublin market', 'Scandinavian investors', 'shareholder value', 'management team', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'recent years', 'main market', 'same time', 'available room', 'last year', '€83m acquisition', '229-bedroom property', 'Dublin hotels', 'Euronext Dublin', '€1.4 billion sale', 'potential sale', 'northern Europe', 'new hotels', 'two hotels', 'UK market', 'RevPAR performance', 'Sweden-based Pandox', 'voting shares', '56 hotels', '11 hotels', 'trading', 'country', 'Eiendomsspa', 'Ireland', 'Berlin', 'Madrid', 'March', 'options', 'staff', 'ownership', 'development', 'leasing', 'portfolio', 'acquisitions', 'leases', 'Stockholm', 'Brussels', '36,000 rooms', '11 countries', 'Norway', 'construction', 'closing', 'exit', 'Companies', 'CRH', 'DCC', 'Greencore', 'Datalex', '7am', 'August', 'increase', 'profit', 'tax', 'back', '3.5% reduction', '€30']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,rte.ie
53646,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184970/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 10 November 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 10 November 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 3 November to 7 November 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 22 May 2025.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-11-03 BUY 423 10.237116 4 330.30 XAMS 2025-11-03 SELL 1632 10.383272 16 945.50 XAMS 2025-11-04 BUY 606 9.984488 6 050.60 XAMS 2025-11-04 SELL 511 10.100391 5 161.30 XAMS 2025-11-05 BUY 100 9.950000 995.00 XAMS 2025-11-05 SELL 427 10.000000 4 270.00 XAMS 2025-11-06 BUY 444 9.838739 4 368.40 XAMS 2025-11-06 SELL 222 9.895495 2 196.80 XAMS 2025-11-07 BUY 1493 9.431916 14 081.85 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2025 results: 5 March 2026Investor Relationsinvestors@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comAbout Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include Content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  Live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and Online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2024  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4.8bn and €900m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'global entertainment leader', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'Live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2025 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', '30-year entrepreneur', 'Content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'BNJ NA', 'BNJ.AS', 'Banijay Gaming', 'Paris', '10 November', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '3 November', '7 November', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '22 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '5 March', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Attachment']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184864/0/en/Information-regarding-executed-transactions-within-the-framework-of-a-share-buyback-programme-outside-the-liquidity-agreement-3-to-7-November-2025.html,Information regarding executed transactions within the framework of a share buyback programme (outside the liquidity agreement) 3 to 7 November 2025,(In accordance with article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicab…,(In accordance with article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programmes and stabilisation measures)As announced on Thursday 30 October 2025  Ayvens started on Friday 31 October 2025  an ordinary share buyback programme for a maximum amount of EUR 360 million for the purpose of shares cancellation.Ayvens received all necessary authorisations from supervisory authorities. These buybacks are carried out in compliance with the conditions  notably regarding the maximum price  set forth by General Shareholders' Meeting held on 19 May 2025 and presented in the description released on 20 May 2025  as well as in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. They are performed on the trading platforms on which Ayvens shares are listed for trading or are traded  including the regulated market of Euronext Paris. The liquidity contract concluded with BNP Paribas Exane has also temporarily been suspended throughout the buyback period.Purchases performed from 3 November to 7 November 2025 are described below. As of 7 November  2025  Ayvens has completed 82.7% of its share buyback programme  representing 3.4%1 of its share capital.Issuer name: Ayvens SA – LEI 969500E7V019H9NP7427Reference of the financial instrument: ISIN FR0013258662Period: from 3 to 7 November 2025Purchases performed by Ayvens SA during the periodAggregated presentation by day and marketIssuer’s name Issuer’s code (LEI) Transaction date ISIN code Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of shares Value in EUR Market (MIC code) AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/11/2025 FR0013258662 185 900 11.45 2 128 571 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/11/2025 FR0013258662 105 200 11.46 1 205 518 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/11/2025 FR0013258662 14 950 11.46 171 271 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/11/2025 FR0013258662 16 950 11.46 194 207 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/11/2025 FR0013258662 25 462 962 10.80 274 999 990 XOFF AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/11/2025 FR0013258662 189 300 11.23 2 124 906 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/11/2025 FR0013258662 108 400 11.22 1 215 799 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/11/2025 FR0013258662 15 700 11.22 176 149 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/11/2025 FR0013258662 16 600 11.22 186 257 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/11/2025 FR0013258662 227 700 11.03 2 512 352 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/11/2025 FR0013258662 126 100 11.03 1 391 188 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/11/2025 FR0013258662 21 900 11.03 241 547 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/11/2025 FR0013258662 18 300 11.04 202 087 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/11/2025 FR0013258662 212 667 10.92 2 322 473 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/11/2025 FR0013258662 132 400 10.92 1 445 574 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/11/2025 FR0013258662 23 500 10.92 256 706 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/11/2025 FR0013258662 19 550 10.92 213 517 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/11/2025 FR0013258662 122 393 10.81 1 323 227 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/11/2025 FR0013258662 135 500 10.79 1 462 330 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/11/2025 FR0013258662 24 800 10.81 268 105 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/11/2025 FR0013258662 19 300 10.82 208 795 AQE TOTAL 27 200 072 10.821 Ratio between the number of shares repurchased and the 816 960 428 shares comprising the current share capital.About Ayvens Ayvens is a leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals.With more than 14 000 employees across 41 countries  3.2 million vehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet  we are in a unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: AYV). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comPress contact Elise BooréeCommunications DepartmentTel: +33 (0)6 25 01 24 16elise.booree@ayvens.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'liquidity agreement', 'Information', 'transactions', 'framework', '7 November', 'Elise Boorée Communications Department', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'largest multi-brand EV fleet', 'ordinary share buyback programme', 'regulatory technical standards', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'flexible subscription services', 'large international corporates', 'Societe Generale Group', 'Total daily volume', 'average purchase price', 'current share capital', 'Ayvens majority shareholder', 'XPAR AYVENS SA', '518 DXE AYVENS SA', '271 TQE AYVENS SA', 'XOFF AYVENS SA', '799 DXE AYVENS SA', '188 DXE AYVENS SA', '574 DXE AYVENS SA', 'AQE AYVENS SA', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ayvens Ayvens', 'fleet management', 'buyback programmes', 'mobility sector', 'maximum price', 'Daily weighted', 'Delegated Regulation', 'supplementing Regulation', 'buyback period', 'stabilisation measures', 'Thursday 30 October', 'Friday 31 October', 'maximum amount', 'necessary authorisations', 'supervisory authorities', 'Ayvens shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'financial instrument', 'Transaction date', 'multi-mobility solutions', 'private individuals', '3.2 million vehicles', 'unique position', 'digital transformation', 'Compartment A', 'Press contact', 'MIC code', 'shares cancellation', 'trading platforms', 'shares Value', 'ISIN code', 'Issuer name', '816,960,428 shares', 'accordance', 'article', 'conditions', 'purpose', 'buybacks', 'compliance', '19 May', 'description', '20 May', 'Purchases', '3 November', '7 November', 'LEI', 'Reference', 'presentation', 'number', 'FR0013258662', '1 Ratio', 'life', 'decades', 'SMEs', 'professionals', '14,000 employees', '41 countries', 'world', 'way', 'company', 'Ticker', 'Tel', 'booree', 'Attachment']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4129693.html,Emblems Collection  Accor’s new luxury brand  unveils a global portfolio of landmarks hotels,Emblems Collection  a new global portfolio of luxury hotels from Accor  announces six additional openings over the next two years  all celebrating character and timeless elegance.,Emblems Collection  a new global portfolio of luxury hotels from Accor  announces six additional openings over the next two years  all celebrating character and timeless elegance.When luxury embraces intimacyEach hotel in the Emblems Collection celebrates unique  character-rich properties that reflect the soul of their destination  from grand heritage mansions to contemporary architectural icons and serene nature retreats. Championing a philosophy of quiet luxury  Emblems Collection is made for the culturally curious and offers guests intimate  exclusive stays that blend thoughtful design  exceptional craftsmanship  and authentic ties to local heritage and landscape in the world's most captivating and distinctive places.Located in handpicked locations and in prime destination or amidst striking natural landscapes  these properties combine a distinctively charismatic allure with an elevated sense of intimacy and residential flair. Embracing individuality  it celebrates properties where the sense of place is central  service becomes an art  and every detail tells a story whilst aligning with the brand's philosophy – 'It's the Soul that makes Emblems'.Emblems Collection is built around the essence of understated  quiet luxury - where true elegance lies in a timeless sense of exclusivity and intimacy. We carefully select iconic properties and destinations that allow our guests to reconnect with themselves  far from the noise of everyday life. In a fast-paced world  we value privacy and tranquillity  offering sanctuaries where luxury isn't loud  but deeply felt. Each Emblems Collection hotel embodies authenticity  grace  and soul - because it's not just beauty that defines a place; it's the soul that makes it unforgettable. It's the soul that makes Emblems. Maud Bailly  CEO Sofitel Legend  Sofitel  MGallery and Emblems CollectionThe soul behind EmblemsAt the heart of Emblems Collection lies a distinctive art of living  a contemporary expression of luxury  defined by the soul of the destination and the soul of service  which together create its unique language and signature. Each Emblems Collection property tells the story of its destination through thoughtful details and sensory experiences.At every Emblems Collection hotel  a single Emblematic Ingredient is honored - a locally inspired essence chosen for its cultural resonance  its bond with the land  and its harmony with the planet. This ingredient becomes a golden thread  weaving through the guest experience: from immersive workshops and artisanal amenities to curated menus that pay homage to regional traditions. In each destination  it tells a story of taste and place - authentic  sustainable  and deeply rooted. From the crisp Wiltshire apple of England to the sun-drenched fig of Apulia  these ingredients reimagine culinary artistry with a refined sense of belonging.The Emblematic Ingredient also finds sweet expression in the brand's signature Travel Cake  crafted in collaboration with acclaimed Korean Chef Yun Eunyoung. Each creation is a journey in itself - seven timeless recipes  from Chestnut and Earl Grey to Marble and Matcha plus a unique recipe for each property  crafted around its emblematic ingredient - inviting guests to linger over delicate slices of tradition and artistry  whether savoured at breakfast or alongside an elegant  revisited Afternoon Tea.Within every Emblems property  literature finds a home of its own - a quiet sanctuary of words and wonder. Emblems Editions  a treasured literary collection  gathers novels  poems  essays  and letters excerpts from voices both timeless and new - each volume inspired by the soul of its setting. Thoughtfully composed to enrich the spirit  these works invite every guest to linger a little longer  to read  reflect  and weave themselves into the story of the place.At Emblems  the guardian of the soul of service is The Master of the House. From arrival to departure  this unique character offers an experience defined by grace and distinction  with every detail and gesture reflecting the elegance  intimacy  and spirit that define the Emblems Collection. Personifying the art of bespoke hospitality  the Master of the House delivers attentive and intuitive service before  during  and after each stay. A refined storyteller and gracious host  the Master of the House brings the property's unique character to life with authenticity  discretion  and a profound sense of personal connection.Expanding Across Continents: From Europe to CanadaFour properties are set to launch in 2026.Emblems Collection will expand its portfolio in 2026 with the debut of Rimrock Banff  Emblems Collection  in the majestic Canadian Rockies  following a full renovation. As the brand's first North American property  Rimrock Banff is set to redefine mountain luxury - offering a discreet and refined sanctuary where culture  wellness  and adventure converge. From its serene connection to the region's natural hot springs to experiences that celebrate Banff's alpine spirit and breathtaking vistas  the retreat will invite guests to discover a sense of place both elevated and elemental.Secondly  Masseria Furnirussi  Emblems Collection in the heart of Puglia  set within the largest fig orchard in Europe  will embrace the art of pure  unhurried living and offer an authentic celebration of Mediterranean craftsmanship and lifestyle. The Masseria reimagines traditional Salento architecture in local white stone  surrounded by a garden of fruit trees  herbs  and native botanicals  alongside a lagoon pool and a spa. The hotel will provide around 60 suites  featuring private pools and terraces.With a rich history steeped in centuries of art and architecture featuring original 19th century frescoes and located just steps from the famed Piazza del Campo in Siena  Palazzo Sozzini Malavolti  Emblems Collection  will join the collection later in 2026. It will offer 38 rooms  among which 27 suites  each blending modern comfort with Tuscany's timeless craftsmanship  along with a serene spa located within the building's converted WWII-era basement. Palazzo Sozzini Malavolti is one of legacy  a noble palazzo from the 15th and monument in the heart of Siena  whose uncovered stories of the past will shape its legacy for tomorrow.Near Perugia  the former Benedictine Convent Relais San Clemente  Emblems Collection - whose first stones were laid in the 11th century - will be reborn as a 51-key estate  accompanied by nine private villas  in an atmosphere attuned to the region's spiritual and natural rhythms. Set within a 5-hectare park of ancient trees  it is a sanctuary where silence  timeless design  and sacred heritage entwine  inviting a profound sense of harmony and reflection.These three Italian residences will be enhanced by The Purist Retreat & Spa  a holistic and sustainable wellness concept that embodies a promise of deep reconnection — to nature  and to oneself.In 2027  Elatos Resort  Emblems Collection  a luxurious eco wellness mountain retreat in Greece  is also set to launch as an enchanting year-round destination in a lesser-explored region of the ever-popular country. Nestled deep within the forest of Mount Parnassus  only two hours from Athens and on the gateway to the ancient site of Delphi  Elatos Resort is ideal for skiers  hikers and those in search of tranquillity and authentic wellness. It will feature 42 spacious private chalets  each with a private sauna as well as 15 rooms  all offering an elevated mountain escape shaped by the seasons  the land and the joy of togetherness.Emblems Collection will also introduce Bellevue Hotel Cortina d'Ampezzo  Emblems Collection  a captivating alpine hotspot in the Dolomites in Italy  taking wellness  dining and entertainment to new heights. The hotel will feature 80 luxurious rooms  including 27 suites with sweeping mountain views  and a 500-sqm spa with indoor and outdoor pools offering restorative rituals and treatments tailored to the modern alpinist.With seven flagships hotels already signed and announced across Europe and the Americas  and over 15 additional properties in advanced discussions across all continents  Emblems Collection is on track to encompass up to 60 remarkable addresses worldwide over the next decade.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['new luxury brand', 'Emblems Collection', 'global portfolio', 'landmarks hotels', 'Accor', 'Korean Chef Yun Eunyoung', 'first North American property', 'Each Emblems Collection hotel', 'Each Emblems Collection property', 'six additional openings', 'next two years', 'intimate, exclusive stays', 'striking natural landscapes', 'crisp Wiltshire apple', 'majestic Canadian Rockies', 'natural hot springs', 'grand heritage mansions', 'contemporary architectural icons', 'serene nature retreats', 'treasured literary collection', 'seven timeless recipes', 'new global portfolio', 'signature Travel Cake', 'single Emblematic Ingredient', 'understated, quiet luxury', 'unique, character-rich properties', 'The Emblematic Ingredient', 'local heritage', 'contemporary expression', 'serene connection', 'Emblems property', 'quiet sanctuary', 'unique language', 'unique recipe', 'timeless sense', 'Emblems Editions', 'timeless elegance', 'thoughtful design', 'exceptional craftsmanship', 'authentic ties', 'distinctive places', 'handpicked locations', 'charismatic allure', 'residential flair', 'Maud Bailly', 'thoughtful details', 'cultural resonance', 'golden thread', 'immersive workshops', 'artisanal amenities', 'regional traditions', 'sun-drenched fig', 'sweet expression', 'Earl Grey', 'delicate slices', 'elegant, revisited', 'Afternoon Tea', 'letters excerpts', 'bespoke hospitality', 'refined storyteller', 'gracious host', 'personal connection', 'full renovation', 'refined sanctuary', 'breathtaking vistas', 'unique character', 'elevated sense', 'iconic properties', 'refined sense', 'profound sense', 'Four properties', 'luxury hotels', 'mountain luxury', 'true elegance', 'Rimrock Banff', 'everyday life', 'Sofitel Legend', 'sensory experiences', 'culinary artistry', 'distinctive art', 'alpine spirit', 'intuitive service', 'prime destination', 'guest experience', 'Accor', 'intimacy', 'soul', 'philosophy', 'guests', 'blend', 'world', 'captivating', 'individuality', 'brand', 'essence', 'exclusivity', 'destinations', 'noise', 'paced', 'privacy', 'tranquillity', 'sanctuaries', 'authenticity', 'grace', 'beauty', 'CEO', 'MGallery', 'heart', 'living', 'bond', 'harmony', 'planet', 'menus', 'homage', 'taste', 'England', 'Apulia', 'ingredients', 'belonging', 'collaboration', 'acclaimed', 'creation', 'journey', 'Chestnut', 'Marble', 'Matcha', 'breakfast', 'literature', 'home', 'words', 'wonder', 'novels', 'poems', 'essays', 'voices', 'volume', 'setting', 'guardian', 'Master', 'House', 'arrival', 'departure', 'distinction', 'gesture', 'attentive', 'discretion', 'Continents', 'Europe', 'Canada', 'debut', 'discreet', 'culture', 'wellness', 'adventure']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,hospitalitynet.org
53649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/11/10/kingspan-maintains-profit-guidance-as-sales-grow-to-68bn/,Kingspan maintains profit guidance as sales grow to €6.8bn,Insulation giant is exploring partial flotation of data centre building unit Advnsys,"Kingspan group chief executive Gene Murtagh said in September the AI and data centre boom is a ""really enormous"" opportunity for Kingspan. Photograph: Naoise Culhane PhotographyKingspan said sales rose 8 per cent in the first nine months of the year to €6.8 billion as its advanced building systems unit Advnsys benefited from an “ever-increasing wave” of inquiries amid a boom in data centre development.In a trading update on Monday morning  the Dublin-listed group said it continues to explore a partial flotation of 25 per cent of Advnsys on the Euronext Amsterdam in the first quarter of 2026.Kingspan  which maintained its guidance for full-year profits at €950 million  announced the plan in September as it looks to capitalise on the artificial intelligence-related data centre boom.Sales at Advnsys  which delivers bespoke critical infrastructure primarily focused on data centres  ventilation  and daylighting  rose 10 per cent in the first nine months of the year  Kingspan said  and 6 per cent in the third quarter alone compared with the same period last year.“We are experiencing an ever-increasing wave of inbound inquiries and continue to roll out capacity as rapidly as possible to meet demand ” it said.The unit also completed the acquisition of Polish company Mercor’s ventilation and daylighting business in October  “extending” its presence in Europe  Kingspan added.Investors have cheered the plan to float 25 per cent of Advnsys  which initially lifted the Cavan-headquartered group’s shares as much as 13.5 per cent in late September.However  Kingspan’s share price  which advanced by more than 7 per cent in early trading on Monday following the update  is down more than 13 per cent over the past year.Overall  sales rose 8 per cent over the first nine months of the year to €6.8 billion and 6 per cent in the third quarter.Kingspan said this was primarily driven by acquisitions.Insulation sales rose 6 per cent in the third quarter compared with the same period last year  with activity in the Americas “slightly behind” last year  which was particularly strong.“A key contributor to sales growth during the period was the positive impact of acquisitions  notably Nordic Waterproofing  consolidated from October 2024 ” it said.Looking ahead  Kingspan said that while there are obvious challenges in its end markets  backlog is ahead year on year.“There is still some way to go in the current year  with much of the seasonally important fourth quarter remaining ” the group added.“We continue to expect to deliver a full year trading profit in the region of €950 million. Assuming our end-markets remain relatively stable  initiatives both executed and currently under way ought to support stronger overall trading profit growth in 2026.”",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.0,True,English,"['profit guidance', 'Kingspan', 'sales', 'stronger overall trading profit growth', 'artificial intelligence-related data centre boom', 'advanced building systems unit', 'full year trading profit', 'Kingspan group chief executive', 'data centre development', 'Naoise Culhane Photography', 'bespoke critical infrastructure', 'Polish company Mercor', 'first nine months', 'important fourth quarter', 'data centres', 'early trading', 'first quarter', 'sales growth', 'trading update', 'Dublin-listed group', 'Cavan-headquartered group', 'third quarter', 'Gene Murtagh', 'enormous"" opportunity', 'increasing wave', 'partial flotation', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'full-year profits', 'share price', 'key contributor', 'positive impact', 'Nordic Waterproofing', 'obvious challenges', 'end markets', '25 per cent', '13.5 per cent', '7 per cent', 'past year', 'current year', 'same period', 'Monday morning', 'inbound inquiries', 'daylighting business', 'Insulation sales', 'late September', '6 per', 'AI', 'Advnsys', 'guidance', 'plan', 'ventilation', 'capacity', 'demand', 'acquisition', 'October', 'presence', 'Europe', 'Investors', 'shares', 'activity', 'Americas', 'backlog', 'way', 'region', 'end-markets', 'initiatives']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,irishtimes.com
53650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184848/0/en/Weekly-report-share-buyback-from-November-3-to-November-7-2025.html,Weekly report share buyback from November 3 to November 7  2025,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from November 3  2025  to November 7  2025.,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from November 3  2025  to November 7  2025.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/3/2025 NL0014559478 7 852 35.902445 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/3/2025 NL0014559478 47 125 35.887329 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/3/2025 NL0014559478 6 843 35.911799 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/3/2025 NL0014559478 68 261 35.838323 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/4/2025 NL0014559478 7 980 35.554351 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/4/2025 NL0014559478 48 829 35.526061 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/4/2025 NL0014559478 7 381 35.531007 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/4/2025 NL0014559478 71 958 35.517188 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/5/2025 NL0014559478 8 145 35.795347 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/5/2025 NL0014559478 48 577 35.749290 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/5/2025 NL0014559478 7 318 35.729311 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/5/2025 NL0014559478 75 028 35.745059 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/6/2025 NL0014559478 8 399 35.435278 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/6/2025 NL0014559478 50 658 35.435728 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/6/2025 NL0014559478 8 014 35.421150 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/6/2025 NL0014559478 77 419 35.441136 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/7/2025 NL0014559478 8 506 34.650202 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/7/2025 NL0014559478 51 519 34.665838 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/7/2025 NL0014559478 8 095 34.669554 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/7/2025 NL0014559478 79 195 34.661057 XPAR TOTAL 697 102 35.432179For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.com.ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Weekly report share buyback', 'November', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Phillip Lindsay Vice-President', 'Technip Energies shares', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'complementary business segments', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'buyback program', 'discretionary mandate', 'Identity Day', 'Identity code', 'financial instrument', 'MIC Code', 'detailed declaration', 'engineering powerhouse', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'critical markets', 'Project Delivery', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'The Company', 'Investors relations', 'shares Market', 'shares purchases', 'detailed information', 'global technology', 'energy derivatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'November', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'issuer', 'number', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'own', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'development', 'decarbonization', 'circularity', 'Products', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', '745059', '650202']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/10/3184461/0/en/STMicroelectronics-announces-status-of-common-share-repurchase-program.html,STMicroelectronics announces status of common share repurchase program,STMicroelectronics announces status of common share repurchase program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from November 03  2025 to......,STMicroelectronics announces statusof common share repurchase programDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from November 03  2025 to November 07  2025AMSTERDAM – November 10  2025 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated June 21  2024. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 22  2024 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between November 03  2025 to November 07  2025 (the “Period”)  of 560 000 ordinary shares (equal to 0.06% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 20.7751 and for an overall price of EUR 11 634 070.50.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 3-Nov-25 115 000 21.3537 2 455 675.50 XPAR 4-Nov-25 120 000 20.7645 2 491 740.00 XPAR 5-Nov-25 100 000 20.5796 2 057 960.00 XPAR 6-Nov-25 100 000 20.8777 2 087 770.00 XPAR 7-Nov-25 125 000 20.3274 2 540 925.00 XPAR Total for Period 560 000 20.7751 11 634 070.50Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 21 227 824 treasury shares  which represents approximately 2.3% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are on track to be carbon neutral in all direct and indirect emissions (scopes 1 and 2)  product transportation  business travel  and employee commuting emissions (our scope 3 focus)  and to achieve our 100% renewable electricity sourcing goal by the end of 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Jérôme RamelEVP Corporate Development & Integrated External CommunicationTel: +41.22.929.59.20jerome.ramel@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['common share repurchase program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'status', '100% renewable electricity sourcing goal', 'Jérôme Ramel', 'common share repurchase program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'EVP Corporate Development', 'Integrated External Communication', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'employee commuting emissions', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'indirect emissions', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'product transportation', 'business travel', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '560,000 ordinary shares', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '21,227,824 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'status', 'Disclosure', 'November', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'track', 'scopes', 'focus', 'end', 'jerome', 'Attachment']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,globenewswire.com
53652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2025/11/10/athens-stock-exchange-strong-rebound-with-us-impetus-and-new-records/,Athens Stock Exchange: Strong rebound with US impetus and new records,PPC extends 16-year high  Aktor hits €9 for the first time since 2004  Viohalco sets new record – Standout performers among banksThe post Athens Stock Exchange: Strong rebound with US impetus and new records appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom November 10 05:54The Greek stock market staged an impressive banking-led rally today  reclaiming the key psychological barrier of 2 000 points and erasing losses from the previous two sessions. Athens followed the upbeat trend seen across global markets  as investors welcomed news of an agreement to avert a U.S. government shutdown.In Monday’s session (November 10)  the General Index advanced 28.62 points  or +1.44%  to close at 2 015.51 points  near its intraday high of 2 021.89 points. The day’s low was 1 998.62 points. The Athens Exchange is now up +1.02% for the month  bringing its year-to-date gains to +37.14%.Banks Lead the RallyThe banking sector spearheaded today’s advance  with the index rising more than 2%. Eurobank and Bank of Cyprus stood out  posting gains of up to 4%.Among blue chips  Aktor jumped 6% to reach €9  hitting its highest level since January 2004 on the back of renewed energy contracts. PPC climbed nearly 2%  extending its 16-year high to the strongest level since September 2009. Viohalco also surged 3%  closing at a new all-time high near €9.50.Scope Upgrade and Upcoming ResultsInvestor sentiment was further supported by Scope Ratings’ surprise upgrade of Greece’s outlook from “stable” to “positive”  maintaining the country’s rating at BBB. The move underscores continued confidence in Greece’s medium-term economic prospects. Fitch will conclude this year’s review cycle on November 14  with Greece currently rated BBB- and a positive outlook.Meanwhile  National Bank of Greece traded ex-dividend today  following the announcement of an interim payout of €0.221 per share gross (€0.21 net)  totaling €200 million  with payment set to begin on Friday  November 14.Listed companies continue to report third-quarter and nine-month results. Bank of Cyprus  Aegean  and Optima Bank are due to announce figures on Tuesday  November 11. On Thursday  November 13  OTE  HELLENiQ ENERGY  and Austriacard Holdings will follow.Next week’s schedule includes:Nov 17: ElvalHalcor  LavipharmElvalHalcor  Lavipharm Nov 18: PPC  Trade EstatesPPC  Trade Estates Nov 19: Motor Oil  Cenergy  QuestMotor Oil  Cenergy  Quest Nov 20: CrediaBank  Kri Kri  Ideal  Alpha Trust AndromedaCrediaBank  Kri Kri  Ideal  Alpha Trust Andromeda Nov 21: Premia PropertiesEuronext Adjusts Offer for ATHEXEuronext has submitted a request to Greece’s Capital Market Commission to amend its voluntary public exchange offer for ATHEX Group shares  lowering the minimum acceptance threshold from 67% to 50% plus one share of total voting rights. The change aims to facilitate completion of the transaction. The offer period remains open until November 17  with all other terms—including the exchange ratio of 20 ATHEX shares for 1 Euronext share—unchanged.Global Markets Lifted by U.S. Shutdown DealGlobal equities rallied after signs emerged of a deal to end the U.S. government shutdown. Senate Democrats eased their demands  paving the way for an agreement that would temporarily restore fiscal operations into early next year.Wall Street opened higher  with the Dow Jones up 0.4%  the S&P 500 gaining 1.2%  and the Nasdaq jumping 2%.In Europe  optimism over the U.S. developments sent markets higher. The Stoxx 600 rose 1.4%  Germany’s DAX climbed 1.7%  France’s CAC 40 added 1.3%  and the UK’s FTSE 100 advanced 0.9%.,neutral,0.25,0.75,0.0,positive,0.53,0.46,0.01,True,English,"['Athens Stock Exchange', 'Strong rebound', 'US impetus', 'new records', 'U.S. government shutdown', 'The Greek stock market', 'Scope Ratings’ surprise upgrade', 'U.S. Shutdown Deal', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'U.S. developments', 'Capital Market Commission', 'key psychological barrier', 'previous two sessions', 'medium-term economic prospects', 'Alpha Trust Andromeda', 'minimum acceptance threshold', 'total voting rights', 'impressive banking-led rally', 'The Athens Exchange', 'ATHEX Group shares', 'early next year', 'Quest Motor Oil', 'Scope Upgrade', 'S&P 500', 'exchange ratio', 'The Stoxx', 'Next week', '20 ATHEX shares', 'offer period', 'upbeat trend', 'intraday high', 'banking sector', 'blue chips', 'highest level', 'energy contracts', 'strongest level', 'Upcoming Results', 'Investor sentiment', 'continued confidence', 'review cycle', 'interim payout', 'share gross', 'Listed companies', 'nine-month results', 'HELLENiQ ENERGY', 'Austriacard Holdings', 'Trade Estates', 'Kri Kri', 'Premia Properties', 'one share', 'other terms', 'Global equities', 'Senate Democrats', 'fiscal operations', 'Wall Street', 'Dow Jones', 'global markets', 'General Index', 'date gains', 'positive outlook', 'National Bank', 'Optima Bank', '1 Euronext share', 'Newsroom', '2,000 points', 'losses', 'investors', 'agreement', 'Monday', 'November', '2,015.51 points', '2,021.89 points', '1,998.62 points', 'Banks', 'advance', 'Eurobank', 'Cyprus', 'Aktor', 'January', 'back', 'PPC', '16-year', 'September', 'Viohalco', 'Greece', 'country', 'BBB', 'move', 'Fitch', 'dividend', 'announcement', 'payment', 'Friday', 'third-quarter', 'Aegean', 'figures', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'OTE', 'schedule', 'ElvalHalcor', 'Lavipharm', 'Cenergy', 'CrediaBank', 'Ideal', 'request', 'completion', 'transaction', 'signs', 'demands', 'way', 'Nasdaq', 'Europe', 'optimism', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'France', 'CAC', 'UK', 'FTSE 100']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,en.protothema.gr
53653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2025/11/10/the-good-news-and-the-tough-ones-samaras-pasok-who-made-him-prime-minister-and-second-thoughts-the-new-businesses-supported-by-the-us-the-risk-of-exae/,The good news and the tough ones  Samaras  PASOK (who made him prime minister) and second thoughts  the new businesses supported by the US  the risk of EXAE,///The post The good news and the tough ones  Samaras  PASOK (who made him prime minister) and second thoughts  the new businesses supported by the US  the risk of EXAE appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom November 10 01:03-Hello  before moving on to current affairs  a note about the truly nice and absolutely “educational” institution of the Marathon  which  after all  takes place as an event worldwide. Okay  fine  closing the entire city center—and by extension the “suburbs” of Athens—on Sunday is understandable  but I think Saturday is pushing it. First of all  far more people are inconvenienced than those who enjoy it for a weekend  especially in a city like Athens  where the center is constantly shut down for the tiniest of reasons. Have you ever thought about how many times a year the center of Athens closes  whether it’s 30 people strolling down Amalias and Vassilissis Sofias  a few hundred students  or PAME protests  etc.? Then  besides the inconvenience  there are the downtown shops expecting to earn extra on Saturdays  and naturally  they have their point too. So isn’t closing the center for the whole weekend a bit much?From the good to the tough?-Let’s go back to everyday life  where from last Thursday until yesterday the government enjoyed—and rightly so—good publicity over the energy deals with the Americans (you’ll read more about the agreements below)  and I don’t know how much that resonates with ordinary folks or how much it “stirs up” business passions  but it’s obvious that “getting closer” with the Americans and the new system of the POTUS can only be good for Greece. Now I’m hearing that at some point in the coming days the OPEKEPE Case No. 2 file will arrive  though the information isn’t certain  since not even the Maximos Mansion has a clear picture of the exact timeline. That will be tricky again  because the file includes names of ministers. But let’s wait  because we’ve heard a lot already  and we’re keeping our expectations low.Samaras-As expected  Samaras’ “interview” had it all  but mostly endless venom for Mitsotakis. Hatred  passion  and rage—that’s its hallmark. And I put “interview” in quotes because if he wanted a proper interview on ANT1  he would’ve given it to one of the station’s good  experienced journalists to ask a tough or slightly awkward question. Anyway  the man has drama in his soul  so there’s not much to comment on. I can’t help but wonder why  in his mind in 2025  it’s bad that Mitsotakis “made ND something like PASOK under Simitis.” And is that really such a big blunder? Especially when the highlight of Samaras’ career was his premiership with Venizelos and PASOK. He governed for two years with the PASOK folks and still speaks sweetly of them  and rightly so—it’s his opinion. What bothered him about Mitsotakis’ opening to the center? Now  obviously  as the experienced politician he is  he knows that society hears a former ND president insulting the current one differently than seeing him as the leader of another party  so he’s probably thinking twice about whether to risk it or just coast along.Kyriakos present at the Hellenic Shipowners’ Association event-Kyriakos Mitsotakis will attend and give greetings tonight at an event by the Hellenic Shipowners’ Association at the Athens Conservatoire  honoring donors to its action plan for the restoration of flood-hit areas in Thessaly. The initiative  titled “Saint Nicholas – Hellenic Shipowners’ Association Action Plan for Thessaly ” is part of the Greek shipping community’s corporate social responsibility efforts  aimed at supporting affected communities through education  health  and culture initiatives. Donors and supporters of the plan  who played a decisive role in restoring flood-damaged areas in Thessaly  will be honored  confirming once again the social role and enduring contribution of shipping to Greek society. The Prime Minister’s presence goes beyond a formal ceremonial appearance—it reflects the steady recognition of shipping as a strategic national asset  with weight not only economically but also for Greece’s international image. In a period of heightened geoeconomic and energy challenges  the state-shipping relationship takes on a broader political dimension—as a point of coordination  responsibility  and outward-looking engagement.“Unlocking” strategic investments-Work seems to be underway in the strategic investment sector  and now after tourism the focus is also on industry. I hear that the responsible minister  Takis Theodorikakos  convenes this morning the relevant Interministerial Committee on Strategic Investments (DESE)  with three main agenda items. The first investment plan is AGET Heracles’ “Olympus Project ” budgeted at €99 million  and the second industrial project is the creation of a new production unit for insulation  resin floors  and mortars by NEOTEX in Magoula  with a budget of €21.5 million. Finally  in the tourism sector  on the table is a new 5-star hotel in Filiatra  Ithaca  with 60 beds  50 villas  etc. The project belongs to brothers Nikos and Panagiotis Tsakos of the company ATOKOS LTD.The message from KEDKE-ND maintains strong forces in local government  but at the KEDKE conference in Alexandroupolis cracks were visible. Mayors are complaining about the lack of resources they see  and given that many left on Saturday  the faction led by Haris Doukas took the opportunity to put forward a tough text against the government  which narrowly failed to pass. The text  titled “End the financial and institutional strangulation of municipalities ” received 89 votes against 92 from the faction of president Lazaros Kyrizoglou. The KKE had 10 votes opposing as well. The ratios are of course 70-30 in favor of Kyrizoglou’s “blue” faction  but a mix of dissatisfaction and laxity could have caused… an accident. Interestingly  mayors don’t personalize their frustration on Minister Livanios  with whom they always discuss matters and keep the door open.100 000 registrations-This past weekend ND held internal elections for the presidents of provincial and municipal organizations  as well as delegates. I hear registrations for the ballots are nearly 100 000  though in 2/3 of provinces there is only one candidate. The number is not trivial  considering the circumstances and stakes  and it’s also an important exercise in mobilizing the party machinery.PASOK announcements fall flat…-Well  PASOK doesn’t seem to think before issuing announcements. The party spokesperson went after Mitsotakis for not going to Parliament for the Thessaloniki measures  and of course spokesman Marinakis responded  noting that they had voted for the measures they had condemned two months ago  while also reminding that Spain  a socialist role model  had yet another month of higher food inflation than Greece. With this kind of strategy  it’s no wonder the needle is stuck.The new businesses of DFC: Supporting Goldair  a new port in Elefsina  Gonos Military Camp-Without fanfare  but with a clear strategy  the Development Finance Corporation (DFC)  the US government’s development bank  has begun to establish a multi-level presence in Greece. Wherever there’s energy  infrastructure  and geopolitical interest  the Americans are there—not just as spectators. After the $125 million financing of ONEX Elefsis Shipyards & Industries  DFC is preparing  together with Piraeus Bank  to participate in Goldair’s Thriasio Freight Center  while it has also “marked” the Greece-Cyprus-Israel electricity interconnection project  which sparked some chatter over the past couple of days  though the strength of their involvement cannot yet be assessed. At the same time  a letter of intent has been sent for the financing of the freight center at the former Gonos Military Camp in Thessaloniki  involving Goldair  Aktor  and Trade Estates. US interest is no coincidence: the goal is to counterbalance Chinese influence expressed through Cosco in Piraeus. The “counterweight” seems to be planned in Elefsina  with the creation of a new multi-use port (commercial and military) on 400 acres  next to the shipyards already controlled by ONEX with DFC support. Recently  according to well-informed sources  there have been contacts between DFC executives and Greek ministers  including Stavros Papastavrou and Vasilis Kikilias  aimed at promoting collaboration and opening the way for US participation in new energy and infrastructure projects. At the same time  particular activity has been noted around Atlantis See LNG Trade  the company that signed a twenty-year contract with Venture Global. According to the same sources  DFC is expected to participate not only financially but also with equity in the company  and its executives are reportedly being considered for board positions—an evolution that  if confirmed  would further strengthen the footprint of US presence on the domestic energy map. And here’s where it gets really interesting. As whispered in the corridors of Zappeion  where the transatlantic P-TEC conference took place  DFC is no longer limiting itself to projects but is also watching key companies in the sector from an equity angle. Not overtly  but methodically  with that characteristic American tactic of taking what it wants at the right moment  until one day you realize it’s already sitting at the decision-making table. Some speak of strategic interest in a well-known group active in infrastructure and beyond. Of course  these are just talks and rumors that time will reveal. If the deal is confirmed  DFC’s role in Greece moves to another level: from infrastructure investor to a balancing factor at the heart of the business map. The twenty-year LNG deal  Elefsina  Thriasio  and what follows are just the visible points of a larger American strategy unfolding step by step.EXAE: The arbitrage funds and the illusion of stabilityThis week  all eyes are on Euronext’s public offer  which expires Friday. Essentially  Greece is being asked to decide what it wants its stock exchange to be: part of a European network or an inward-looking market with its own problems. The answer—barring surprises—will be known in four days. Meanwhile  some shareholders believe that by holding onto their shares  they will be in a better position later. But anyone betting on EXAE’s independence should realize that the era of standalone national exchanges is over. There are uncertainties and risks regarding the public offer  and a serious danger for private shareholders is the game played by arbitrage funds  which control roughly 15% to 20% of EXAE shares. These funds have bought EXAE and are “shorting” Euronext  waiting for the transaction to complete. If the deal succeeds  they pocket their profits and exit. If it fails  they close their shorts at Euronext—easily  since the stock is liquid—and end up holding millions of EXAE shares they will need to sell. Who will buy EXAE shares in that case? We all know the answer  and in such a scenario  the price will drop violently to lower levels  with no visible prospect of recovery. The market has no memory  but it always has logic: when the fundamental scenario is disproved  the price adjusts—immediately and harshly.The Polish precedent-The market  in the EXAE case  easily and thoughtlessly overlooks that if the transaction completes  Euronext will provide technology  access to international capital  and a common platform. Some view the technology and shared platform as a threat or even blackmail. They seem more likely to believe EXAE can upgrade itself in an environment where European exchanges consolidate—that is  finance its survival with its own resources. They obviously ignore the Polish precedent. The Warsaw Stock Exchange avoided investing for years  keeping profit margins above 60%. Everyone was happy until it was time for an upgrade  and then margins shrank dramatically to 28%  while profitability fell almost in half. In EXAE’s case  the blow will be even greater because our market is smaller  capital flows are more volatile  and international supervision stricter. Because if this opportunity is lost  it won’t just be the deal lost  but the last chance for the Greek market to integrate into the European center of gravity.The €2 billion in the (NBG) treasury and the Gordian knot of exclusivity (for Piraeus Bank and NBG)-Impressive for its conservatism was NBG’s presentation on how it intends to deploy its surplus capital  measured at 500 basis points CET1  or roughly €2 billion: A.) Distributions to shareholders  exceeding 60%. B.) Gradual organic growth. C.) Participation in international syndicated loans. D.) Acquisition of regulated loans—which doesn’t move the needle much  although it should  since the SSM consistently opposes it. E.) What NBG calls “strategic flexibility ” including capital returns to shareholders  supplementary acquisitions (i.e.  smaller companies that support the parent’s operations)  and last but not least  as the Brits say  “acquisition or merger” that adds value. For this last item  the market is waiting to hear  but no clarifications exist yet. And there can’t be  until negotiations conclude. NBG’s management is holding talks with CVC and Piraeus Bank to end its exclusive cooperation with Ethniki Insurance—and these talks are still ongoing. Such bank-insurance collaborations carry exclusivity and strictness. These deals are not huge enough to be shared between two banks. Once negotiations with the insurers conclude  Piraeus Bank will have exclusive cooperation with Ethniki Insurance  and NBG an exclusive relationship with NN  Allianz  or whichever insurer it chooses.Synathlon Lab by… TEMES-A new company was founded last Friday  November 7. Its name is “Synathlon Lab Mon. I.K.E.” and it is based on Pentelis Street in P. Faliro  in the building housing the Konstantakopoulos family’s activities. The new company  clearly reflecting the interests of the powerful business family  starts with initial share capital of €2 000 000  divided into 200 000 nominal shares  €10 each. The funds come from “Charlie Ventures Holdings ” founded by Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos in March 2020. The purpose of Synathlon Lab includes many things  but its main focus is organizing rally events. This includes the organization  management  promotion  and exploitation of sporting events  competitions  and activities of all kinds domestically and abroad  particularly motor sports events—speed  precision  or skill competitions  as well as contests  training  tests  and demonstrations with vehicles  car and motorcycle rallies  road races  cycling races  and other competitions  motorized or otherwise. Also included is the provision of all kinds of sports services  such as technical organization  safety  timing  infrastructure management  participant or spectator support  and advisory services to organizers  authorities  and participants to ensure smooth execution of sporting events  particularly motor sports  domestically and abroad. The company’s purpose also covers marketing  PR  brand management  and promotion related to sports events  especially motor sports. Further  acquisition  exploitation  management  repair  maintenance  and sale of motor vehicles  including racing vehicles and related equipment. The first board of Synathlon Lab includes Sotirios Kyranakos as Chairman  and Konstantinos Zacharatos and Apostolia Kotroni as members.Instacar sees €35 million turnover-Founded in 2019 in the car rental market as a startup  Instacar attracted investors such as Olympia Group (Panos Germanos)  Autohellas (Vasilakis Group)  and Velocity Partners  raising almost €60 million in funding rounds to date. Instacar  which published its 2024 financials  reported consolidated revenues of €22.9 million  up 73% from €13.2 million in 2023. EBITDA reached €12 million  up 92% from €6.25 million the previous year  giving a very high EBITDA margin of 52% (from 47% in 2023)  while EBIT reached €3.86 million (+177%). Net losses were €618 000.-In 2024  the company achieved positive operating cash flow (€2.5 million) but increased debt to €24.6 million. Working capital at year-end was negative  though €9 million in bank financing and €3.5 million in shareholder deposits have already been secured. Management is planning a capital increase to strengthen equity. Instacar also aims to launch new tech solutions  including a one-stop app  targeting a strong position in mobility  with a 2025 revenue goal of €35 million.The market struggles but isn’t worried-Traditionally  November is a good month for the Stock Exchange  in contrast to the previous September-October period  which historically delivers negative signals. The first week of November started in the red  but that doesn’t erase the gains of +35.19% for the General Index since the beginning of the year  +40.31% for the FTSE 25  and +71.39% for the Banking Index. Now  as banks prepare to pay dividends and pre-dividends (today  National Bank cuts a pre-dividend of €0.219 per share)  DEI  the VIOHALCO group  along with 3E and Titan  have taken on the task of supporting the General Index in its effort to reclaim and maintain the 2 000-point stronghold it temporarily lost. This week is colored by the public offering for Lamda Development’s corporate bond  aiming to raise up to €500 million and list the bonds on the Main Market of the ASE.New peaks for DEI  Motor Oil’s comeback-DEI keeps its distance from the negative mood in the domestic market  as the stock hasn’t fallen in November. Although it has surpassed €16 intraday before  it closed above this milestone last Friday for the first time in 16 years. It stopped at €16.13  with the next highest close recorded on September 1  2009  at €16.62. DEI’s performance this year exceeds 30%  and its market capitalization approaches €6 billion.-Motor Oil has been taking small “steps” upward recently  more than compensating for any losses along the way. As a result  its share has climbed above €26.7  within striking distance of the year’s high of €27. Its 2025 return reaches 29.55%  approaching a valuation of €3 billion. A positive catalyst is the Board’s decision to distribute an interim dividend of €0.35 per share for this fiscal year. The ex-dividend date is set for December 23  with payment following on January 5. Goldman Sachs sees a strong outlook for the group’s Q3 results  to be announced Wednesday  November 19  maintaining a price target of €28. Piraeus Securities has upgraded the target price to €30.5 from €29.8 previously.Tomorrow’s Investor Day for TITAN-With record operating profit of €474 million and a treasury full of cash  TITAN Group holds its Investor Day tomorrow. Free cash flow exceeded €307 million (compared to €275 million last year)  while net debt fell by half to €302 million from €622 million in December 2024. Recently  Fitch upgraded TITAN’s credit rating to BB+ with a positive outlook  which management quickly leveraged by announcing a new €10 million share buyback program  despite already holding more than 5% of its shares. This concentration of treasury shares has sparked discussion and speculation about placements or strategic alliances. Analysts expect to hear about this long-term strategy tomorrow  while the Group has comfortably surpassed a market capitalization of €3.1 billion despite turbulence on the Athens Stock Exchange.The top performer on the Greek Stock Exchange-Four years ago  ILYDA was a small IT company with €4.3 million in revenue and €430 000 in net profit. Its CEO  Vasilis Anyfantakis  a well-connected businessman from Crete  led ILYDA with zero debt to undertake significant public and private projects  leveraging EU and state subsidies. In 2024  the company reached €7.1 million in revenue and €3.8 million in net profit—a 65% increase in revenue and 788% in net profit over three years. At the start of 2025  it decided to inject additional liquidity into the stock via a share capital increase with free share distribution (1 new share for every 2 old ones). So far this year  ILYDA is the absolute champion in Athens Stock Exchange returns (+301%)  trading at €5.34/share  with a market value of €75.3 million.How many Greek companies use Artificial Intelligence in production?-The European Investment Bank (EIB) conducted a large pan-European survey to assess AI adoption in production. In Finland  66% of businesses use AI  58% in Denmark  and 55% in the Netherlands. EIB’s 2025 survey shows only 19% of Greek companies use generative AI  placing the country last among 27 EU member states. Even countries with a similar economic profile  like Portugal and Croatia  exceed Greece with 24% and 22% respectively. With thousands of very small enterprises  Greece seems to have limited access to capital for digital transformation. At the same time  the focus on traditional sectors—tourism  shipping  retail—doesn’t create the pressure for rapid digital upgrade seen in industrial economies. Available European funds for digital transformation are absorbed slowly  while regulatory uncertainty and bureaucracy hinder pilot initiatives. European competitors automate processes  improve productivity  and develop new products with AI. Greek companies lag behind.The party at Hard Rock Café-Lots of people and several celebrities honored Michalis Karloutsos  President of Hard Rock in Greece  at his name day party at Hard Rock Cafe in Monastiraki. Sakis Rouvas and Antonis Remos appeared  along with politicians and businesspeople. The evening’s musical backdrop was provided by a street band  Hermaphrodites Child  discovered by Karloutsos while playing on Ermou Street. Karloutsos spoke particularly of his son Stelios (“Stevie”)  though the event had a bigger backdrop: the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Athens being built at Elliniko.Where Trump’s 50-year mortgages lead-President Trump announced Saturday the introduction of 50-year home loans  with the head of the Federal Housing Finance Agency  Bill Pulte  confirming the government is working on this “game changer” proposal. Trump naturally compared this initiative to President Roosevelt’s “revolution” with the introduction of the 30-year mortgage. Essentially  a $400 000 loan at 6.575% (current US mortgage rates) lowers the monthly payment from $2 038 (30 years) to $1 822 (50 years)—just $216 less. The real savings percentage decreases as the term lengthens  with the difference between 40- and 50-year loans only $69. Naturally  the total loan cost skyrockets. Today in the US  the average homebuyer spends almost 38% of monthly income on loan payments  according to Redfin. In any case  for Trump’s initiative for the next generation to be implemented  Congressional approval is required  as the Dodd-Frank Act from the 2008 crisis still limits “Qualified Mortgages” to 30 years.,neutral,0.09,0.57,0.34,mixed,0.14,0.25,0.61,True,English,"['good news', 'second thoughts', 'new businesses', 'Samaras', 'PASOK', 'risk', 'EXAE', 'Hellenic Shipowners’ Association Action Plan', 'three main agenda items', 'OPEKEPE Case No. 2 file', 'Hellenic Shipowners’ Association event', 'corporate social responsibility efforts', 'formal ceremonial appearance', 'broader political dimension', 'relevant Interministerial Committee', 'first investment plan', 'strategic national asset', 'new production unit', 'new 5-star hotel', 'former ND president', 'The Prime Minister', 'strategic investment sector', 'second industrial project', 'good, experienced journalists', 'Greek shipping community', 'entire city center', 'social role', 'new system', 'Strategic Investments', 'ND something', 'experienced politician', 'responsible minister', 'current affairs', 'educational” institution', 'Vassilissis Sofias', 'hundred students', 'PAME protests', 'downtown shops', 'everyday life', 'last Thursday', 'good publicity', 'energy deals', 'ordinary folks', 'business passions', 'coming days', 'Maximos Mansion', 'clear picture', 'exact timeline', 'endless venom', 'awkward question', 'big blunder', 'two years', 'current one', 'flood-hit areas', 'Saint Nicholas', 'affected communities', 'culture initiatives', 'decisive role', 'flood-damaged areas', 'enduring contribution', 'Greek society', 'steady recognition', 'international image', 'energy challenges', 'state-shipping relationship', 'outward-looking engagement', 'Takis Theodorikakos', 'Olympus Project', 'resin floors', 'tourism sector', 'brothers Nikos', 'Panagiotis Tsakos', 'ATOKOS LTD', 'strong forces', 'Alexandroupolis cracks', 'proper interview', 'Samaras’ career', 'local government', 'KEDKE conference', 'Samaras’ “interview', 'PASOK folks', 'Athens Conservatoire', 'Kyriakos Mitsotakis', 'Newsroom', 'note', 'nice', 'Marathon', 'place', 'extension', 'suburbs', 'Sunday', 'Saturday', 'people', 'weekend', 'tiniest', 'reasons', 'Amalias', 'inconvenience', 'point', 'tough', 'yesterday', 'Americans', 'agreements', 'POTUS', 'Greece', 'information', 'names', 'ministers', 'lot', 'expectations', 'Hatred', 'rage', 'hallmark', 'quotes', 'station', 'drama', 'soul', 'mind', 'Simitis', 'highlight', 'premiership', 'Venizelos', 'opinion', 'opening', 'leader', 'party', 'greetings', 'donors', 'restoration', 'Thessaly', 'health', 'supporters', 'presence', 'weight', 'period', 'geoeconomic', 'coordination', 'Work', 'focus', 'industry', 'DESE', 'creation', 'insulation', 'mortars', 'NEOTEX', 'Magoula', 'budget', 'table', 'Filiatra', 'Ithaca', '60 beds', '50 villas', 'company', 'message', 'Mayors', 'lack']",2025-11-10,2025-11-11,en.protothema.gr
