UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
51495,Euroclear,Bing API,https://eadaily.com/en/news/2025/06/25/london-will-buy-missiles-for-kiev-at-the-expense-of-frozen-russian-assets,London will buy missiles for Kiev at the expense of frozen Russian assets — EADaily  June 25th  2025 — Politics  Ukraine,The UK will transfer 350 of the latest air defense missiles to Ukraine using £ 70 million (about $ 95.4 million) received as profits from frozen Russian assets under the Extraordinary Revenue Acceleration for Ukraine (ERA) emergency lending program of the G7 countries.,"The UK will transfer 350 of the latest air defense missiles to Ukraine using £ 70 million (about $ 95.4 million) received as profits from frozen Russian assets under the Extraordinary Revenue Acceleration for Ukraine (ERA) emergency lending program of the G7 countries.British Prime Minister Keir Starmer announced a new aid package before the NATO summit  The Guardian reports.""We consider it right to use the seized Russian assets to strengthen Ukraine's air defense. Ukraine's security is vital to our own "" he said.The newspaper notes that this is the first time that Britain has used ""Russian-linked"" assets to finance arms supplies to Ukraine. London will send Asraam missiles  originally designed as air-to-air missiles and upgraded in three months for ground launch. This package is part of a broader initiative of military assistance to Ukraine in the amount of £ 4.5 billion (more than $ 6 billion)  writes the Guardian.After the start of the military operation on Western countries have blocked about $300 billion of Russian assets in Ukraine. More than a third of them are in the Belgian depository Euroclear. USA  EU and The UK sent several tranches to Ukraine as part of a $ 50 billion loan  which is planned to be repaid at the expense of income from frozen assets of Russia.According to The Times  about £26 billion ($ 35.4 billion) of assets of the Russian Central Bank and £18 billion ($ 24.5 billion) of assets of persons under sanctions have been frozen in Britain.The UK is one of the key suppliers of military assistance to Ukraine. According to the Kiel Institute  since the beginning of the conflict  London has spent € 10.36 billion ($ 11.8 billion) to support Kiev. In March  Starmer announced that Britain would allocate £ 1.6 billion (about $ 2.2 billion) for the purchase of 5 thousand air defense missiles by Ukraine.In early June  the British Ministry of Defense announced plans to deliver 100 000 drones to Kiev by April 2026  spending £ 350 million ($ 476 million) on it.Moscow condemns military aid to Kiev. Russia also warned that it would consider any actions with its foreign assets to be theft and would respond to this.",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.0,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'June 25th', 'London', 'missiles', 'Kiev', 'expense', 'EADaily', 'Politics', 'Ukraine', 'British Prime Minister Keir Starmer', 'latest air defense missiles', '5 thousand air defense missiles', 'Extraordinary Revenue Acceleration', 'Belgian depository Euroclear', 'Russian Central Bank', 'new aid package', 'air missiles', 'British Ministry', 'Asraam missiles', 'military aid', 'The UK', 'Russian assets', 'G7 countries', 'NATO summit', 'first time', 'arms supplies', 'three months', 'ground launch', 'broader initiative', 'military assistance', 'military operation', 'Western countries', 'a third', 'several tranches', '$ 50 billion loan', 'The Times', 'key suppliers', 'Kiel Institute', 'early June', 'Russian-linked"" assets', 'frozen assets', 'foreign assets', 'The Guardian', 'Ukraine', 'profits', 'security', 'newspaper', 'Britain', 'London', 'part', 'amount', 'start', 'expense', 'income', 'persons', 'sanctions', 'beginning', 'conflict', 'Kiev', 'March', 'purchase', 'plans', '100,000 drones', 'April', 'Moscow', 'actions']",2025-06-25,2025-06-25,eadaily.com
51496,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0326809,Analysis of global stock market development—Integration of clustering  classification  and shapley values,This study aims to analyze the development of global stock exchanges by integrating clustering  classification  and Shapley Values to identify growth patterns and understand the differences in market characteristics and dynamics. The research applies the K-me…,This study aims to analyze the development of global stock exchanges by integrating clustering  classification  and Shapley Values to identify growth patterns and understand the differences in market characteristics and dynamics. The research applies the K-means algorithm for clustering  which enables the segmentation of exchanges based on their similarities. This is followed by using the random forest algorithm to classify these clusters and evaluate the importance of various features. Shapley Values are employed to interpret the contribution of individual variables to the model’s predictions  considering all possible combinations of features. The empirical analysis is based on data from 82 stock exchanges worldwide  sourced from organizations such as the World Federation of Exchanges and the International Monetary Fund. Key variables used include market capitalization  trading value  the number of listed companies  and share turnover velocity. The results highlight the significant heterogeneity among exchanges  with major markets like those in China and the United States forming distinct clusters due to their size  capitalization  and high trading activity. This distinction underscores their dominant position in the global financial landscape. Moreover  exchanges that have emerged from mergers  such as Euronext and NASDAQ Nordic  demonstrate superior characteristics compared to their peers  indicating that consolidation can be an effective strategy for competing with larger markets and enhancing global competitiveness. The study’s findings show that integrating clustering  classification  and Shapley Values is a robust approach for uncovering complex structures within financial markets. This approach provides deeper insights for market participants and policymakers into the growth patterns and strategic positioning of stock exchanges  offering valuable implications for future market development and competition strategies.Copyright: © 2025 Marcin Stawarz. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License   which permits unrestricted use  distribution  and reproduction in any medium  provided the original author and source are credited.By achieving these objectives  the study contributes to the existing literature by offering a comprehensive methodology that not only classifies stock exchanges but also elucidates the factors driving their development and competitiveness. This integrative approach addresses the need for both analytical rigor and interpretability in financial modeling.Recent work has already applied SHAP explanations to market-level problems. Babaei et al. used SHAP to optimise crypto-asset portfolios and showed that feature attributions improve allocation transparency [ 41 ]. Giudici  Polinesi & Spelta built network models for robo-advisory portfolios and interpreted edge centralities with SHAP values [ 42 ]. More recently  Ahelegbey & Giudici introduced NetVIX  a network-based volatility index whose drivers are likewise revealed through SHAP analysis [ 43 ]. All three studies operate at the individual asset or network-edge level and employ supervised or community-detection approaches. By contrast  the present paper (i) clusters entire stock exchanges using unsupervised methods  (ii) constructs a classifier that generalises those clusters  and (iii) explains group membership with SHAP—thereby extending explainable clustering from securities to the market level and uncovering structural commonalities among exchanges worldwide.Despite advancements in understanding stock exchange dynamics  several controversies persist. The impact of consolidation on market efficiency and competition remains debated. While some studies advocate that consolidation leads to enhanced liquidity and reduced transaction costs [ 29 ]  others argue that it may result in monopolistic structures  reducing competition and potentially harming market participants [ 42 ]. Concerns about systemic risks associated with large  interconnected exchanges have also been raised [ 43 ]. The adoption of high-frequency and algorithmic trading presents another area of contention. While these technologies have improved market efficiency  they have been associated with flash crashes and increased market volatility [ 44 ]. The “Flash Crash” of May 6  2010  highlighted the potential instability of electronic markets and the challenges in regulatory oversight [ 45 ]. Balancing innovation with the potential systemic risks introduced by technological advancements remains a critical concern [ 46 ]. The use of complex machine learning models in financial analysis introduces challenges related to interpretability and transparency [ 47 ]. Regulators and practitioners are concerned about the “black-box” nature of some models  which can obscure the reasoning behind predictions and hinder accountability [ 48 – 50 ]. This has led to an emphasis on developing interpretable models and methods to explain model outputs [ 40   51 ].Several studies have explored the determinants of stock exchange development and competitiveness. Pagano [ 24 ] analyzed the factors influencing financial market growth  highlighting the role of legal and regulatory frameworks. La Porta et al. [ 25 ] emphasized the importance of investor protection laws and corporate governance standards in fostering market development. Levine and Zervos [ 26 ] investigated the relationship between stock market development and economic growth  finding a positive correlation between the two. Technological innovation is a critical driver of stock exchange efficiency. Hasan et al. [ 27 ] examined the impact of automation on stock exchange performance  finding that technological advancements enhance trading efficiency and liquidity. Hendershott et al. [ 28 ] studied the effects of algorithmic trading on market quality  concluding that it improves liquidity but may also increase volatility under certain conditions. The consolidation of stock exchanges has been extensively researched. Nielsson [ 29 ] studied the merger of European exchanges and its impact on market liquidity  finding that consolidation generally enhances liquidity. Orzeszko and Stawarz [ 15 ] utilized cluster analysis to examine the development of European stock markets  highlighting disparities and similarities among them. Their findings suggest that clustering methods can effectively identify patterns and group exchanges based on performance indicators. Clustering and classification methods are valuable tools in financial research for identifying patterns and grouping entities based on similarities. Jain [ 30 ] provided an overview of data clustering techniques and their applications. In the context of stock markets  clustering has been used to segment markets based on risk profiles [ 31 ]  trading behaviors [ 32 ]  and financial performance [ 33 ]. Machine learning techniques  such as random forests introduced by Breiman [ 34 ]  have been utilized for tasks like credit scoring [ 35 ]  bankruptcy prediction [ 36 ]  and stock price prediction [ 37 ]  owing to their ability to model complex interactions. Interpretability of machine learning models is crucial in finance  where decision-making requires transparency and understanding of model outputs [ 38 ]. Shapley values  derived from cooperative game theory  have been employed to attribute the contribution of each feature to the model’s predictions [ 39 ]. Lundberg and Lee [ 40 ] developed SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations)  a unified approach using Shapley values for interpreting complex models  enhancing the ability to explain predictions in a consistent manner. Recent studies have contributed to understanding financial market dynamics using advanced analytical methods. For example  Orzeszko and Piotrowski [ 41 ] applied tree-based algorithms to predict robo-advisory acceptance in banking services  demonstrating the effectiveness of machine learning methods in financial contexts. Another study by Buszko et al. [ 23 ] assessed the stability of stock markets during the COVID-19 pandemic using clustering techniques  emphasizing the importance of sectoral analysis.Understanding the development patterns and competitive dynamics of stock exchanges is crucial for policymakers  regulators  and market participants [ 9 ]. Identifying the factors that contribute to the success or underperformance of exchanges can inform strategies to enhance market efficiency  liquidity  and resilience [ 10 ]. Key aspects influencing stock exchange development include market liquidity  trading volume  technological infrastructure  regulatory environment  and the degree of market integration [ 11   12 ]. A significant trend in the evolution of stock exchanges is the consolidation through mergers and acquisitions [ 13 ]. Exchanges such as Euronext and Nasdaq Nordic and Baltic have emerged from the amalgamation of multiple national exchanges  aiming to achieve economies of scale  expand their global reach  and enhance competitiveness [ 14   15 ]. Consolidation can lead to increased efficiency and liquidity but may also raise concerns about market concentration and systemic risks [ 16 ]. The adoption of advanced technologies and trading mechanisms has also played a critical role in shaping stock exchange development [ 17 ]. The implementation of electronic trading systems and algorithmic trading has improved market efficiency and accessibility but has introduced complexities related to market microstructure and potential systemic vulnerabilities [ 18   19 ]. Regulatory bodies face the challenge of overseeing these rapidly evolving markets to ensure transparency  fairness  and stability [ 20 ]. The recent COVID-19 pandemic has underscored the importance of understanding stock market dynamics  as it led to unprecedented volatility and challenges in financial markets globally [ 21 ]. Studies have shown that the pandemic affected different sectors to varying degrees  emphasizing the need for sectoral analysis in assessing stock market stability [ 22 ]. For instance  Buszko et al. [ 23 ] conducted a sectoral approach to evaluate the pandemic’s impact on stock market stability  revealing varied effects across different industries.In recent years  the landscape of global stock exchanges has experienced profound changes driven by globalization  technological advancements  and regulatory reforms [ 5 ]. The integration of financial markets has intensified competition among exchanges  prompting them to innovate and adapt to evolving market dynamics [ 6 ]. Technological innovations such as electronic trading platforms  high-frequency trading  and blockchain technology have transformed trading practices  enhancing efficiency but also introducing new challenges related to market stability and fairness [ 7   8 ].Stock exchanges are fundamental components of the global financial system  providing platforms for companies to raise capital and for investors to trade securities [ 1 ]. They facilitate the allocation of resources  promote economic growth  and contribute to financial stability by enabling price discovery and liquidity provision [ 2   3 ]. The performance and development of stock exchanges have significant implications for the broader economy  influencing investment decisions  corporate financing  and wealth distribution [ 4 ].The study was carried out entirely in Python 3.11 using four open‑source libraries that together cover machine‑learning  visual diagnostics  statistical routines and interpretability: scikit‑learn [ 74 ]  Yellowbrick [ 75 ]  SciPy [ 76 ] and SHAP [ 40 ]. Every raw data file (CSV) and an executable Jupyter notebook (research_code.ipynb) capable of regenerating all tables and figures have been archived under a CC0 waiver at https://doi.org/10.18150/OELMLK   guaranteeing unrestricted reuse and full reproducibility. Fig 8 was also generated entirely by the authors using Geopandas and public domain data from Natural Earth ( http://www.naturalearthdata.com )  and is free of any copyright restrictions.This integrative approach allowed not only the identification of distinct clusters but also an understanding of the underlying factors influencing stock exchange development and competitiveness. By focusing on the interpretability of the model  valuable insights were gained into how specific financial indicators contribute to the positioning of exchanges within the global financial landscape.The methodological framework integrated variable selection  clustering  classification  and interpretability techniques to provide a comprehensive analysis. By optimizing the set of variables to maximize the silhouette score  the clustering captured meaningful patterns in the data. The means clustering identified natural groupings among stock exchanges based on selected financial indicators. The random forest classifier modeled the relationship between features and cluster labels  facilitating interpretation using Shapley values. The interpretability of the model through Shapley values provided insights into feature importance and contributions  enhancing model transparency and understanding.The key steps involved training the random forest classifier using the selected features and cluster labels  computing Shapley values for each feature and instance  and performing both global interpretation (aggregating Shapley values across all instances to determine overall feature importance) and local interpretation (analyzing Shapley values for individual instances to understand specific model decisions).where is the set of all features  is a subset of features not containing   and is the total number of features [ 73 ]. This formula calculates the average marginal contribution of feature across all possible subsets. Since the exact computation of Shapley values is computationally intensive ( complexity)  the Tree SHAP algorithm from the SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations) library was employed  which efficiently computes exact Shapley values for tree-based models like random forests [ 40 ].Shapley values  derived from cooperative game theory  were employed to quantify the contribution of each feature to the prediction of the model [ 39 ]. For a model and an instance   the Shapley value for feature is calculated as:A random forest classifier was used to model the relationship between the stock exchange features and the cluster labels obtained from the means clustering [ 34 ]. Random forest is an ensemble learning method that constructs multiple decision trees and aggregates their predictions  introducing randomness through bootstrap aggregation and feature randomness [ 70 ]. The algorithm involves generating bootstrap samples  constructing decision trees using random subsets of features  and aggregating predictions by taking the mode of the predictions from all trees [ 71 ]. In this study  the classifier’s primary goal was to facilitate the computation of Shapley values for interpreting feature importance  rather than for predictive purposes [ 72 ].where is the average distance between and all other points in the same cluster  and is the minimum average distance from to points in a different cluster [ 69 ].Selecting an appropriate number of clusters is crucial for meaningful clustering results. Two methods were employed: the elbow method and the silhouette score. The elbow method involves plotting the WCSS against a range of values and identifying the point where the rate of decrease sharply changes  suggesting an optimal where adding more clusters does not significantly reduce the WCSS [ 68 ]. The silhouette score measures how similar an observation is to its own cluster compared to other clusters  defined as:The algorithm involves initializing centroids  assigning each observation to the nearest centroid based on the Euclidean distance  recalculating centroids as the mean of all observations assigned to each cluster  and repeating the process until assignments no longer change or the change in the objective function is below a predefined threshold [ 66 ]. While -means is advantageous due to its simplicity and computational efficiency  it is sensitive to initial centroid positions and requires specifying the number of clusters in advance [ 67 ].where is the total within-cluster variance  is the set of observations in cluster   is the -th observation in cluster   and is the centroid of cluster [ 65 ].The -means clustering algorithm was employed to identify natural groupings among stock exchanges based on the selected financial indicators [ 30 ]. This algorithm partitions observations into clusters  where each observation belongs to the cluster with the nearest mean  serving as the cluster’s centroid [ 64 ]. The algorithm seeks to minimize the within-cluster sum of squares (WCSS)  defined as:To enhance clustering performance and interpretability  variable selection was performed with the objective of maximizing the average silhouette score [ 62 ]. The initial set of 13 variables was iteratively tested  and variables were selected based on their contribution to cluster separation. After evaluation using the silhouette score  seven variables were selected: market capitalization  market capitalization to GDP ratio  value traded (EOB total)  value traded to GDP ratio  share turnover velocity  capitalization per listed company  and number of trades (EOB). These variables provided the highest silhouette score  indicating a better-defined clustering structure [ 63 ].where is the observation vector  is the mean vector  and is the covariance matrix. Observations with exceeding the critical value from the chi-square distribution at a significance level of 0.001 were considered potential outliers and were examined further [ 61 ].where is the standardized value  is the original value  is the mean of the variable  and is the standard deviation [ 58 ]. This standardization centers the data at zero and scales it to have unit variance  which is essential for distance-based clustering methods like -means [ 59 ].An initial set of 13 variables was selected based on their relevance to stock exchange performance and data availability. These variables included market capitalization  market capitalization to GDP ratio  value traded (electronic order book total)  value traded to GDP ratio  share turnover velocity  capitalization per listed company  number of listed companies (total)  foreign listings ratio  domestic listings per capita  number of domestic listed companies  number of foreign listed companies  number of new listings through IPO  and number of trades (EOB). These variables capture various aspects of stock exchange performance  including size  liquidity  trading activity  internationalization  and market dynamism [ 55 – 57 ].The dataset comprised 82 stock exchanges from various regions worldwide  representing a diverse range of economic development levels. Data pertaining to the year 2023 were utilized to ensure the most recent and relevant financial information. Authoritative sources were consulted to ensure accuracy. The World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) provided detailed statistics on stock exchanges  including market capitalization  trading volumes  number of listed companies  and other essential financial indicators [ 52 ]. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) supplied macroeconomic data such as Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and population figures  enabling the calculation of relative financial metrics [ 53 ]. Additional data were obtained directly from the official websites and annual reports of the respective stock exchanges to supplement and verify the collected information. The United Nations Population Division provided updated population data for calculating per capita indicators [ 54 ].A comprehensive methodological framework was employed  integrating data collection  preprocessing  variable selection  clustering using the k-means algorithm  classification with a random forest model  and interpretation of results through Shapley values. This approach facilitated an in-depth analysis of global stock exchanges  enabling the identification of development patterns and key factors influencing their positions within the global financial system.Results and discussionThe analysis of global stock exchanges was initiated through the application of clustering techniques to reveal inherent groupings within the dataset. The k-means algorithm was employed to identify these clusters  with the number of clusters (k) being a crucial parameter in defining the cohesion and separation of the resulting groups. The evaluation of clustering effectiveness was guided by two key diagnostic metrics: the silhouette coefficient and the distortion score. These metrics provided complementary perspectives on the quality of the clustering and were instrumental in determining the most appropriate number of clusters.The initial phase of this study involved a broader set of variables intended to capture various dimensions of stock exchange performance and characteristics. These variables included measures such as market capitalization  trading volume  the number of listed companies  and other financial indicators. However  to enhance the interpretability and performance of the clustering  a variable selection process was conducted. This process aimed to maximize the silhouette coefficient  ensuring that only the most relevant variables contributing to meaningful cluster separation were retained. Through iterative testing and analysis  variables were carefully evaluated based on their impact on the clustering structure. Variables that did not significantly enhance the silhouette score were excluded from the final set  leading to a more cohesive and well-defined clustering outcome. This selection process ensured that the identified clusters were based on variables with the greatest explanatory power  improving the quality of the clustering and allowing for clearer insights into the underlying relationships within the data.The figures below display five SHAP summary plots—one for each cluster produced by our gradient-boosting model. Every plot consists of two coordinated panels that must be read together. Left-hand panel (beeswarm). Each dot corresponds to a single stock exchange. Its horizontal position is the Shapley value ( ) for the feature on that row and therefore indicates whether the feature pushes the exchange towards the cluster ( )  pulls it away ( )  or has negligible influence ( ). The colour of the dot encodes the measured value of the feature: blue signifies a low value  red a high one. The vertical spread of dots shows how much the feature’s impact varies across exchanges—wide dispersion signals heterogeneity  while a compact band indicates a consistent effect.Right-hand panel (bar chart of mean| |). Bars rank the same features by their mean absolute Shapley value; longer bars mark predictors that  on average  exert the greatest influence on cluster assignment  whereas shorter bars denote variables of limited importance.A practical reading sequence is therefore:Scan the right-hand bars to identify the dominant predictors for the cluster. Consult the beeswarm to determine the direction (positive or negative)  magnitude  and consistency of each predictor’s effect across individual exchanges.All subsequent SHAP figures share this visual grammar. Once familiar with the framework  one can move through clusters 1–5 using the same two-step interpretation strategy described above.Fig 1 offers a comprehensive overview of how the average silhouette coefficient varies with different values of k. The silhouette coefficient measures the degree of similarity between an observation and its assigned cluster compared to other clusters. A higher value indicates that the object is well-matched to its cluster and poorly matched to neighboring clusters  suggesting that the clustering structure is strong and distinct. As shown in the figure  the silhouette coefficient reaches its peak when k equals 5  with a value close to 0.7. This peak indicates that clustering the data into five groups results in the most cohesive and well-separated clusters. When the number of clusters is increased beyond five  the silhouette coefficient decreases significantly  indicating a reduction in cluster quality and an increased likelihood of overlap or poorly defined boundaries.This insight is significant as it suggests that attempting to create more than five clusters results in diminishing returns in terms of clarity and separation  underscoring the robustness of k = 5 as the optimal choice. Clustering with fewer than five clusters results in a loss of granularity  failing to capture the complexity of the data and potentially grouping dissimilar exchanges together.Fig 2 complements the analysis presented in Fig 1 by illustrating the distortion score  which measures the compactness of the clusters. The distortion score is defined as the sum of squared distances from each observation to its cluster centroid. A lower score indicates that points within a cluster are closer to each other  signifying better cohesion. The plot in Fig 2 reveals a clear “elbow” at k = 5  marked by the dashed vertical line. This elbow indicates a point beyond which the addition of more clusters results in a significantly smaller decrease in the distortion score  suggesting that the incremental gain in cohesion does not justify the increased complexity of having additional clusters.The convergence of results from both figures solidifies the decision to select k = 5 as the optimal number of clusters for this analysis. The silhouette coefficient in Fig 1 confirms that five clusters maintain a reasonable structure with distinct separation  while Fig 2 indicates that the reduction in distortion is meaningful up to k = 5 but becomes marginal thereafter.These findings lay the groundwork for a deeper exploration of the characteristics of each cluster. Identifying five distinct groups of stock exchanges based on key financial and operational metrics enables further investigation into the unique attributes and strategic positions of these clusters in the global financial landscape. This comprehensive approach ensures that the analysis not only captures the overall distribution but also emphasizes the distinctiveness of each identified cluster. In subsequent sections  an analysis of the composition and features of these clusters will provide insights into the factors driving the development and competitiveness of stock exchanges worldwide.Following the clustering analysis  which identified five distinct groups of stock exchanges  the focus shifted to interpreting the characteristics of each cluster through a classification model supported by SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations) values. This section presents an in-depth analysis of cluster 1  which comprises exchanges with notable market influence and significant trading activity  though they do not reach the scale of the world’s most dominant markets. Notable exchanges in cluster 1 include the Taipei Exchange  Korea Exchange  Borsa Istanbul  The Stock Exchange of Thailand  TMX Group  ASX Australian Securities Exchange  Japan Exchange Group  Taiwan Stock Exchange  Nasdaq Nordic and Baltics  National Stock Exchange of India  B3 - Brasil Bolsa Balcão  Euronext  and Deutsche Boerse AG. These exchanges serve as crucial financial hubs within their respective regions and play an integral role in global trading activity.Fig 3 presents the SHAP value analysis for cluster 1  offering insights into the significance of various financial features in classifying stock exchanges into this group. The left panel illustrates the distribution of SHAP values for each feature  showing their impact on the model’s predictions  while the right panel displays the average SHAP value magnitude  emphasizing the overall contribution of each feature to the classification process.The analysis reveals that market capitalization (MC) is the most influential feature for determining whether an exchange belongs to cluster 1. High SHAP values associated with MC indicate that exchanges with substantial total market size are more likely to be classified within this group. This observation aligns with the inclusion of significant markets such as Euronext and Deutsche Boerse AG  which have robust market capitalizations and serve as key financial centers. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) is another prominent feature in defining cluster 1. SHAP values show that exchanges with higher average company size are more likely to be associated with this cluster. This suggests that the cluster comprises markets where well-capitalized companies play a substantial role  even if the overall number of listed companies might not be as high as in the largest global markets. Trading activity  represented by value traded (VT_EOB) and the number of trades (NoT_EOB)  also plays a significant role in the classification of cluster 1. High SHAP values for these features indicate that exchanges with high trading volumes and a substantial number of transactions are characteristic of this group. These findings underline the active and liquid nature of the markets in cluster 1  showcasing their importance in regional and international finance. The value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP)  although less impactful than market capitalization or average capitalization per company  still contributes meaningfully to the classification. This feature indicates that exchanges in cluster 1 maintain a notable level of trading activity relative to the size of their national economies  reinforcing their role as significant financial platforms. Share turnover velocity (STV) and the market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) appear with lower average SHAP values  yet they provide additional context in the classification. STV  which measures the trading frequency relative to market size  highlights the liquidity levels  while MC_GDP indicates the relative importance of the stock market within the broader economy.The findings confirm that cluster 1 is characterized by exchanges with substantial market capitalization  a significant average company size  and active trading environments. These attributes position them as influential players in the global financial ecosystem  marked by their strong regional presence and economic impact  albeit not on par with the largest  most dominant global exchanges. This detailed SHAP analysis provides a clear view of the distinguishing features that define cluster 1 and its exchanges’ strategic roles within the global market structure.Fig 4 provides an in-depth SHAP value analysis for cluster 2  illustrating the key financial features that define the classification of stock exchanges within this group. The market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) emerges as the most significant feature for cluster 2  with high SHAP values indicating that exchanges with substantial market capitalization relative to their domestic GDP are more likely to be part of this cluster. This underscores the essential economic role these exchanges play within their respective countries  exemplified by the Tehran Stock Exchange  Johannesburg Stock Exchange  and Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange.Market capitalization (MC) is another critical feature contributing to the classification of cluster 2. High SHAP values for this feature suggest that exchanges with significant total market sizes  such as the SIX Swiss Exchange and the Saudi Exchange (Tadawul)  are central to this group. These exchanges are marked by their robust market presence  reflecting their importance as substantial financial centers. Share turnover velocity (STV) also stands out as a defining characteristic of cluster 2. SHAP analysis shows that high trading frequency relative to market size is a common feature among these exchanges  pointing to their active trading environments and liquidity. This highlights the dynamic market conditions that contribute to their classification. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) contributes meaningfully to the cluster  indicating that markets with larger average company sizes are likely members of cluster 2. This is reflected in exchanges such as Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange  where well-capitalized firms dominate the market landscape. The value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP)  though less impactful than the leading features  still plays a role in the classification. It suggests that exchanges in cluster 2 maintain trading activity that is significant relative to their economic scale  reinforcing their roles as active and vital components of their domestic financial systems. Trading volume metrics  including the number of trades (NoT_EOB) and value traded (VT_EOB)  while showing moderate mean SHAP values  remain relevant to the classification of cluster 2. These features illustrate that exchanges within this cluster  such as the Saudi Exchange (Tadawul) and Johannesburg Stock Exchange  engage in substantial trading activity  setting them apart from smaller or less active markets.Overall  the findings indicate that cluster 2 is characterized by exchanges with significant market capitalization  strong economic relevance within their national economies  and active trading environments. Notable members of this cluster include the Tehran Stock Exchange  Johannesburg Stock Exchange  Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange  SIX Swiss Exchange  and Saudi Exchange (Tadawul). Additionally  exchanges such as the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange  Kuwait Stock Exchange  and Qatar Stock Exchange may share similar characteristics  underscoring the regional prominence and strategic importance of the exchanges within cluster 2 in the global financial ecosystem.Fig 5 provides an in-depth SHAP value analysis for cluster 3  identifying the key financial features that drive the classification of stock exchanges in this group. The most significant feature for cluster 3 is the value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP). High SHAP values for this feature indicate that exchanges with a considerable volume of trading relative to the size of their domestic economy are more likely to be classified in this cluster. This characteristic underscores the substantial trading activity that defines exchanges such as Nasdaq (US) and NYSE.The number of trades (NoT_EOB) also plays a crucial role in defining cluster 3. High SHAP values associated with this feature highlight that exchanges with a high frequency of transactions are characteristic of this group. This reinforces the active trading environment and high liquidity that are hallmarks of cluster 3  emphasizing the dynamic market operations of its members. Value traded (VT_EOB) is another important feature  with SHAP values showing that exchanges with significant trading volumes are prominent in this cluster. This further illustrates the scale of financial activity present in cluster 3  which is consistent with the profiles of major global exchanges like Nasdaq and NYSE  known for their substantial trading activities and market leadership. Share turnover velocity (STV) also contributes notably to the classification  indicating that the frequency at which shares change hands is an important aspect of these exchanges. This feature underscores the efficiency and liquidity of the markets within cluster 3  where trading activity is robust and continuous. Market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) and market capitalization (MC) show moderate SHAP values in the analysis. This suggests that while these features contribute to the identification of cluster 3  they are not as defining as the trading activity metrics. Nonetheless  the substantial size of these exchanges in terms of market capitalization supports their classification within this cluster  marking them as dominant financial powerhouses. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) has a lower mean SHAP value but still provides context. Its inclusion indicates that while the average company size is significant  it is not the primary factor that differentiates this cluster.Overall  the findings for cluster 3 show that it is defined by exchanges with extremely high trading activity  frequent transactions  and substantial market engagement relative to their domestic economies. Key members of this cluster include Nasdaq (US) and NYSE  both exemplifying these characteristics through their leadership in trading volumes  liquidity  and economic influence. This analysis highlights the position of cluster 3 as comprising the most dynamic and influential stock exchanges within the global financial ecosystem.Fig 6 presents the SHAP value analysis for cluster 4  revealing the key features that contribute to the classification of this diverse group of stock exchanges. This cluster encompasses a broad range of markets  representing a significant portion of the global financial landscape. Notable exchanges within this cluster include the Warsaw Stock Exchange  LSE Group London Stock Exchange  Moscow Exchange  and the Bolsa Mexicana de Valores  along with smaller regional markets such as the Armenia Securities Exchange and the Namibian Stock Exchange.The analysis shows that the number of trades (NoT_EOB) is the most significant feature influencing the classification of exchanges into cluster 4. High SHAP values for this feature indicate that trading frequency is a key characteristic of these markets. This suggests that while the exchanges in this cluster vary in size and influence  they are generally defined by substantial trading activity relative to other features. The value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP) follows closely in importance  highlighting that many exchanges in this group maintain a meaningful level of trading activity compared to the size of their domestic economies. This feature reflects the activity levels and economic engagement of these markets  ranging from larger exchanges like the LSE Group London Stock Exchange to smaller ones like the Ghana Stock Exchange. Value traded (VT_EOB) and share turnover velocity (STV) are also significant contributors to the classification. SHAP values for these features emphasize that exchanges in cluster 4 exhibit varied degrees of liquidity and market dynamism. This is consistent with the diversity within the cluster  which includes established exchanges with high trading volumes and others that  while active  have lower overall liquidity. Market capitalization (MC) and market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) show moderate SHAP values  suggesting that while these metrics are relevant  they are not the primary differentiators for cluster 4. This aligns with the composition of the cluster  which includes exchanges with varying levels of market size—from major regional players like the Warsaw Stock Exchange to smaller markets like the Cyprus Stock Exchange. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) has the lowest mean SHAP value among the key features  indicating that while the average company size plays a role  it is not a significant factor in distinguishing this cluster. This reflects the heterogeneous nature of the exchanges in cluster 4  which range from markets with prominent large-cap companies to those with a mix of smaller entities.Overall  cluster 4 encompasses a wide spectrum of stock exchanges characterized by active trading environments and significant economic engagement  yet varied in terms of market size and liquidity. Exchanges such as the LSE Group London Stock Exchange and Moscow Exchange are balanced by numerous smaller or regionally focused markets  making this cluster the broadest in terms of diversity and representation within the global financial landscape. This analysis underscores the role of cluster 4 as encompassing the majority of exchanges that  while influential and active  do not fall into the specialized categories represented by other clusters.Fig 7 presents the SHAP value analysis for cluster 5  highlighting the defining features of this unique group of stock exchanges. Cluster 5 is composed of major Chinese exchanges  notably the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange  which are characterized by their considerable scale and economic influence within China and globally.The most significant feature for cluster 5 is the value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP). High SHAP values associated with this feature indicate that these exchanges have a high trading volume relative to their domestic economic output  underscoring their critical role in facilitating substantial financial activity within a rapidly growing economy. Value traded (VT_EOB) follows closely in importance  emphasizing that the total trading volume is a key characteristic of the exchanges in cluster 5. This aligns with the known high levels of activity on the Shenzhen and Shanghai exchanges  which consistently report large trading volumes due to the high participation of domestic investors and their impact on the global financial landscape. The number of trades (NoT_EOB) also contributes significantly to the classification  reflecting the high frequency of transactions on these exchanges. This feature highlights the dynamic nature of trading in cluster 5  characterized by active engagement and liquidity that distinguishes these markets from others. Market capitalization (MC) and the market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) show moderate SHAP values  indicating that while these features are influential  they are not the primary factors driving the classification. However  they do point to the sheer size and economic weight of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges  both of which rank among the largest globally by market capitalization. Share turnover velocity (STV) has a slightly lower impact but still adds context to the cluster’s classification. This feature reflects the rapid pace at which shares change hands on these exchanges  underscoring the liquidity and trading efficiency that are hallmarks of these markets. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) shows the lowest mean SHAP value in this analysis  indicating that while company size is relevant  it is not a key differentiator for cluster 5. This aligns with the diverse range of companies  from large state-owned enterprises to smaller  high-growth firms  listed on these exchanges.Overall  cluster 5 is defined by its high trading volume  significant frequency of transactions  and robust economic involvement as reflected in the value traded to GDP ratio. The Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange exemplify these characteristics  positioning themselves as pivotal financial hubs within China and critical players in the global market. The findings underline the strategic importance of these exchanges in both regional and international financial ecosystems  marked by their unique scale and dynamic trading activity.Fig 8 provides a comprehensive visual representation of the global distribution of stock exchanges  grouped into five distinct clusters. This classification highlights the varied levels of economic influence and trading activity across different regions. North America is prominently featured with significant financial centers  showcasing its position as a key player in the global economy. Europe displays a mix of dominant exchanges and diverse smaller markets  indicating its complex and interconnected financial landscape. The presence of clusters across Africa  Asia  and Oceania emphasizes the importance of regional hubs that facilitate economic activity and connect global trade. Notably  East Asia stands out with its unique concentration of significant exchanges  reflecting the region’s growing economic power and dynamic market activity. Fig 8 underscores the varied nature of stock exchanges worldwide  from globally leading markets to smaller but active financial centers that play vital roles in their respective regions.To provide a clear overview of the clustering results  Table 1 summarizes the attributes and notable members of each cluster  helping to contextualize their roles within the global financial landscape. The table highlights the diverse nature of these clusters  illustrating the varying levels of market influence and trading activity—from globally dominant exchanges with the highest market presence to smaller  regionally significant markets that play vital roles within their local economies.This table underscores the range of characteristics present across the clusters  from the highest levels of market activity and global reach to more specialized and regionally influential exchanges. It effectively illustrates the unique roles these clusters play in the global financial ecosystem  reinforcing the varied contributions of exchanges within their respective markets.A set of well-established frameworks in international finance and political economy help explain why the exchanges in Table 1 map onto the five empirical clusters displayed in Fig 8. First  the gravity model of cross-border portfolio flows predicts that trading volumes rise with the joint economic “mass” of two markets and fall with informational and institutional frictions between them [77]. Cluster 3 (NYSE and Nasdaq) sits at the model’s large-mass/low-friction extreme: the United States combines outsized GDP with deep  highly liberalised capital markets. In contrast  Cluster 5 is concentrated in mainland China  where large economic mass coexists with capital-account controls and a state-centric governance structure [78]. This polarity is consistent with the open-economy trilemma: countries cannot simultaneously enjoy monetary autonomy  exchange-rate stability  and full financial openness  so they sort into groups according to the policy mix they privilege [79].Institutional similarity and legal origin provide a second clustering mechanism. Exchanges in Cluster 1 (e.g.  Euronext  Deutsche Boerse  TMX  ASX  JPX) operate in common-law or Germanic civil-law jurisdictions with strong shareholder protections and rigorous disclosure rules  which foster comparable liquidity levels [25]. By contrast  Cluster 2 comprises resource-rich monarchies or late-industrialising mixed systems (Saudi Arabia  UAE  South Africa  Iran  Switzerland). Here  state–capital dynamics dominate: free float is limited  cross-listing is rare  and market openness remains intermediate [78].A third layer is geo-economic embeddedness. Cluster 4 is heterogeneous  yet its members share peripheral—but institutionally tethered—positions in larger regional blocs: EU enlargement (Warsaw  Vienna  Athens)  USMCA spill-overs (Mexico)  or Eurasian Economic Union linkages (Moscow). In world-systems terminology they function as semi-peripheral nodes that intermediate capital between core and periphery [80].Adding further nuance  recent work on financial-network topology shows that markets sharing common trading technology  settlement infrastructure  or ownership stakes form densely connected “communities” that transmit volatility more intensely within than across groups [81]. These meso-level ties explain why geographically distant venues—such as Australia and Germany—display stronger similarities to one another than to some nearer neighbours.Path-dependence and cultural proximity also matter. Historical ties (colonial links  common legal codes  and language) reduce information asymmetries and foster bilateral listings  thereby increasing the probability that exchanges fall into the same cluster [82 83]. This mechanism helps rationalise the placement of London and Johannesburg—former metropole and colony—within neighbouring clusters despite their different continents.Finally  the clusters echo broader trajectories of financial globalisation and de-globalisation. Long-run data show that integration surges in waves punctuated by crises and regulatory resets [84]. Cluster membership therefore captures not only static fundamentals but also shared exposure to global integration cycles: the strongly outward-oriented exchanges in Clusters 1 and 3 gained disproportionately during the 1990s liberalisation wave  whereas the more insulated members of Clusters 2 and 5 preserved tighter policy buffers after the 2008 crisis. These dynamics underline that the pattern in Fig 8 represents enduring combinations of market scale  institutional quality  policy choice and geo-economic alignment rather than a purely data-driven artefact.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['global stock market development', 'shapley values', 'Analysis', 'Integration', 'clustering', 'classification', 'Creative Commons Attribution License', 'complex machine learning models', 'International Monetary Fund', 'share turnover velocity', 'open access article', 'random forest algorithm', 'network-based volatility index', 'high trading activity', 'global financial landscape', 'large, interconnected exchanges', 'stock exchange dynamics', 'stock exchange development', 'potential systemic risks', 'entire stock exchanges', 'future market development', 'global stock exchanges', 'complex structures', 'market volatility', 'K-means algorithm', 'potential instability', '82 stock exchanges', 'trading value', 'algorithmic trading', 'financial markets', 'financial modeling', 'network models', 'financial analysis', 'interpretable models', 'global competitiveness', 'market characteristics', 'market participants', 'market level', 'market efficiency', 'Shapley Values', 'growth patterns', 'individual variables', 'possible combinations', 'empirical analysis', 'World Federation', 'Key variables', 'listed companies', 'significant heterogeneity', 'major markets', 'United States', 'dominant position', 'NASDAQ Nordic', 'superior characteristics', 'effective strategy', 'larger markets', 'deeper insights', 'strategic positioning', 'valuable implications', 'Marcin Stawarz', 'original author', 'existing literature', 'comprehensive methodology', 'analytical rigor', 'Recent work', 'market-level problems', 'crypto-asset portfolios', 'feature attributions', 'robo-advisory portfolios', 'edge centralities', 'individual asset', 'network-edge level', 'community-detection approaches', 'present paper', 'group membership', 'structural commonalities', 'several controversies', 'transaction costs', 'monopolistic structures', 'flash crashes', 'electronic markets', 'regulatory oversight', 'critical concern', 'black-box” nature', 'robust approach', 'integrative approach', 'three studies', 'Several studies', 'market capitalization', 'SHAP explanations', 'SHAP values', 'SHAP analysis', 'various features', 'unrestricted use', 'allocation transparency', 'unsupervised methods', 'technological advancements', 'model outputs', 'distinct clusters', 'competition strategies', 'explainable clustering', 'study', 'classification', 'differences', 'research', 'segmentation', 'similarities', 'importance', 'contribution', 'predictions', 'data', 'organizations', 'number', 'results', 'China', 'size', 'distinction', 'mergers', 'Euronext', 'peers', 'consolidation', 'findings', 'policymakers', 'Copyright', 'terms', 'distribution', 'reproduction', 'medium', 'source', 'objectives', 'factors', 'need', 'interpretability', 'Babaei', 'Giudici', 'Polinesi', 'Spelta', 'Ahelegbey', 'NetVIX', 'drivers', 'contrast', 'classifier', 'securities', 'impact', 'enhanced', 'liquidity', 'others', 'Concerns', 'adoption', 'high-frequency', 'area', 'contention', 'technologies', 'May', 'challenges', 'innovation', 'Regulators', 'practitioners', 'reasoning', 'accountability', 'emphasis', 'determinants']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,journals.plos.org
51497,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3103944/0/en/EXACT-Therapeutics-announces-first-patient-dosed-in-Phase-2-trial-in-patients-with-locally-advanced-pancreatic-cancer.html,EXACT Therapeutics announces first patient dosed in Phase 2 trial in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer,OSLO  Norway  June 24  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EXACT Therapeutics (Euronext Growth: EXTX)  a clinical-stage precision medicine company  is pleased to announce first patient dosed in its ENACT trial.,OSLO  Norway  June 24  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EXACT Therapeutics (Euronext Growth: EXTX)  a clinical-stage precision medicine company  is pleased to announce first patient dosed in its ENACT trial.The trial is a multi-centre  open-label Phase 2 clinical trial testing the safety and efficacy of Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®) in combination with standard of care (modified FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy) in first line patients with borderline resectable or unresectable locally advanced pancreatic cancer.“We are excited to have the first pancreatic cancer patient treated with ACT at our first U.S. site. More than 500 000 patients are diagnosed with pancreatic cancer each year globally  and pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest types of cancer  with limited and often ineffective treatment options. This trial addresses the significant unmet medical need and the urge to advance novel treatment options for this patient population. We are on track with the opening of sites for patient recruitment and initial safety data are expected in 2025 ” said Per Walday  Chief Executive Officer of EXACT Therapeutics.Dosing of the first patient in the Phase 2 trial follows the announcement of positive final efficacy and safety data in the Phase 1 trial in patients with liver metastases of colorectal origin.The Phase 2 trial will enroll up to 25 patients in the U.S.  U.K. and Europe  and has the ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT06850623.About EXACT TherapeuticsEXACT Therapeutics is a clinical-stage precision medicine company utilizing the power of ultrasound and microbubbles to enable targeted drug delivery in oncology. Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®) follows a unique approach and may be applied to a wide range of therapeutic agents within oncology and across a multitude of other indications  including brain diseases. EXACT Therapeutics’ shares are traded on Euronext Growth Oslo (EXTX). Further information may be found here: www.exact-tx.comFor further information  please contact:Per WaldayCEO EXACT TherapeuticsEmail: per.walday@exact-tx.comForward looking statements:This announcement and any materials distributed in connection with this announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they reflect the Company's current expectations and assumptions as to future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate. A number of material factors could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by this forward-looking statement.,neutral,0.01,0.76,0.23,mixed,0.46,0.15,0.39,True,English,"['advanced pancreatic cancer', 'EXACT Therapeutics', 'first patient', 'Phase 2 trial', 'patients', 'multi-centre, open-label Phase 2 clinical trial', 'Per Walday CEO EXACT Therapeutics', 'significant unmet medical need', 'clinical-stage precision medicine company', 'first U.S. site', 'first pancreatic cancer patient', 'Acoustic Cluster Therapy', 'ineffective treatment options', 'novel treatment options', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier', 'targeted drug delivery', 'Forward looking statements', 'positive final efficacy', 'first line patients', 'initial safety data', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'first patient', 'Phase 2 trial', 'Phase 1 trial', 'U.K.', 'patient population', 'patient recruitment', 'forward-looking statements', 'ENACT trial', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy', 'borderline resectable', 'deadliest types', 'liver metastases', 'colorectal origin', 'unique approach', 'wide range', 'therapeutic agents', 'other indications', 'brain diseases', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'material factors', 'actual results', 'Further information', '500,000 patients', '25 patients', 'Norway', 'EXTX', 'ACT®', 'combination', 'standard', 'care', 'unresectable', 'More', 'limited', 'urge', 'track', 'opening', 'sites', 'Dosing', 'announcement', 'Europe', 'power', 'ultrasound', 'microbubbles', 'oncology', 'multitude', 'shares', 'Email', 'materials', 'connection', 'nature', 'risk', 'uncertainty', 'assumptions', 'circumstances', 'number', 'developments']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51498,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/06/24/tetragon-financial-lontfg-trading-down-2-2-heres-what-happened/,Tetragon Financial (LON:TFG) Trading Down 2.2% – Here’s What Happened,Tetragon Financial (LON:TFG – Get Free Report) shares fell 2.2% during mid-day trading on Monday . The stock traded as low as GBX 15.55 ($0.21) and last traded at GBX 15.55 ($0.21). 450 shares traded hands during mid-day trading  a decline of 98% from the ave…,Tetragon Financial (LON:TFG – Get Free Report) shares fell 2.2% during mid-day trading on Monday . The stock traded as low as GBX 15.55 ($0.21) and last traded at GBX 15.55 ($0.21). 450 shares traded hands during mid-day trading  a decline of 98% from the average session volume of 21 929 shares. The stock had previously closed at GBX 15.90 ($0.22).Tetragon Financial Trading Down 2.2%The company has a 50 day simple moving average of GBX 14.13 and a 200-day simple moving average of GBX 14.63. The stock has a market cap of £1.26 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.97 and a beta of 0.46.Tetragon Financial Company Profile(Get Free Report)Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Tetragon Financial Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tetragon Financial and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial', 'LON', 'TFG', '50 day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Company Profile', 'average session volume', 'Get Free Report', 'concise daily summary', 'Tetragon Financial Daily', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'Tetragon Financial Trading', 'London Stock Exchange', 'investment manager', 'email address', 'mid-day trading', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'voting shares', '450 shares', '21,929 shares', 'TFG', 'Monday', 'GBX', 'hands', 'decline', 'beta']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,etfdailynews.com
51499,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3104584/0/en/Clariane-has-successfully-completed-a-bond-issue-of-400-million-euros.html,Clariane has successfully completed a bond issue of 400 million euros,Press release June 24  2025           Clariane has successfully completed a bond issue in the amount of 400 million euros Paris  June 24  2025 –...,DisclaimerThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe  nor a solicitation of an order to purchase or subscribe the notes in any country  in particular in the United States. This press release and the information contained herein also do not constitute an offer to purchase nor a solicitation to sell the notes  nor an invitation to participate to the offer to purchase. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in some countries and be subject to specific regulations and persons in possession of this press release should inform themselves about and comply with any applicable restrictions.This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including those included or incorporated by reference  concerning the Group’s future growth and profitability that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to factors that the Company cannot control or estimate precisely  such as future market conditions. The forward-looking statements made in this document constitute expectations for the future and should be regarded as such. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties described in Chapter 2 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 1 April 2025 under registration number D.25-0209  available on the Company’s website ( www.clariane.com ) and that of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). All forward-looking statements included in this document are valid only as of the date of this press release. Clariane S.E. undertakes no obligation and assumes no responsibility to update the information contained herein beyond the requirements of applicable regulations.Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Neither Clariane nor any of its directors  officers  employees  agents  affiliates or advisors accepts any responsibility for the reasonableness of any assumptions or opinions expressed or for the likelihood of any projections  prospects or performance being achieved. Any liability for such information is expressly excluded. Nothing in this document is  or should be construed as a promise or representation regarding the future. Furthermore  nothing contained in this document is intended to be or should be construed as a forecast of results. Clariane’s past performance should not be taken as a guide to future performance.The main Alternative Performance Indicators (APIs)  such as EBITDA  EBIT  net debt and financial leverage  are defined in the Universal Registration Document available on the Company’s website at www.clariane.com.About ClarianeClariane is the leading European community of care in times of vulnerability. It has operations in six countries: Belgium  France  Germany  Italy  the Netherlands and Spain.Relying on their diverse expertise  each year  the Group’s 63 000 professionals provide services to nearly 900 000 patients and residents in three main areas of activity: care homes (Korian  Seniors Residencias  etc.)  healthcare facilities and services (Inicea  Ita  Grupo 5  etc.)  and alternative living solutions (Ages & Vie  etc.).In June 2023  Clariane became a purpose-driven company and added to its bylaws a new corporate purpose  common to all its activities: “taking care of each person’s humanity in times of vulnerability”.Clariane has been listed on Euronext Paris  Section B since November 2006. The Group joined the SBF 120 index and the CAC® SBT 1.5° index on 23 September 2024.Euronext ticker: CLARI.PA - ISIN: FR0010386334.Stéphane Bisseuil Benoît LesieurHead of Investor Relations Deputy Head of Investor Relations – ESG+33 6 58 60 68 69 +33 6 64 80 15 90stephane.bisseuil@clariane.com benoit.lesieur@clariane.comJulie Mary Florian BacheletPress officer Press officer+33 6 59 72 50 69 +33 6 79 86 78 23julie.mary@clariane.com florian.bachelet@clariane.com,neutral,0.45,0.54,0.01,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,True,English,"['bond issue', '400 million euros', 'Clariane', 'Stéphane Bisseuil Benoît Lesieur Head', 'Press officer Press officer', 'Julie Mary Florian Bachelet', 'main Alternative Performance Indicators', 'three main areas', 'leading European community', 'new corporate purpose', 'CAC® SBT 1.5° index', 'future market conditions', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Clariane S.E.', 'Deputy Head', 'press release', 'SBF 120 index', 'past performance', 'registration number', 'future performance', 'United States', 'specific regulations', 'applicable restrictions', 'forward-looking statements', 'Actual events', 'applicable regulations', 'undue reliance', 'net debt', 'financial leverage', 'diverse expertise', 'Seniors Residencias', 'healthcare facilities', 'living solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Section B', 'Euronext ticker', 'Investor Relations', 'future growth', 'six countries', 'actual results', 'care homes', 'The Group', 'purpose-driven company', 'Disclaimer', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'order', 'notes', 'country', 'invitation', 'distribution', 'persons', 'possession', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'reference', 'profitability', 'factors', 'expectations', 'Chapter', 'AMF', '1 April', 'website', 'france', 'org', 'date', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'requirements', 'Readers', 'directors', 'officers', 'employees', 'agents', 'affiliates', 'advisors', 'reasonableness', 'assumptions', 'opinions', 'likelihood', 'projections', 'prospects', 'liability', 'Nothing', 'promise', 'representation', 'forecast', 'guide', 'APIs', 'EBITDA', 'times', 'vulnerability', 'operations', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', '63,000 professionals', 'services', '900,000 patients', 'residents', 'activity', 'Korian', 'Inicea', 'Grupo', 'Ages', 'Vie', 'June', 'bylaws', 'activities', 'humanity', 'November', '23 September', 'ISIN', 'ESG', 'stephane', 'benoit']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51500,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4127819.html,Don’t Be a Guest Be a Guest Star with ALL Accor,Accor recently launched a brand-new marketing campaign for the ALL Accor loyalty program  “Don’t be a Guest  be a Guest Star”. Starring French footballer player Kylian Mbappé  it highlights the Group’s conviction that every guest deserves VIP treatment. Unfor…,Accor recently launched a brand-new marketing campaign for the ALL Accor loyalty program  “Don’t be a Guest  be a Guest Star”. Starring French footballer player Kylian Mbappé  it highlights the Group’s conviction that every guest deserves VIP treatment. Unforgettable moments and tailored services elevate guest experience  while driving revenue for hotel owners.With more than 100 million members  ALL Accor is much more than a loyalty program and online booking platform. It is at the beating heart of the Group’s powerful  fully integrated hospitality ecosystem across 5 600+ hotels in 110 countries.As travelers increasingly seek emotional connection and experiential travel  ALL Accor contributes to surprising  delighting and pampering guests. To highlight the kind of personalized and authentic hospitality shaped through ALL Accor  the program recently launched a new marketing campaign. Starring football hero Kylian Mbappé  “Don’t be a Guest  be a Guest Star” conveys a powerful message: for Accor  every guest is a star and deserves attentive service and exceptional experiences. The multi-channel marketing strategy will span digital media  TV  social media  press events  and internal group activations in 6 key markets – France  UK  Germany  Australia  Brazil and China.A Strong Partnership Driven by Shared ValuesIn recent years  Accor and Kylian Mbappé have collaborated closely on different sports-related charity projects and initiatives. Given the shared values of achieving excellence and his desire to share his experiences  he is the ideal face for this new campaign. As an international football ambassador who travels frequently  he understands the importance of a warm  genuine welcome and personalized attention.This new campaign shows the extent to which Accor places relationships and care at the heart of experience—and the key role ALL Accor plays in offering authentic moments tailored to each guest. We have worked with Kylian Mbappé for several years now based on our shared vision: high standards  respect and the desire to do things to the best of our ability. Alix Boulnois  Chief Business  Digital & Tech Officer  AccorLeveraging Loyalty  Boosting BusinessBy winning over guests  ALL Accor is a key lever for brand preference. Compared with non-members  members book twice as many stays per year  spend +10% more per night and are 3.5 times more likely to return to our hotels. Exclusive “money-can’t-buy” experiences deepen emotional bonds  while robust digital CRM and data-driven personalization enhance member engagement.For hotel owners and partners  ALL Accor brings significant business value by driving hotel occupancy  generating incremental revenue and reducing distribution costs—as members book directly through our lowest cost channels. The proof is in the figures. ALL Accor contributes to 32% of hotel occupancy and generates 50 million paid nights. For hotel owners  the average return on investment generated by ALL Accor is 11x higher.A Positive Vision for Hospitality Today—And TomorrowBy offering every guest the kind of care and service for super stars  ALL Accor demonstrates the Group’s Purpose in action. Committed to pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures with heartfelt care  Accor has built a lifestyle loyalty program that connects travelers worldwide  while also supporting hotels in achieving sustainable growth. ALL Accor contributes to shaping the kind of responsible  authentic hospitality and heartfelt care at the very core of the Group’s vision.Read the report  here.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.28,0.65,0.07,positive,0.75,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['ALL Accor', 'Guest Star', 'powerful, fully integrated hospitality ecosystem', 'different sports-related charity projects', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'French footballer player', 'multi-channel marketing strategy', 'warm, genuine welcome', 'lowest cost channels', 'ALL Accor loyalty program', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'brand-new marketing campaign', 'international football ambassador', 'online booking platform', 'robust digital CRM', 'significant business value', 'internal group activations', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'responsible, authentic hospitality', 'A Positive Vision', 'lifestyle loyalty program', 'powerful message', 'responsible hospitality', 'new campaign', 'Leveraging Loyalty', 'football hero', 'authentic moments', 'responsible tourism', 'Kylian Mbappé', 'VIP treatment', 'Unforgettable moments', 'tailored services', 'hotel owners', 'emotional connection', 'experiential travel', 'digital media', 'social media', 'press events', '6 key markets', 'Strong Partnership', 'Shared Values', 'recent years', 'ideal face', 'key role', 'several years', 'high standards', 'Alix Boulnois', 'Chief Business', 'Tech Officer', 'key lever', 'brand preference', 'emotional bonds', 'data-driven personalization', 'member engagement', 'hotel occupancy', 'distribution costs', 'average return', 'super stars', 'sustainable growth', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', '45 hotel brands', 'hotel stay', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'CAC 40 index', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'The Group', 'Accor promise', 'Accor SA', 'accor.com', 'heartfelt care', 'beating heart', 'pampering guests', 'attentive service', 'personalized attention', 'many stays', 'incremental revenue', 'exceptional experiences', 'unique experiences', '5,600+ hotels', 'Guest Star', 'guest experience', '100 million members', '50 million', '5,600 hotels', 'conviction', '110 countries', 'travelers', 'surprising', 'delighting', 'kind', 'TV', 'France', 'UK', 'Germany', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'China', 'initiatives', 'excellence', 'desire', 'importance', 'extent', 'relationships', 'respect', 'things', 'non', 'night', 'proof', 'figures', 'investment', 'Purpose', 'cultures', 'core', 'report', 'resorts', '10,000 bars', 'restaurants', 'industry', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Ennismore', 'access', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'mission', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,hospitalitynet.org
51501,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3103935/0/en/SMCP-Update-on-the-forced-proceeding-of-the-related-shares-June-2025.html,SMCP - Update on the forced proceeding of the related shares June 2025,Press release - Paris  June 24th  2025     Information on the proceedings in relation to the transfer of 15.5% of the share capital of SMCP     SMCP...,Press release - Paris  June 24th  2025Information on the proceedings in relation to the transfer of 15.5% of the share capital of SMCPSMCP has been informed by a notice issued by GLAS SAS (London Branch) (“GLAS”)  trustee of the exchangeable bonds issued by European TopSoho (ETS)  that the legal proceedings initiated by GLAS in October 2024 in Singapore are progressing and that a substantive hearing will take place on July 2nd  2025.As a reminder  these proceedings aim at obtaining the return of the 15.5% stake in SMCP to ETS  following the cancellation of its sale to Dynamic Treasure Group Ltd decided by the English courts in July 2024.Moreover  the Singaporean courts definitively rejected in May 2025 the appeal lodged by Wuhu Ruyi Xinbo Investment Partnership  a company related to Shandong Ruyi  which claimed to have rights over this stake; this was Xinbo’s final avenue of appeal there.ABOUT SMCPSMCP is a global leader in the accessible luxury market with four unique Parisian brands: Sandro. Maje. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac. Present in 53 countries. the Group led by Isabelle Guichot as CEO  comprises a network of over 1.600 stores globally and a strong digital presence in all its key markets. Evelyne Chetrite and Judith Milgrom founded Sandro and Maje in Paris. in 1984 and 1998 respectively. and continue to provide creative direction for the brands. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac were respectively acquired by SMCP in 2009 and 2019. SMCP is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment A. ISIN Code FR0013214145. ticker: SMCP).CONTACTSINVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 +33 (0) 1 55 80 51 00Tristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 6 37 00 52 57 amelie.dernis@smcp.com smcp@brunswickgroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.61,0.39,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['forced proceeding', 'related shares', 'SMCP', 'Update', 'INVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton', 'Wuhu Ruyi Xinbo Investment Partnership', 'compartment A. ISIN Code', 'Dynamic Treasure Group Ltd', 'four unique Parisian brands', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'accessible luxury market', 'strong digital presence', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'Shandong Ruyi', 'Press release', 'June 24th', 'share capital', 'London Branch', 'exchangeable bonds', 'European TopSoho', 'substantive hearing', 'English courts', 'Singaporean courts', 'final avenue', 'global leader', 'Claudie Pierlot', 'Isabelle Guichot', 'key markets', 'Evelyne Chetrite', 'Judith Milgrom', 'creative direction', 'July 2nd', 'GLAS SAS', 'legal proceedings', 'Information', 'relation', 'transfer', 'notice', 'trustee', 'October', 'place', 'reminder', 'return', '15.5% stake', 'cancellation', 'sale', 'May', 'appeal', 'company', 'rights', 'Sandro', 'Maje', 'Fursac', '53 countries', 'CEO', 'network', '1.600 stores', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'brunswickgroup', 'Attachment']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51502,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3104057/0/en/SPIE-NOTICE-OF-REDEMPTION-Bonds-due-June-18-2026.html,SPIE - NOTICE OF REDEMPTION - Bonds due June 18  2026,NOTICE OF REDEMPTION TERMSTO HOLDERS OF  SPIE(the “Issuer”)€600 000 000 2.625 per cent. Bonds due June 18  2026 (the “Bonds”) ISIN: FR0013426376Common......,NOTICE OF REDEMPTION TERMSTO HOLDERS OFSPIE(the “Issuer”)€600 000 000 2.625 per cent. Bonds due June 18  2026(the “Bonds”)ISIN: FR0013426376Common Code: 201374006Optional Make Whole Redemption Date: June 27  2025Optional Redemption Amount: €100 526.35 per €100 000 BondCergy  June 24  2025 - Following the publication by the Issuer on May 28  2025 of a notice announcing that it has elected to redeem all of the outstanding Bonds (of which €600 000 000 are currently outstanding) on June 27  2025 (the “Make-whole Redemption Date”) at a price per €100 000 Bond equal to the Optional Redemption Amount  pursuant to Conditions 6.4.2 (Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer) and 11 (Notices) of the terms and conditions of the Bonds contained in the prospectus relating to the issue of the Bonds which received visa no. 19-268 of the French Autorité des marchés financiers on June 14  2019 (the “Prospectus”)  notice is hereby given to the Bondholders of the terms of the upcoming redemption:1. The Optional Redemption Amount has been calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.4.2 of the Prospectus. In accordance with such Condition  the Optional Redemption Amount is computed using a discount rate equal to the relevant Early Redemption Rate (determined as of 11:00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on June 23  2025) plus an Early Redemption Margin of 0.30 per cent. and plus interest accrued on the Bonds to  but excluding the Optional Make Whole Redemption Date  all as determined by the Calculation Agent.2. The Early Redemption Rate is 1.8410%.3. Interest accrued to  but excluding  the Optional Make Whole Redemption Date is €64.73 per €100 000 Bond.4. The Optional Redemption Amount is €100 526.35 per €100 000 Bond.The Bonds will be delisted from Euronext Paris on the Optional Make Whole Redemption Date.Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Prospectus.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['SPIE', 'NOTICE', 'REDEMPTION', 'Bonds', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Optional Make Whole Redemption Date', 'relevant Early Redemption Rate', 'The Optional Redemption Amount', 'The Early Redemption Rate', 'Early Redemption Margin', 'Central European time', 'upcoming redemption', 'discount rate', 'REDEMPTION TERMS', 'The Bonds', 'Common Code', 'Calculation Agent', '0.30 per cent', 'Euronext Paris', 'outstanding Bonds', 'NOTICE', 'HOLDERS', 'SPIE', 'Issuer', 'ISIN', 'June', '100,000 Bond', 'Cergy', 'publication', 'May', 'price', 'Conditions', 'prospectus', 'visa', 'accordance', 'provisions', '11:00 a', 'CET', 'interest', 'meanings', 'Attachment', '€']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51503,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3104509/0/en/Ipsos-completes-the-acquisition-of-The-BVA-Family.html,Ipsos completes the acquisition of The BVA Family,Ipsos completes the acquisition of The BVA Family  Paris  24 June 2025 - Ipsos  one of the world's leading market research companies  has completed the......,Ipsos completes the acquisition of The BVA FamilyParis  24 June 2025 - Ipsos  one of the world's leading market research companies  has completed the acquisition of The BVA Family.The operation was concluded after fulfilling all necessary regulatory requirements  including in-depth consultation with employee representatives in France and obtaining relevant competition authority approvals.This acquisition is a significant expansion for Ipsos in France and adds new strength in the UK and Italy. BVA notably brings its recognized expertise in customer experience monitoring  point-of-sale behavior analysis  and research for government and public services. The company also boasts research methodologies that focus on behavioral sciences. Its expertise in pack testing through PRS IN VIVO is a key global strength that can now be rolled out across a much larger geographic footprint by Ipsos.Ben Page  CEO of Ipsos  stated: “We are delighted to welcome The BVA Family teams to Ipsos. They now benefit from our global infrastructure  and the opportunities our scale brings them  while our clients will have access to new  innovative solutions. With our strong cultural fit and complementary set of services  we are poised to deliver even greater value to the businesses and organizations we serve.”Gerard Lopez and Pascal Gaudin  Chairmen of The BVA Family  added: “We are pleased to join forces with Ipsos  one of the world leaders in market research. This partnership allows us to leverage its international presence and solid competencies  significantly enhancing our capabilities to provide cutting-edge analysis and understanding of society and markets to our clients.”Ipsos France will now operate under the name Ipsos Bva  while the teams in Italy will use the name Ipsos Doxa. In the UK  BDRC will operate under the Ipsos brand.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120  Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTel. +33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['The BVA Family', 'Ipsos', 'acquisition', 'relevant competition authority approvals', 'leading market research companies', 'The BVA Family teams', 'necessary regulatory requirements', 'customer experience monitoring', 'larger geographic footprint', 'strong cultural fit', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Val de Marne', 'sale behavior analysis', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'key global strength', 'new, innovative solutions', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'new strength', 'polling companies', 'research methodologies', 'global infrastructure', 'cutting-edge analysis', '75 business solutions', 'depth consultation', 'employee representatives', 'significant expansion', 'behavioral sciences', 'pack testing', 'Ben Page', 'complementary set', 'greater value', 'Gerard Lopez', 'Pascal Gaudin', 'international presence', 'solid competencies', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'Ipsos Bva', 'world leaders', 'changing world', 'recognized expertise', 'public services', 'true understanding', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos Doxa', 'Ipsos brand', 'Ipsos France', 'acquisition', '24 June', 'operation', 'UK', 'Italy', 'government', 'company', 'PRS', 'VIVO', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'scale', 'clients', 'access', 'businesses', 'organizations', 'Chairmen', 'forces', 'partnership', 'society', 'markets', 'name', 'BDRC', '20,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'July', 'SRD', '35 rue', 'Cedex', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '33']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51504,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3104266/0/en/Vivoryon-Therapeutics-N-V-Reports-Outcome-of-2025-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Outcome of 2025 Annual General Meeting,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Outcomeof 2025 Annual General Meeting  Halle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  June 24  2025 - Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.......,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Outcomeof 2025 Annual General MeetingHalle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  June 24  2025 - Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company developing small molecule medicines for inflammatory and fibrotic disorders  with a primary focus on diabetic kidney disease  held its Annual General Meeting (AGM) today at 1:00 p.m. (CEST). The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the meeting  including the appointment of Dr. Julia Neugebauer  COO of Vivoryon since May 2025  to the Company’s Board as executive director. The re-appointment of Dr. Frank Weber and Anne Doering as executive directors  as well as the re-appointment of Dr. Erich Platzer  Charlotte Lohmann  Dr. Claudia Riedl and Dr. Samir Shah as non-executive directors to the Company’s Board were also confirmed by Vivoryon’s shareholders.All documents relating to the AGM are available on the Company’s website: https://www.vivoryon.com/2025-annual-general-meeting/###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines for the treatment of inflammatory and fibrotic disorders of the kidney. Driven by its passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  the Company strives to improve patient outcomes by changing the course of severe diseases through modulating the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Vivoryon’s most advanced program  varoglutamstat  a proprietary  first-in-class orally available QPCT/L inhibitor  is being evaluated to treat diabetic kidney disease. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. The Company’s results of operations  cash needs  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  future transactions  strategies or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactsVivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Dr. Manuela Bader  Director IR & CommunicationEmail: IR@vivoryon.comLifeSci AdvisorsSandya von der WeidTel: +41 78 680 05 38Email: svonderweid@lifesciadvisors.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria Fisher or Verena SchossmannTel: +49 175 8041816 / +49 151 219 412 77Email: vivoryon@trophic.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Outcome', 'innovative small molecule-based medicines', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', '2025 Annual General Meeting Halle', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'small molecule medicines', 'Dr. Julia Neugebauer', 'Dr. Frank Weber', 'Dr. Erich Platzer', 'Dr. Claudia Riedl', 'Dr. Samir Shah', 'Dr. Manuela Bader', 'clinical stage company', 'diabetic kidney disease', 'other future conditions', 'annual financial statements', 'future financial results', 'disease settings', 'other factors', 'financial effects', 'financial condition', 'future performance', 'future transactions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'fibrotic disorders', 'primary focus', 'executive director', 'Anne Doering', 'Charlotte Lohmann', 'ground-breaking science', 'patient outcomes', 'severe diseases', 'advanced program', 'QPCT/L inhibitor', 'press release', 'business strategy', 'similar expressions', 'cash needs', 'undue reliance', 'risk factors', 'Investor Contacts', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Media Contact', 'Trophic Communications', 'Valeria Fisher', 'Verena Schossmann', 'eu Attachment', 'forward-looking statements', 'future operations', 'future events', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'The Company', 'Director IR', 'management plans', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'June', 'VVY', 'inflammatory', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'shareholders', 'items', 'agenda', 'appointment', 'COO', 'May', 'Board', 'documents', 'website', '25-annual-general-meeting', 'treatment', 'passion', 'innovation', 'course', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'varoglutamstat', 'proprietary', 'class', 'limitation', 'objectives', 'estimates', 'projections', 'respect', 'market', 'products', 'forecasts', 'Words', 'predict', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'trends', 'economy', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'date', 'obligation', 'information', 'law', 'Email', 'Sandya', 'Weid', 'Tel', 'lifesciadvisors', '1:00']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51505,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3103929/0/en/Weekly-progress-on-share-repurchase-program-to-cover-share-plans-and-reduce-capital.html,Weekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital,Press Release  Weekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital  Kaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht...,Press ReleaseWeekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capitalKaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht (Netherlands)  June 24  2025dsm-firmenich  innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  announced on February 13  2025 its intention to repurchase ordinary shares with an aggregate market value of €1 billion and reduce its issued capital  starting with an initial €500 million. On April 1  2025  the company commenced a program to repurchase ordinary shares for a total amount of €580 million  of which €80 million to cover commitments under the Group’s share-based compensation plans and €500 million to reduce its issued capital.In accordance with regulations  dsm-firmenich informs the market that during the period from June 16  2025 up to and including June 20  2025 a total number of 454 824 shares have been repurchased on its behalf. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €95.25 per share for a total amount of €43.3 million.The total number of shares repurchased under this program to date is 3 164 700 shares at an average price of €94.84 for a total consideration of €300.1 million.This €580 million share repurchase program will be completed no later than six months from the start date  and thereafter an additional €500 million share repurchase program is intended. This €500 million share repurchase program was conditional on the completion of the sale of dsm-firmenich’s stake in the Feed Enzymes Alliance  which was announced on June 2  2025.For more detailed information see ‘Daily transaction details Share Repurchase Program announced April 1  2025’.For more information  please contact:dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries:Email: investors@dsm-firmenich.comdsm-firmenich media enquiries:Email: media@dsm-firmenich.comAbout dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world’s growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss company with dual headquarters in Kaiseraugst  Switzerland and Maastricht  Netherlands  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people. www.dsm-firmenich.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute or form part of  an offer or any solicitation of an offer for securities in any jurisdiction. This press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich’s future. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. This communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'share plans', 'Weekly progress', 'capital', 'additional €500 million share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', '€580 million share repurchase program', 'dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries', 'Feed Enzymes Alliance', 'Daily transaction details', 'diverse, worldwide team', 'English language version', 'other language versions', 'aggregate market value', 'share-based compensation plans', 'dsm-firmenich media enquiries', 'share plans', 'Press Release', 'total amount', 'total number', 'average price', 'total consideration', 'vital nutrients', 'growing population', 'comprehensive range', 'renewable ingredients', 'renowned science', 'technology capabilities', 'dual headquarters', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'actual performance', 'Weekly progress', 'start date', 'detailed information', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'inside information', 'ordinary shares', 'Swiss company', '454,824 shares', '3,164,700 shares', 'capital', 'Kaiseraugst', 'Switzerland', 'Maastricht', 'Netherlands', 'June', 'innovators', 'nutrition', 'health', 'beauty', 'February', 'intention', 'initial', 'April', 'commitments', 'Group', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'period', 'behalf', 'six', 'completion', 'sale', 'stake', 'Email', 'investors', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'solutions', 'natural', 'life', 'consumers', 'planet', 'operations', '60 countries', 'revenues', '30,000 employees', 'billions', 'people', 'Disclaimer', 'part', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'forward', 'respect', 'future', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'position', 'obligation', 'law', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3103931/0/en/Pharming-Group-to-host-webcast-on-findings-of-a-new-study-published-in-Cell-advancing-functional-classification-of-variants-of-uncertain-significance-VUS-to-improve-APDS-diagnosis.html,Pharming Group to host webcast on findings of a new study published in Cell advancing functional classification of variants of uncertain significance (VUS) to improve APDS diagnosis,For media and investors only  Researchers identified variants which may cause activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)Results......,For media and investors onlyResearchers identified variants which may cause activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)Results enable clinical genetic testing labs to appropriately reclassify VUSs  accelerating the path to a definitive APDS diagnosis for many patientsFindings reveal APDS may be more prevalent than previously estimatedWebcast to take place on Monday  June 30  2025  at 16:30 CEST / 10:30 EDTLeiden  the Netherlands  June 24  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces it will host a webcast for investors and analysts featuring Joshua Milner  MD  an internationally renowned immunologist  to discuss the findings of a recent study published in the peer-reviewed journal Cell.The study titled “Scalable generation and functional classification of genetic variants in inborn errors of immunity for improved clinical diagnosis and management” was led by Zachary Walsh  MD/PhD candidate  Dr. Milner and Benjamin Izar  MD  PhD of Columbia University. The publication details significant advances in diagnosing inborn errors of immunity  also known as primary immune disorders. The researchers’ approach helps resolve a major limit to interpretation of genetic testing that often yields variants of uncertain significance (VUS) when evaluating such disorders  including activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS).There are currently over 1 300 known U.S. patients with a VUS in the PIK3CD and PIK3R1 genes implicated in APDS. The team at Columbia introduced more than 2 000 PIK3CD/PIK3R1 variants  representing a portion of all potential variants  into human T-cell lines and assessed PI3Kδ pathway activity. These studies successfully confirmed known disease-causing APDS variants and  importantly  also identified over 100 new variants with evidence for PI3Kδ pathway hyperactivity. By analyzing very large datasets of patients who agreed to have their genetic testing linked to their medical records  the research team at Columbia concludes that the real prevalence of APDS may be higher than previously estimated.During the call  Dr. Milner will provide insights into the study’s methodology  key findings  implications  and next steps. Anurag Relan  Pharming Chief Medical Officer  will lead a Q&A session with Dr. Milner and discuss next steps to collaborate with genetic testing laboratories on their VUS reclassification efforts  extend the study to assess additional variants  and further investigate the clinical phenotype of APDS in the newly identified variants.Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:“This important study  recently published in Cell  is a key step towards providing answers to patients with a VUS in the PIK3CD or PIK3R1 genes. The study highlights the importance of increased genetic screening and awareness to ensure timely diagnosis of APDS. We expect these data to enable clinical genetic testing laboratories to reclassify a portion of the VUSs  accelerating the path to a definitive APDS diagnosis for many patients. We look forward to additional near-term studies to facilitate the reclassification of the remaining VUSs and to further exploring the prevalence and phenotype of this rare disease.”Dr Joshua Milner  MD  Director Division of Pediatric Allergy  Immunology and Rheumatology at Columbia University Irving Medical Center  commented:“This study offers a powerful new lens for interpreting VUSs and uncovering therapeutic insights in conditions like APDS. We hope these findings will support clinicians in making more informed decisions and ultimately lead to better outcomes for patients navigating rare immune disorders.”Note: This study was supported by a National Institutes of Health (NIH)/National Cancer Institute (NCI) grant and was in part supported through a sponsored research agreement with Pharming.The webcast will take place on Monday  June 30  2025  at 16:30 CEST / 10:30 EDT.To participate  please register at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/q6x83at2. Questions can be submitted in advance  via email to investor@pharming.com.For more information and to access the full peer-reviewed study in Cell  please visit https://www.cell.com/cell/abstract/S0092-8674(25)00624-5.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About leniolisibLeniolisib is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the U.S.  U.K.  Australia and Israel as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial demonstrated statistically significant improvement in the coprimary endpoints  reflecting a favorable impact on the immune dysregulation and deficiency seen in these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term leniolisib administration.8 9 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review in the European Economic Area  Canada and several other countries for APDS  with plans to pursue regulatory approval in Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in two Phase III clinical trials in children with APDS and in two Phase II clinical trials in primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs) with immune dysregulation. The safety and efficacy of leniolisib has not been established for PIDs with immune dysregulation beyond APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. We are commercializing and developing a portfolio of innovative medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2024 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information.ReferencesLucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2020 Dec;59(3):323-333. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338. Rao VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983. Rao VK  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2024;153:265-74.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKSimon Conway/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PRChristina SkrivanT: +1 (636) 352-7883E: Christina.Skrivan@precisionaq.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.91,0.08,mixed,0.2,0.33,0.48,True,English,"['Cell advancing functional classification', 'Pharming Group', 'new study', 'uncertain significance', 'APDS diagnosis', 'webcast', 'findings', 'variants', 'VUS', 'Columbia University Irving Medical Center', 'NIH)/National Cancer Institute', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'Pharming Group N.V.', '1,300 known U.S. patients', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'clinical genetic testing labs', 'Pharming Chief Medical Officer', 'clinical genetic testing laboratories', 'human T-cell lines', 'Q&A session', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'PI3Kδ pathway activity', 'powerful new lens', 'two identified genes', 'primary immune disorders', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'PI3Kδ pathway hyperactivity', 'rare immune disorders', 'Dr Joshua Milner', 'definitive APDS diagnosis', 'VUS reclassification efforts', 'full peer-reviewed study', 'disease-causing APDS variants', 'clinical diagnosis', 'medical records', 'genetic screening', 'rare disease', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'clinical phenotype', 'timely diagnosis', 'immune cells', 'Dr. Milner', 'genetic variants', '100 new variants', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'Scalable generation', 'functional classification', 'inborn errors', 'Zachary Walsh', 'MD/PhD candidate', 'Benjamin Izar', 'significant advances', 'major limit', 'uncertain significance', 'PIK3R1 genes', 'large datasets', 'next steps', 'Anurag Relan', 'key step', 'Pediatric Allergy', 'informed decisions', 'National Institutes', 'NCI) grant', 'research agreement', 'many patients', '2,000 PIK3CD/PIK3R1 variants', 'potential variants', 'researchers’ approach', 'research team', 'real prevalence', 'near-term studies', 'therapeutic insights', 'recent study', 'important study', 'journal Cell', 'key findings', 'remaining VUSs', 'additional variants', 'media', 'investors', 'Results', 'Webcast', 'place', 'Monday', 'June', '16:30 CEST', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'analysts', 'immunologist', 'immunity', 'management', 'publication', 'diagnosing', 'interpretation', 'portion', 'evidence', 'call', 'methodology', 'implications', 'MPH', 'answers', 'importance', 'awareness', 'Director', 'Division', 'Immunology', 'Rheumatology', 'conditions', 'clinicians', 'better', 'outcomes', 'Note', 'Health', 'part', 'mmc', 'Questions', 'email', 'information', 'abstract', 'development', 'body', 'dysregulation', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'enteropathy', '10:30']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51507,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3104583/0/en/CROSSJECT-announces-a-successful-capital-increase-of-5-7-million-following-full-exercise-of-the-extension-clause.html,CROSSJECT announces a successful capital increase of €5.7 million following full exercise of the extension clause,Press release    CROSSJECT announces a successful capital increase of €5.7 million following full exercise of the extension clause     Transaction...,"Press releaseCROSSJECT announces a successful capital increase of €5.7 million following full exercise of the extension clauseTransaction raised to over 5.7 million euros following full exercise of the extension clause.Total demand of over 9 2 million euros  representing an oversubscription rate of 1.84x.Transaction benefited from the support of Gemmes Venture and investment by new investor Vatel Capital.Dijon  France June 24  2025 (7.00 PM CET) -- CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  the specialty pharmaceutical company in late-stage clinical and regulatory development of ZEPIZURE®  its emergency treatment for the management of epileptic seizures based on the award-winning ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector  announces the successful completion of its capital increase with preferential subscription rights (""DPS"")  for a gross amount of 5 725 479.20 euros after full exercise of the extension clause and for a net amount of approximately 5 458 093.69 (the ""Offer"").This financing is an important step in the final registration phases of ZEPIZURE® and the continuation of initial commercial production stages. The transaction was carried out at a subscription price of 1.40 euros  representing a 22.6% discount to the closing price on June 3  2025.Patrick ALEXANDRE  Chairman of the Management Board  comments: ""We would like to thank our shareholders for their subscriptions  which exceeded our initial target by almost 100%. Our special thanks go to Gemmes Venture  which enabled us to bring in funds managed by Vatel Capital. We are entering the final steps of the ZEPIZURE® story with confidence  in line with our May communication and in phase with the process managed by our American partner  with the financial security needed for pre-commercialization.""Objectives of the transactionAs announced on May 7 and May 20  CROSSJECT continues to focus on the preparation of the EUA submission to the FDA and remains on schedule with final production of the validation batches in June. CROSSJECT will transfer this data  the final addition to the ZEPIZURE® EUA submission platform  to its American partner who started on and manages the filing. CROSSJECT expects a first confirmation of receipt from the FDA one month after submission. In addition  CROSSJECT has started a first manufacturing cycle of EUA batches  intended for the first delivery of the CHEMPACK program as part of the US national preparedness against chemical threats  in agreement with its American partner  the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). CROSSJECT continues to allocate a significant portion of its resources also to its infrastructure in the USA and to its other product candidates.CROSSJECT is continuing as planned with the other stages in the development of ZEPIZURE® for its second NDA filing in the second quarter of 2026  as well as developments relating to ZENEO® Adrenaline and ZENEO® Hydrocortisone.The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the issue as follows:- Approximately 60% will be allocated to the final development phases of ZEPIZURE® and to the start-up of the initial production stages  including the build-up of related inventories  prior to any reimbursement by its American partner;- Around 40% will be used to finance R&D for its other projects  ZENEO® Adrenaline and ZENEO® Hydrocortisone  to repay certain financial creditors  and to cover the company's general and administrative expenses and development costs  particularly in the United States.With the net proceeds of the issue  the Company estimates that its net working capital would be sufficient to meet its obligations until the end of 2025  assuming the first payments from its American partner following the first deliveries. In order to preserve its financial flexibility and ensure its cash flow in 2025 until receipt of these first payments  expected from the third quarter onwards  the Company is continuing to evaluate dilutive and non-dilutive financing complements. The Company could also receive additional funds from the exercise of the warrants issued on December 13  2024  up to a maximum amount of around €10.3 million  to meet additional financing needs. Future payments from its US partner beyond 2025 will be a major contribution to the Company's financing needs.Legal frameworkOn June 4  2025  the Chairman of the Executive Board  acting on the basis of the 7th and 13th extraordinary resolutions of the Combined General Meeting of June 27  2024  in accordance with the authorization granted to him by the Supervisory Board on May 19  2025 and pursuant to the sub-delegation granted to him by the Executive Board on May 19  2025  decided to carry out a capital increase through the issue of ordinary shares with pre-emptive subscription rights.Operation resultsFollowing a subscription period which ended on June 20  2025  total demand amounted to 6 550 458 shares  i.e. an oversubscription of 1.84x compared with the 3 556 199 shares initially proposed. In view of the level of demand recorded  the Company has decided to exercise the extension clause in full  i.e. 533 429 additional shares  bringing the total gross amount of the capital increase to 5 725 479.20 euros  for a total of 4 089 628 new shares issued at a price of 1.40 euro per share  i.e. a capital increase of a nominal amount of 408 962.80 euros  together with a share premium of 5 316 516.40 euros.1/ 3 030 685 new shares were subscribed on a irreducible basis  representing an 85.22% exercise rate;2/ 3 423 223 new shares have been requested on a reducible basis. Only 1 058 943 shares will be allotted after reduction  i.e. 25.89% of the new shares to be issued; these shares will be allotted according to a coefficient of 0.0846828 calculated on the basis of the number of rights presented in support of irreducible subscriptions  without taking into account fractions  and without the allotment being greater than the number of shares requested on a reducible basis.Subscription by Gemmes Venture and the Company's shareholdersFollowing the capital increase  the Company's share capital will amount to €5 032 022.40  comprising 50 320 224 shares with a par value of €0.1 each.Gemmes Venture  a shareholder representing 24.7% of the Company's capital (on an undiluted basis) prior to the transaction  has given its support to the transaction  subscribing a total of €62 460. Following the transaction  Gemmes Venture will hold approximately 22.0% of the share capital (on an undiluted basis).The OCA holder affiliated with Heights Capital Management  Inc. (""Heights"") has subscribed  in accordance with its intention  to the capital increase by offsetting against its claim of 555 645 euros corresponding to the cash redemption of the convertible bonds redemption due on April 28  2025.Vatel Capital (""Vatel Capital"")  which had irrevocably undertaken on June 4  2025 to subscribe to the capital increase on an irreducible and reducible basis for a total amount of 2 000 000 euros  subscribed to the capital increase through various funds for an amount of €1 841 518.Company's abstention undertakingThe Company has agreed to a confidentiality undertaking for a period expiring 90 calendar days following the settlement-delivery date of the new shares  subject to certain customary exceptions.Preservation of the rights of holders of bonds convertible into new redeemable shares (OCAs) and share subscription warrants (BSAs)In accordance with regulations and the terms and conditions of the OCAs  the conversion price of the OCAs will be adjusted on June 27  2025 (from 1.667 euros to 1.655 euros1 ).In accordance with regulations and the terms and conditions of the warrants  the exercise ratio of the warrants has also been adjusted  from 1.25 (4 warrants then giving the right to subscribe for 5 new shares) to 1.267.Impact of capital increase on shareholders' equity per shareThe table below summarizes the dilutive impact of the capital increase in euros on shareholders' equity per share under different dilution scenarios linked to the issue (taking into account adjustments arising from the transaction):Impact on shareholders' equity in euros per shareBase Non-dilutedPrimary diluted basis(a)Total diluted basis with conversion/amortisation of OCAs(b) Case 1 Case 2 Before issue of new shares -0 05 € 0 16 € 0 27 € 0 25 € After issue of 4 089 628 new shares (i.e. 115% of the Offer following exercise of the extension clause) 0 07 € 0 25 € 0 35 € 0 33 € (a) Reflects the dilution of :950 700 free shares granted by the Company during the vesting period.3 635 556 warrants issued in December 2024 may give the right to subscribe to a total of 4 606 249 shares at a price of 2.25 euros per share  after adjustment for the transaction. (b) Reflects the circumstances in which the bonds convertible into new shares and redeemable for shares (OCAs) issued on February 28  2024 and February 7  2025 may be exercised  in accordance with the terms set out below.The dilution cases relating to the OCAs are based on the following assumptions:Case 1 In the event of conversion of all the OCAs at the conversion price of 1.655 euros after adjustment arising from the transaction (which is subject to adjustment).The Company makes no repayments in shares. Case 2 The OCA holder chooses not to convert any OCAs into shares.The Company has opted to redeem all of the OCAs in shares and the redemption based on a floor price of 1 euro (subject to the investor holding 9.99% of the Company's capital). Common assumptions Calculated on the basis of the number of shares comprising the Company's share capital prior to completion of the transaction  i.e. 46 230 596 shares.The holder of the convertible bonds never holds more than 9.99% of the Company's share capital at the time of each conversion or redemption into shares.Impact of the capital increase on the situation of the 1% shareholder who did not subscribe to the transactionFor information purposes  the impact of the capital increase on the situation of a shareholder holding 1% of CROSSJECT's share capital prior to the capital increase and not subscribing to it would be as shown below.Shareholding of a shareholder holding 1% of the capital prior to the offerBase Non-dilutedPrimary diluted basis(a)Total diluted basis with conversion/amortisation of OCAs(b) Case 1 Case 2 Before issue of new shares 1 00 % 0 89% 0 82% 0 78% After issue of 4 089 628 new shares (i.e. 115% of the Offer following exercise of the extension clause) 0 93% 0 82% 0 76% 0 73% (a) Reflects the dilution of :950 700 free shares granted by the Company during the vesting period.3 635 556 warrants issued in December 2024 may give the right to subscribe to a total of 4 606 249 shares at a price of 2.25 euros per share  after adjustment for the transaction. (b) Reflects the circumstances in which the bonds convertible into new shares and redeemable for shares (OCAs) issued on February 28  2024 and February 7  2025 may be exercised  in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below.CROSSJECT is advised in this transaction by D'Hoir Beaufre Associés.CIC Market Solutions acts as Lead Manager and Bookrunner.Delivery date and listing of the New SharesThe new shares  which will be subject to all the provisions of the Articles of Association  will be issued with dividend rights. They will be assimilated to existing shares as soon as they are issued.They will be the subject of an application for admission to trading on Euronext Growth. They will be listed on the same line as existing shares and will be fully assimilated to them as soon as they are admitted for trading.Settlement-delivery and listing of the new shares on Euronext Growth Paris is scheduled for June 27  2025.Risk factors relating to the OfferShareholders who did not exercise their pre-emptive rights will see their interest in the Company's capital diluted;The market price of the Company's shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the new shares at any time after the close of the offering;The volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantly;Shareholders could see their stake in the Company's capital diluted in the event of a new call on the market.Issuer risk factorsThe Company draws the public's attention to the risk factors relating to its activities presented in section 8. Analysis of business trends in relation to the volume and complexity of business in its 2024 annual report  online on the Company's website (www.crossject.com) and in notes 3. a) ""Going concern"" and 27 ""Events after the period-end"" to the 2024 annual financial statements.About CROSSJECTCROSSJECT SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.CROSSJECT.com) is an emerging specialty pharmaceutical company. It is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an emergency treatment in the management of epileptic seizures for which CROSSJECT has woń a $60 million contract* from BARDA. ZEPIZURE® is based on the award-winning ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector  which enables patients and their untrained caregivers to easily and instantly perform an intramuscular injection in emergency situations  on bare skin or even through clothing. The company is currently developing other products  notably for the emergency treatment of allergic shock  adrenal insufficiency  opioid overdoses and asthma attacks.* Project funded in whole or in part under contract 75A50122C00031 with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS); Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; BARDA.For further information  please contact:Investor Relationsinvestors@crossject.comWarningThis document and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase any securities of CROSSJECT.No communication or information relating to the issue by the Company of its shares may be distributed to the public in any country in which registration or approval is required. No steps have been or will be taken in any country in which such registration or approval would be required. The issue or subscription of shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain countries. The Company assumes no liability for any breach by any person of such restrictions.This document does not constitute  and shall not be deemed to constitute  an offer to the public  an offer to purchase  or an offer to solicit public interest in a public offering. The distribution of this document may  in certain countries  be subject to specific regulations. Persons in possession of this document must inform themselves of any local restrictions and comply with them.With regard to the Member States of the European Economic Area (including France) (the ""Member States"")  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities  the subject of this document  requiring the publication of a prospectus in any of the Member States. Consequently  the Company's securities cannot and will not be offered in any Member State  except in accordance with the exemptions provided for in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or in other cases not requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus under Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in that Member State.For the purposes of this disclaimer  the term ""offer to the public"" in relation to any shares of the Company in any Member State means the communication  in any form and by any means  of sufficient information about the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered  so as to put an investor in a position to decide to purchase or subscribe to the securities  as may be modified by the Member State. The term ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended from time to time  and includes any relevant implementing measures in the Member State.This document does not constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation to purchase securities of the Company in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation may be restricted. The Company's securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). The Company's securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and the Company does not intend to make a public offering of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this document (including any form of communication) is subject to the restrictions set out in Section 21 Restrictions on Financial Promotion of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (""FMSA""). This document is intended for and directed only at persons who (i) are outside the United Kingdom  (ii) have professional experience in matters relating to investments and are ""investment professionals"" as that term is defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  (iii) are referred to in Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies""  ""unincorporated associations""  etc.) of the Order  and (iv) are not resident in the United Kingdom.) of the Order  and (iv) any other person to whom this document may lawfully be communicated (all such persons referred to in (i)  (ii)  (iii) and (iv) together being referred to as the ""Qualified Persons""). This document must not be used in the United Kingdom by persons who are not Qualified Persons. Any investment relating to this document may only be offered to or made in the United Kingdom with Qualified Persons.This press release may not be published  transmitted or distributed directly or indirectly in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.1 The current conversion ratio would increase from 59 630.292 to 60 422.957.Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.26,0.28,True,English,"['successful capital increase', 'full exercise', 'extension clause', 'CROSSJECT', 'award-winning ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector', 'initial commercial production stages', 'ZEPIZURE® EUA submission platform', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'initial production stages', '13th extraordinary resolutions', 'preferential subscription rights', 'US national preparedness', 'pre-emptive subscription rights', 'final registration phases', 'other product candidates', 'non-dilutive financing complements', 'first manufacturing cycle', 'Combined General Meeting', 'net working capital', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'second NDA filing', 'final development phases', 'additional financing needs', 'successful capital increase', 'final production', 'other stages', 'initial target', 'EUA batches', 'successful completion', 'subscription price', 'second quarter', 'US partner', 'subscription period', 'final steps', 'ZENEO® Adrenaline', 'ZENEO® Hydrocortisone', 'Vatel Capital', 'other projects', 'net amount', 'net proceeds', 'first confirmation', 'first delivery', 'first payments', 'first deliveries', 'Press release', 'Gemmes Venture', 'new investor', 'late-stage clinical', 'regulatory development', 'emergency treatment', 'epileptic seizures', 'gross amount', 'important step', 'closing price', 'Patrick ALEXANDRE', 'special thanks', 'American partner', 'financial security', 'validation batches', 'CHEMPACK program', 'chemical threats', 'Development Authority', 'significant portion', 'related inventories', 'R&D', 'financial creditors', 'administrative expenses', 'development costs', 'United States', 'financial flexibility', 'cash flow', 'third quarter', 'additional funds', 'maximum amount', 'Future payments', 'major contribution', 'Legal framework', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Operation results', 'final addition', 'full exercise', 'Total demand', 'ZEPIZURE® story', 'oversubscription rate', 'Management Board', 'The Company', 'extension clause', 'ordinary shares', 'May communication', '9,2 million euros', '5.7 million', '9.20 euros', '1.40 euros', '6,550,458 shares', '3,556,199 shares', 'CROSSJECT', 'Transaction', 'support', 'investment', 'Dijon', 'France', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'DPS', 'Offer', 'continuation', '22.6% discount', 'June', 'Chairman', 'shareholders', 'subscriptions', 'confidence', 'process', 'commercialization', 'Objectives', 'preparation', 'FDA', 'schedule', 'data', 'receipt', 'agreement', 'BARDA', 'resources', 'infrastructure', 'USA', 'developments', 'issue', 'start-up', 'build-up', 'reimbursement', 'obligations', 'end', 'order', 'warrants', 'December', 'basis', '7th', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'sub-delegation', 'view', 'level', '5,725']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51508,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3103938/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2025  in total......,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2025  in total 7 472 067 shares were repurchased during the week of 16 June 2025 up to and including 20 June 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €17.97 for a total amount of €134 248 755.73. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 35 099 968 at an average price of €18.36 for a total consideration of €644 522 491.94. To date approximately 32.23% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Raymond Vermeulen ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.16,0.72,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'ING Group Investor Relations', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'related international respon', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'related market disruption', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'other forward-looking statements', 'ING Group shares', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Investor enquiries', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial services', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'tax laws', 'Raymond Vermeulen', '7,472,067 shares', 'Progress', '2 May', '16 June', '20 June', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3104120/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-s-as-at-31-May-2025.html,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value(s) as at 31 May 2025,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS)May 2025 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES   ...,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS)May 2025 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATESGuernsey  June 24  2025AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for May 2025. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).Performance and Portfolio ActivityDear Investors In May  Volta Finance’s net performance reached +3.3% bringing the performance from August 2024 to date to +10.7%. Our investments in CLO Debt and CLO Equity recovered some of their post-liberation day volatility due to improved market sentiment.May saw a more positive macroeconomic environment  helping markets recover most of the losses from the previous month. The 90-day tariff rollback from Washington towards China signaled a pause in the U.S. Both European and US Equity markets rose sharply  while credit indices showed a V-shaped recovery. U.S. 30-year Treasury yields rose above 5% for the first time since October 2023 after Moody’s downgraded the U.S. credit rating. Although yields fell back later in the month  this jump reminded investors of ongoing worries about fiscal health.In terms of macroeconomic data  US inflation was encouraging as CPIs cooled to 2.3 % year-on-year while the euro-area inflation held at 2.2 %. Impacted by tariffs  the U.S. Q1 GDP contracted by an annualized 0.3 % due to pre-tariff stockpiling  while the Eurozone experienced growth of +0.3% quarter-on-quarter  supported by resilient demand in the Services industry. Labor markets also showed positive figures on both sides of the Atlantic  with the euro-area unemployment rate reaching a record-low of 6.2 % notably.Credit markets performed strongly in May. The European High Yield index (Xover) was around 50bps tighter and closed 300bps. On the Loan side  Euro Loans closed almost 1pt up at 97.80px (Morningstar European Leveraged Loan Index) while US Loans closed c. 1 pt up at 96.70px. The primary CLO markets were active again  with levels tightening across the capital structure  notably with BBs in the Mid +500bps. In terms of performance  US BBs total returned +3% on the month. For comparison  US High Yield returned +1.7% in the same period while Euro High Yield was down +1.3% and Global Loans up +1.5%.In terms of loan fundamentals  default rates remained steady at 4.4% in the US (including Liability Management Exercises) but we noticed an uptick in downgrades with 12% of B- exposures downgraded down to CCC category by S&P in the US loan market.Due to ongoing uncertainties  we consciously decided not to fully reinvest our 16% cash position at the end of April. We ended May with c.10% of Volta’s NAV in cash  with capital deployment into €10.7m of CLO debt tranches as well as into our 2 warehouses. Our European CLO warehouse was converted into an effective CLO Equity at the end of the month. In addition  Volta Finance’s cashflow generation remained stable at €28.1m equivalent in interests and coupons over the last six months  representing close to 21% of May’s NAV on an annualized basis.Over the month  Volta’s CLO Equity tranches returned +5.9%** while CLO Debt tranches returned +2.8% performance**. The dollar slipped to a six-week low against the Euro at $1.15 per Euro with very limited impact of our long dollar exposure in terms of performance (-0.02%). In this uncertain macroeconomic environment  we have kept our net long USD exposure at c.13% to limit the potential for margin calls.As of end of May 2025  Volta’s NAV was €271.8m  i.e. €7.43 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 0.24% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 0.17% as at 30 April 2025  0.07% as at 31 March 2025.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCavendish Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 800 professionals and €859 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2024.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['Net Asset Value(s', 'Volta Finance Limited', '31 May', 'Morningstar European Leveraged Loan Index', 'U.S. 30-year Treasury yields', 'The European High Yield index', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'U.S. Q1 GDP', 'François Touati francois', 'net long USD exposure', 'U.S. credit rating', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'US High Yield', 'European CLO warehouse', 'Euro High Yield', 'post-liberation day volatility', '90-day tariff rollback', 'Liability Management Exercises', 'last six months', 'long dollar exposure', 'residual currency effects', 'Cavendish Securities plc', 'uncertain macroeconomic environment', 'euro-area unemployment rate', 'effective CLO Equity', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'CLO debt tranches', 'positive macroeconomic environment', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'primary CLO markets', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'US BBs total', 'US loan market', 'US Equity markets', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'May 2025 monthly report', 'S&P', 'Loan side', 'loan fundamentals', 'Credit markets', 'credit indices', 'macroeconomic data', 'limited impact', 'euro-area inflation', 'positive figures', 'US inflation', 'US Loans', 'full report', 'Labor markets', 'net performance', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'market sentiment', 'V-shaped recovery', 'first time', 'ongoing worries', 'fiscal health', 'pre-tariff stockpiling', 'resilient demand', 'Services industry', 'capital structure', 'Mid +500bps', 'Global Loans', 'default rates', 'uptick in', 'B- exposures', 'CCC category', 'ongoing uncertainties', 'capital deployment', 'cashflow generation', 'six-week low', 'margin calls', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'asset classes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euro Loans', 'same period', 'period ends', 'Portfolio Activity', 'Dear Investors', '16% cash position', 'annualized basis', 'Company Secretary', 'month-end date', 'previous month', 'NAV information', '+2.8% performance', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'June', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'August', 'investments', 'losses', 'Washington', 'China', 'pause', 'October', 'Moody', 'terms', 'CPIs', 'tariffs', 'Eurozone', 'growth', 'quarter', 'sides', 'Atlantic', 'record-low', 'Xover', 'levels', 'comparison', 'downgrades', 'April', 'c.', '2 warehouses', 'addition', 'interests', 'coupons', 'potential', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'price', '31 March', 'performances', 'Dietz-performance', 'assets', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', '2.2 %.', '97', '96', '44']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51510,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/06/24/3104528/0/en/GROUPE-PARTOUCHE-Solid-Half-Year-Income-in-a-period-of-significant-growth-investments.html,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Solid Half-Year Income in a period of significant growth investments,Solid Half-Year Income in a period of significant growth investments  Turnover: € 233.3 M (+5.7 %)EBITDA: € 55.3 M compared to 41.0 €M at 1st Half-year......,"Solid Half-Year Incomein a period of significant growth investmentsTurnover: € 233.3 M (+5.7 %)EBITDA: € 55.3 M compared to 41.0 €M at 1 st Half-year 2024Net Income: € 12.6 M compared to € 7.1 M at 1 st Half-year 2024Financial situation: gearing of 0.5x and leverage of 2.4xParis  24th June 2025  06:00 p.m. - During its meeting held on the 24th June 2025 and after having reviewed the management report of Groupe Partouche Executive Board  the Supervisory Board examined the audited accounts of the 1st half-year 2024-2025 (November 2024 to April 2025).Strong Business MomentumThe positive momentum of activity over the half-year was reflected in a Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) increase of +4.2% to € 361.5 M and a revenue increase of +5.7% to € 233.5 M.The Group’s EBITDA increased by +35.1% to € 55.3 M (i.e. 23.7% of turnover) compared with € 41.0 M (18.6% of turnover) in the first half of 2024.The Group’s Current Operational Income (COI) came in € 24.3 M compared to € 15.5 M in the first half of 2024 (+56.9%) with this increase occurring across all three business segments (casinos  hotels and others).The casinos COI reached € 30.8 M  compared with € 24.3 M in the first half of 2024 (+26.7%)  notably driven by strong performance from:The casino of Aix-en-Provence (+€ 1.9 M) following substantial work on its cost structure;The casinos of Annemasse (+€ 1.3 M) and La Tour-de-Salvagny (+€ 0.3 M) demonstrating the relevance of the recent improvements;Online gaming in Middelkerke (Belgium)  in operation since 29th January 2024 (+€0.9 M).Conversely  the Royal Palm in Cannes (formerly known as Casino 3.14)  which moved to the Palm Beach site on the 2nd December 2024  was penalized by strongly seasonal activity (-€ 1.6 M) prior to the start of the summer period.The negative COI of the hotels has improved to –€1.2 M  compared with –€ 2.7 M in H1 2024.Finally  for the first half of 2025  the negative COI of the « others » sector improved to –€ 5.3 M  versus –€ 6.2 M in H1 2024  despite including in this sector the real estate company (SCI) that holds the building of the avenue de la Grande Armée  whose COI is also in deficit (–€ 0.9 M).Purchases and external expenses amounting to € 77.0 M rose by +€4.3 M (+5.9 %)  notably due to:an increase in material purchases (–8.2 %) in line with the rise in catering and hotel’s revenue  in professional fees and related expenses (services and partnerships  commissions  fees…)  and in subcontracting costs;conversely  a decrease in advertising/marketing expenses linked to better control of this category and the cessation of sport betting activities.Personnel expenses amounted to € 83.9 M  down by € 6.7 M  notably due to the extinction of social security liabilities (+€ 12.2 M  see Annex). Excluding the impact of this settlement  personnel expenses increased by € 6.0 M. Salaries and social security contributions increased by € 5.4 M following  on the one hand  the increase in headcount of +5.3% (including the integration of the Casino Cannes 50 Croisette and the casino of Cotonou teams) and on the other hand  an agreement on minimum collective agreements and an increase in night-shift premiums from 1st February 2025. Also noteworthy is the increase in employee participation of € 0.5 M.Net Income amounted to € 12.6 M  compared to € 7.1 M on 30th April 2024 (+77.2%)  taking into account the following items:a non- recurring operating loss of – € 0.5 M compared with -€ 1.0 M in H1 2024  mainly due to accelerated depreciation charges on Club Berri in anticipation of its relocation in the building of the avenue de la Grande Armée (–€ 0.4 M);a financial result of - € 4.1 M (compared to - € 1.0 M in H1 2024). The cost of financial debt is up in line with the Group’s gross debt evolution  while the average annual interest rate remained relatively stable. In addition  investment income declined due to the Group’s cash consumption. Furthermore  financial expenses include a mark-to-market adjustment of the interest rate swap used to hedge the financing of the acquisition of the building avenue de la Grande Armée  amounting to –€ 0.7 M;A tax expense (CVAE included) of -€ 6.7 M (compared to -€ 6.1 M in H1 2024) which includes the use of deferred tax assets linked to the Group’s tax consolidation for –€ 1.9 M.With net cash (after levies) of € 75.3 M  shareholders’equity of € 370.0 and net debt of € 172.0 M (constructed in accordance with the terms of the syndicated loan agreement  according to the former IAS 17 standards  excluding IFRS 16)  the Group's financial structure remains sound. The marked increase in net debt is linked to the financing of the building avenue de la Grande Armée acquisition.RECENT EVENTS AND PERSPECTIVESExecution of the Financière Partouche safeguard planFurther to the amendment of Financière Partouche's safeguard plan which took place on 26 May 20251  Financière Partouche made an early payment  to the plan's execution commissioner  of the outstanding liabilities due under the said plan established by judgment dated 30th June 2014  using the proceeds of a bank loan. The court has been petitioned to acknowledge the proper execution of the plan.AVAILABILITY OF THE 2025 HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL REPORTThe 1st half-year financial report as of 30th April 2025 is available today on the Group's website www.groupepartouche.com under the Finance section.Upcoming events:- 3rd quarter financial information: Tuesday 9th September 2025  after stock market closure- 4th quarter turnover: Tuesday 9th December 2025  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 4 050 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment B. ISIN: FR0012612646 - Reuters PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPAnnexConsolidated incomeIn €M - At 30th April (6 months) 2025 2024 Difference Var. Turnover 233.3 220.6 12.7 +5.7% Purchases & External Expenses (77.0) (72.6) (4.3) +5.9% Taxes & Duties (10.5) (10.2) (0.3) +2.8% Employees Expenses (83.9) (90.6) 6.7 -7.4% Depreciation  amortisation & impairment of fixed assets (29.5) (25.2) (4.3) +17.0% Other current  income & current operating expenses (8.2) (6.5) (1.7) +26.0% Current Operating Income 24.3 15.5 (8.8) +56.9% Other non-current income & operating expenses (0.5) (1.0) 0.5 - Gain (loss) on the sale of consolidated expenses - - - - Impairment of non-current assets - - - - Non-current Operating Income (0.5) (1.0) 0.5 - Operating Income 23.8 14.5 9.3 +64.4% Financial Income (4.1) (1.0) (3.0) - Income before tax 19.7 13.4 6.3 +46.9% Corporate Income (6.2) (5.6) (0.6) - CVAE Taxes (0.4) (0.4) - - Income after Tax 13.1 7.4 5.7 +77.6% Shares in earnings of equity-accounted associates (0.4) (0.2) (0.2) - Total Net Income 12.6 7.1 5.5 +77.2% o/w Group’ share 12.6 5.1 7.5EBITDA (*) 55.3 41.0 14.4 +35.1% Margin EBITDA / Turnover 23.7% 18.6% +5.1 pt(*) considering the application of IFRS 16 which has the automatic effect of improving EBITDA by € 9.5 M in H1 2025 and by € 7.6 M in H1 2024.Taxes and Duties represent an expense of € 10.5 M compared to € 10.2 M in the first half of 2024.After maintaining in recent fiscal years the cautious position adopted as of 31st October 2021  due to certain uncertainties regarding the treatment of aids related to social security contributions received during the Covid health crisis  Groupe Partouche has adjusted its liabilities and reduced them by € 12.2 M as of 31st March 2025  thereby increasing its EBITDA and Current Operating Income by the same amount (under “personnel expenses” in the consolidated income statement). Excluding this effect  EBITDA stands at € 43.1 M (18.5% of revenue)  up € 2.2 M (+5.3%) compared to the previous year.The increase in depreciation and amortization on fixed assets  up +17.0% to € 29.5 M  reflects the robust investment program in the Group’s establishments as well as the acquisitions of the building avenue de la Grande Armée and of the casino Cannes 50 Croisette.Other current operating income and expenses represent a net expense of - € 8.2 M compared to - € 6.5 M in the first half of 2024.Operating income stands at € 23.8 M compared to € 14.5 M in HY 2024 and income before tax at € 19.7 M compared to € 13.4 M in HY 2024.The consolidated net income for the half-year is a profit of € 12.6 M compared to € 7.1 M as at 30th April 2024  of which the Group’s share is a profit of € 12.6 M compared to € 5.1 M on 30th of April 2024.Balance SheetTotal net assets as of 30th April 2025 represent € 942.2 M compared to € 845.1 M as of 31st October 2024. The noteworthy changes over the period are as follows:an increase in non-current assets of € 92.4 M  mainly due to the net rise in property  plant and equipment of € 89.6 M  notably including the acquisition of the building avenue de la Grande Armée for € 68.1 M (including work-in-progress and considering the down payment made in the previous year)  the recognition of a right-of-use asset related to the amendment of the real estate lease contract of casino Meyrin in Switzerland under IFRS 16 in connection with renovation works (€ 11.2 M)  the IFRS 16 recognition of Casino Cannes 50 Croisette’s lease following its inclusion in the consolidation scope (€ 11.8 M)  and the volume of ongoing capital expenditures (in particular in the casinos of La Tour-de-Salvagny (€ 4.1 M)  Cotonou (€ 1.7 M) and Vichy (€ 1.5 M);a decrease in current assets of € 2.3 M  mainly due to consumption of cash of € 7.3 M offset by an increase in the items ""customers and other debtors"" of € 3.2 M and “other current assets” of € 2.2 M;reclassification of € 7.0 M under IFRS 5 to “assets held for sale ” corresponding to the real estate asset that housed the Hotel 3.14 then the Casino 3.14 in Cannes  for which the sale agreement is expected to be signed shortly.On the liabilities side  shareholders' equity  including minority interests  went from € 365.0 M on 31st October 2024 to € 370.0 M on 30th April 2025  including a profit for the period of € 12.6 M.The financial debt on 30th April 2025  increased by € 84.0 M (current & non-current shares) compared to 31st October 2024  taking into account:The arrangement of new bank loans for + € 80.4 M including € 60.0 M for the financing of the acquisition of the builduing avenue de la Grande Armée  € 10.0 M drawn from the revolving credit facility  and various renovation-related financings;The repayment of bank borrowings totaling -€13.5 M  including the two quarterly installments of the syndicated loan paid on 31 st January and 30 th April 2025  amounting to -€ 5.4 M;January and 30 April 2025  amounting to -€ 5.4 M; as well as flows related to lease contracts accounted for under IFRS 16.Financial structure – Summary of net debtThe Group's financial structure can be assessed using the following table (constructed in accordance with the terms of the syndicated loan agreement  based on the former IAS 17 standards  excluding IFRS 16).In €M 30/04/25 31/10/24 30/04/24 Equity 370.0 365.0 367.3 EBITDA * 72.5 60.0 61.9 Gross Debt 247.4 185.5 171.0 Cash less gaming levies 75.3 81.4 89.8 Net Debt 172.0 104.1 81.2 Ratio Net Debt / Equity (« gearing ») 0.5x 0.3x 0.2x Ratio Net Debt / Consolidated EBITDA (« leverage »)** 2.4x 1.7x 1.3x(*) The consolidated EBITDA used to determine the “leverage” is calculated over a rolling 12-months period  according to the old IAS 17 standard (that is to say before application of IFRS 16).(**) The gross deb includes bank borrowings  bond loans  and finance leases accounted for under the former IAS 17 standard (excluding other leases accounted for under IFRS 16)  accrued interest  other borrowings and financial liabilities  bank loans  and financial instruments.GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Turnover excluding NGR  includes all non-gaming activities i.e. catering  hotels  shows ticketing  spas  etc.“Current Operating Income” COI includes all the expenses and income directly related to the Group's activities to the extent that these elements are recurrent  usual in the operating cycle or that they result from specific events or decisions pertaining to the Group's activities.The ""Non-Current Operating Income"" (NCOI) includes all non-current and unusual events of the operating cycle: it therefore includes the depreciation of fixed assets (Impairments)  the result from the sale of consolidated investments  the result from the sale of asset  other miscellaneous non-current operating income and expenses not related to the usual operating cycle.Consolidated EBITDA is made up of the balance of income and expenses of the current operating income  excluding depreciation (allocations and reversals) and provisions (allocations and reversals) linked to the Group’ business activity included in the current operating income but excluded from Ebitda due to their non-recurring nature.Gearing is the ratio of net debt to equity.« Leverage » is the ratio of net debt to EBITDA.1 Cf Q2 2025 turnover press release  published on 10 June 2025 and available on groupe.partouche.com/Finance.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.22,0.61,True,English,"['Solid Half-Year Income', 'significant growth investments', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'period', 'la Grande Armée acquisition', 'Financière Partouche safeguard plan', 'average annual interest rate', 'Groupe Partouche Executive Board', 'significant growth investments Turnover', 'interest rate swap', 'three business segments', 'real estate company', 'sport betting activities', 'social security contributions', 'minimum collective agreements', 'recurring operating loss', 'accelerated depreciation charges', 'former IAS 17 standards', 'Palm Beach site', 'social security liabilities', 'Current Operational Income', 'deferred tax assets', 'gross debt evolution', 'Strong Business Momentum', 'syndicated loan agreement', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Solid Half-Year Income', 'Casino Cannes 50 Croisette', 'La Tour-de-Salvagny', 'Supervisory Board', 'positive momentum', 'strong performance', 'Online gaming', 'Royal Palm', 'outstanding liabilities', 'Net Income', 'investment income', 'tax expense', 'tax consolidation', 'financial debt', 'net debt', '1 st Half-year', 'Financial situation', '24th June', 'management report', '1st half-year', 'first half', 'substantial work', 'recent improvements', '29th January', '2nd December', 'external expenses', 'related expenses', 'subcontracting costs', 'advertising/marketing expenses', 'Personnel expenses', 'one hand', 'Cotonou teams', 'other hand', 'night-shift premiums', '1st February', 'employee participation', 'following items', 'Club Berri', 'financial result', 'cash consumption', 'financial expenses', 'market adjustment', 'net cash', 'shareholders’equity', 'financial structure', 'RECENT EVENTS', 'PERSPECTIVES Execution', 'early payment', 'execution commissioner', '30th June', 'cost structure', 'seasonal activity', 'summer period', 'material purchases', 'professional fees', '30th April', 'negative COI', 'GGR) increase', 'revenue increase', 'marked increase', 'The Group', 'others » sector', 'building avenue', 'EBITDA', 'gearing', '0.5x', 'leverage', '2.4x', 'Paris', 'meeting', 'accounts', 'November', 'casinos', 'hotels', 'Provence', 'Annemasse', 'relevance', 'Middelkerke', 'Belgium', 'start', 'H1', 'SCI', 'deficit', 'rise', 'catering', 'services', 'partnerships', 'commissions', 'decrease', 'control', 'category', 'cessation', 'extinction', 'Annex', 'impact', 'settlement', 'Salaries', 'headcount', 'integration', 'anticipation', 'relocation', 'addition', 'financing', 'CVAE', 'use', 'levies', 'accordance', 'terms', 'IFRS', 'amendment', 'place', '26 May', 'judgment', '€', '06:00', '1.5', '3.5', '23.', '1.0']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,globenewswire.com
51511,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0326809,Analysis of global stock market development—Integration of clustering  classification  and shapley values,This study aims to analyze the development of global stock exchanges by integrating clustering  classification  and Shapley Values to identify growth patterns and understand the differences in market characteristics and dynamics. The research applies the K-me…,This study aims to analyze the development of global stock exchanges by integrating clustering  classification  and Shapley Values to identify growth patterns and understand the differences in market characteristics and dynamics. The research applies the K-means algorithm for clustering  which enables the segmentation of exchanges based on their similarities. This is followed by using the random forest algorithm to classify these clusters and evaluate the importance of various features. Shapley Values are employed to interpret the contribution of individual variables to the model’s predictions  considering all possible combinations of features. The empirical analysis is based on data from 82 stock exchanges worldwide  sourced from organizations such as the World Federation of Exchanges and the International Monetary Fund. Key variables used include market capitalization  trading value  the number of listed companies  and share turnover velocity. The results highlight the significant heterogeneity among exchanges  with major markets like those in China and the United States forming distinct clusters due to their size  capitalization  and high trading activity. This distinction underscores their dominant position in the global financial landscape. Moreover  exchanges that have emerged from mergers  such as Euronext and NASDAQ Nordic  demonstrate superior characteristics compared to their peers  indicating that consolidation can be an effective strategy for competing with larger markets and enhancing global competitiveness. The study’s findings show that integrating clustering  classification  and Shapley Values is a robust approach for uncovering complex structures within financial markets. This approach provides deeper insights for market participants and policymakers into the growth patterns and strategic positioning of stock exchanges  offering valuable implications for future market development and competition strategies.Copyright: © 2025 Marcin Stawarz. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License   which permits unrestricted use  distribution  and reproduction in any medium  provided the original author and source are credited.By achieving these objectives  the study contributes to the existing literature by offering a comprehensive methodology that not only classifies stock exchanges but also elucidates the factors driving their development and competitiveness. This integrative approach addresses the need for both analytical rigor and interpretability in financial modeling.Recent work has already applied SHAP explanations to market-level problems. Babaei et al. used SHAP to optimise crypto-asset portfolios and showed that feature attributions improve allocation transparency [ 41 ]. Giudici  Polinesi & Spelta built network models for robo-advisory portfolios and interpreted edge centralities with SHAP values [ 42 ]. More recently  Ahelegbey & Giudici introduced NetVIX  a network-based volatility index whose drivers are likewise revealed through SHAP analysis [ 43 ]. All three studies operate at the individual asset or network-edge level and employ supervised or community-detection approaches. By contrast  the present paper (i) clusters entire stock exchanges using unsupervised methods  (ii) constructs a classifier that generalises those clusters  and (iii) explains group membership with SHAP—thereby extending explainable clustering from securities to the market level and uncovering structural commonalities among exchanges worldwide.Despite advancements in understanding stock exchange dynamics  several controversies persist. The impact of consolidation on market efficiency and competition remains debated. While some studies advocate that consolidation leads to enhanced liquidity and reduced transaction costs [ 29 ]  others argue that it may result in monopolistic structures  reducing competition and potentially harming market participants [ 42 ]. Concerns about systemic risks associated with large  interconnected exchanges have also been raised [ 43 ]. The adoption of high-frequency and algorithmic trading presents another area of contention. While these technologies have improved market efficiency  they have been associated with flash crashes and increased market volatility [ 44 ]. The “Flash Crash” of May 6  2010  highlighted the potential instability of electronic markets and the challenges in regulatory oversight [ 45 ]. Balancing innovation with the potential systemic risks introduced by technological advancements remains a critical concern [ 46 ]. The use of complex machine learning models in financial analysis introduces challenges related to interpretability and transparency [ 47 ]. Regulators and practitioners are concerned about the “black-box” nature of some models  which can obscure the reasoning behind predictions and hinder accountability [ 48 – 50 ]. This has led to an emphasis on developing interpretable models and methods to explain model outputs [ 40   51 ].Several studies have explored the determinants of stock exchange development and competitiveness. Pagano [ 24 ] analyzed the factors influencing financial market growth  highlighting the role of legal and regulatory frameworks. La Porta et al. [ 25 ] emphasized the importance of investor protection laws and corporate governance standards in fostering market development. Levine and Zervos [ 26 ] investigated the relationship between stock market development and economic growth  finding a positive correlation between the two. Technological innovation is a critical driver of stock exchange efficiency. Hasan et al. [ 27 ] examined the impact of automation on stock exchange performance  finding that technological advancements enhance trading efficiency and liquidity. Hendershott et al. [ 28 ] studied the effects of algorithmic trading on market quality  concluding that it improves liquidity but may also increase volatility under certain conditions. The consolidation of stock exchanges has been extensively researched. Nielsson [ 29 ] studied the merger of European exchanges and its impact on market liquidity  finding that consolidation generally enhances liquidity. Orzeszko and Stawarz [ 15 ] utilized cluster analysis to examine the development of European stock markets  highlighting disparities and similarities among them. Their findings suggest that clustering methods can effectively identify patterns and group exchanges based on performance indicators. Clustering and classification methods are valuable tools in financial research for identifying patterns and grouping entities based on similarities. Jain [ 30 ] provided an overview of data clustering techniques and their applications. In the context of stock markets  clustering has been used to segment markets based on risk profiles [ 31 ]  trading behaviors [ 32 ]  and financial performance [ 33 ]. Machine learning techniques  such as random forests introduced by Breiman [ 34 ]  have been utilized for tasks like credit scoring [ 35 ]  bankruptcy prediction [ 36 ]  and stock price prediction [ 37 ]  owing to their ability to model complex interactions. Interpretability of machine learning models is crucial in finance  where decision-making requires transparency and understanding of model outputs [ 38 ]. Shapley values  derived from cooperative game theory  have been employed to attribute the contribution of each feature to the model’s predictions [ 39 ]. Lundberg and Lee [ 40 ] developed SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations)  a unified approach using Shapley values for interpreting complex models  enhancing the ability to explain predictions in a consistent manner. Recent studies have contributed to understanding financial market dynamics using advanced analytical methods. For example  Orzeszko and Piotrowski [ 41 ] applied tree-based algorithms to predict robo-advisory acceptance in banking services  demonstrating the effectiveness of machine learning methods in financial contexts. Another study by Buszko et al. [ 23 ] assessed the stability of stock markets during the COVID-19 pandemic using clustering techniques  emphasizing the importance of sectoral analysis.Understanding the development patterns and competitive dynamics of stock exchanges is crucial for policymakers  regulators  and market participants [ 9 ]. Identifying the factors that contribute to the success or underperformance of exchanges can inform strategies to enhance market efficiency  liquidity  and resilience [ 10 ]. Key aspects influencing stock exchange development include market liquidity  trading volume  technological infrastructure  regulatory environment  and the degree of market integration [ 11   12 ]. A significant trend in the evolution of stock exchanges is the consolidation through mergers and acquisitions [ 13 ]. Exchanges such as Euronext and Nasdaq Nordic and Baltic have emerged from the amalgamation of multiple national exchanges  aiming to achieve economies of scale  expand their global reach  and enhance competitiveness [ 14   15 ]. Consolidation can lead to increased efficiency and liquidity but may also raise concerns about market concentration and systemic risks [ 16 ]. The adoption of advanced technologies and trading mechanisms has also played a critical role in shaping stock exchange development [ 17 ]. The implementation of electronic trading systems and algorithmic trading has improved market efficiency and accessibility but has introduced complexities related to market microstructure and potential systemic vulnerabilities [ 18   19 ]. Regulatory bodies face the challenge of overseeing these rapidly evolving markets to ensure transparency  fairness  and stability [ 20 ]. The recent COVID-19 pandemic has underscored the importance of understanding stock market dynamics  as it led to unprecedented volatility and challenges in financial markets globally [ 21 ]. Studies have shown that the pandemic affected different sectors to varying degrees  emphasizing the need for sectoral analysis in assessing stock market stability [ 22 ]. For instance  Buszko et al. [ 23 ] conducted a sectoral approach to evaluate the pandemic’s impact on stock market stability  revealing varied effects across different industries.In recent years  the landscape of global stock exchanges has experienced profound changes driven by globalization  technological advancements  and regulatory reforms [ 5 ]. The integration of financial markets has intensified competition among exchanges  prompting them to innovate and adapt to evolving market dynamics [ 6 ]. Technological innovations such as electronic trading platforms  high-frequency trading  and blockchain technology have transformed trading practices  enhancing efficiency but also introducing new challenges related to market stability and fairness [ 7   8 ].Stock exchanges are fundamental components of the global financial system  providing platforms for companies to raise capital and for investors to trade securities [ 1 ]. They facilitate the allocation of resources  promote economic growth  and contribute to financial stability by enabling price discovery and liquidity provision [ 2   3 ]. The performance and development of stock exchanges have significant implications for the broader economy  influencing investment decisions  corporate financing  and wealth distribution [ 4 ].The study was carried out entirely in Python 3.11 using four open‑source libraries that together cover machine‑learning  visual diagnostics  statistical routines and interpretability: scikit‑learn [ 74 ]  Yellowbrick [ 75 ]  SciPy [ 76 ] and SHAP [ 40 ]. Every raw data file (CSV) and an executable Jupyter notebook (research_code.ipynb) capable of regenerating all tables and figures have been archived under a CC0 waiver at https://doi.org/10.18150/OELMLK   guaranteeing unrestricted reuse and full reproducibility. Fig 8 was also generated entirely by the authors using Geopandas and public domain data from Natural Earth ( http://www.naturalearthdata.com )  and is free of any copyright restrictions.This integrative approach allowed not only the identification of distinct clusters but also an understanding of the underlying factors influencing stock exchange development and competitiveness. By focusing on the interpretability of the model  valuable insights were gained into how specific financial indicators contribute to the positioning of exchanges within the global financial landscape.The methodological framework integrated variable selection  clustering  classification  and interpretability techniques to provide a comprehensive analysis. By optimizing the set of variables to maximize the silhouette score  the clustering captured meaningful patterns in the data. The means clustering identified natural groupings among stock exchanges based on selected financial indicators. The random forest classifier modeled the relationship between features and cluster labels  facilitating interpretation using Shapley values. The interpretability of the model through Shapley values provided insights into feature importance and contributions  enhancing model transparency and understanding.The key steps involved training the random forest classifier using the selected features and cluster labels  computing Shapley values for each feature and instance  and performing both global interpretation (aggregating Shapley values across all instances to determine overall feature importance) and local interpretation (analyzing Shapley values for individual instances to understand specific model decisions).where is the set of all features  is a subset of features not containing   and is the total number of features [ 73 ]. This formula calculates the average marginal contribution of feature across all possible subsets. Since the exact computation of Shapley values is computationally intensive ( complexity)  the Tree SHAP algorithm from the SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations) library was employed  which efficiently computes exact Shapley values for tree-based models like random forests [ 40 ].Shapley values  derived from cooperative game theory  were employed to quantify the contribution of each feature to the prediction of the model [ 39 ]. For a model and an instance   the Shapley value for feature is calculated as:A random forest classifier was used to model the relationship between the stock exchange features and the cluster labels obtained from the means clustering [ 34 ]. Random forest is an ensemble learning method that constructs multiple decision trees and aggregates their predictions  introducing randomness through bootstrap aggregation and feature randomness [ 70 ]. The algorithm involves generating bootstrap samples  constructing decision trees using random subsets of features  and aggregating predictions by taking the mode of the predictions from all trees [ 71 ]. In this study  the classifier’s primary goal was to facilitate the computation of Shapley values for interpreting feature importance  rather than for predictive purposes [ 72 ].where is the average distance between and all other points in the same cluster  and is the minimum average distance from to points in a different cluster [ 69 ].Selecting an appropriate number of clusters is crucial for meaningful clustering results. Two methods were employed: the elbow method and the silhouette score. The elbow method involves plotting the WCSS against a range of values and identifying the point where the rate of decrease sharply changes  suggesting an optimal where adding more clusters does not significantly reduce the WCSS [ 68 ]. The silhouette score measures how similar an observation is to its own cluster compared to other clusters  defined as:The algorithm involves initializing centroids  assigning each observation to the nearest centroid based on the Euclidean distance  recalculating centroids as the mean of all observations assigned to each cluster  and repeating the process until assignments no longer change or the change in the objective function is below a predefined threshold [ 66 ]. While -means is advantageous due to its simplicity and computational efficiency  it is sensitive to initial centroid positions and requires specifying the number of clusters in advance [ 67 ].where is the total within-cluster variance  is the set of observations in cluster   is the -th observation in cluster   and is the centroid of cluster [ 65 ].The -means clustering algorithm was employed to identify natural groupings among stock exchanges based on the selected financial indicators [ 30 ]. This algorithm partitions observations into clusters  where each observation belongs to the cluster with the nearest mean  serving as the cluster’s centroid [ 64 ]. The algorithm seeks to minimize the within-cluster sum of squares (WCSS)  defined as:To enhance clustering performance and interpretability  variable selection was performed with the objective of maximizing the average silhouette score [ 62 ]. The initial set of 13 variables was iteratively tested  and variables were selected based on their contribution to cluster separation. After evaluation using the silhouette score  seven variables were selected: market capitalization  market capitalization to GDP ratio  value traded (EOB total)  value traded to GDP ratio  share turnover velocity  capitalization per listed company  and number of trades (EOB). These variables provided the highest silhouette score  indicating a better-defined clustering structure [ 63 ].where is the observation vector  is the mean vector  and is the covariance matrix. Observations with exceeding the critical value from the chi-square distribution at a significance level of 0.001 were considered potential outliers and were examined further [ 61 ].where is the standardized value  is the original value  is the mean of the variable  and is the standard deviation [ 58 ]. This standardization centers the data at zero and scales it to have unit variance  which is essential for distance-based clustering methods like -means [ 59 ].An initial set of 13 variables was selected based on their relevance to stock exchange performance and data availability. These variables included market capitalization  market capitalization to GDP ratio  value traded (electronic order book total)  value traded to GDP ratio  share turnover velocity  capitalization per listed company  number of listed companies (total)  foreign listings ratio  domestic listings per capita  number of domestic listed companies  number of foreign listed companies  number of new listings through IPO  and number of trades (EOB). These variables capture various aspects of stock exchange performance  including size  liquidity  trading activity  internationalization  and market dynamism [ 55 – 57 ].The dataset comprised 82 stock exchanges from various regions worldwide  representing a diverse range of economic development levels. Data pertaining to the year 2023 were utilized to ensure the most recent and relevant financial information. Authoritative sources were consulted to ensure accuracy. The World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) provided detailed statistics on stock exchanges  including market capitalization  trading volumes  number of listed companies  and other essential financial indicators [ 52 ]. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) supplied macroeconomic data such as Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and population figures  enabling the calculation of relative financial metrics [ 53 ]. Additional data were obtained directly from the official websites and annual reports of the respective stock exchanges to supplement and verify the collected information. The United Nations Population Division provided updated population data for calculating per capita indicators [ 54 ].A comprehensive methodological framework was employed  integrating data collection  preprocessing  variable selection  clustering using the k-means algorithm  classification with a random forest model  and interpretation of results through Shapley values. This approach facilitated an in-depth analysis of global stock exchanges  enabling the identification of development patterns and key factors influencing their positions within the global financial system.Results and discussionThe analysis of global stock exchanges was initiated through the application of clustering techniques to reveal inherent groupings within the dataset. The k-means algorithm was employed to identify these clusters  with the number of clusters (k) being a crucial parameter in defining the cohesion and separation of the resulting groups. The evaluation of clustering effectiveness was guided by two key diagnostic metrics: the silhouette coefficient and the distortion score. These metrics provided complementary perspectives on the quality of the clustering and were instrumental in determining the most appropriate number of clusters.The initial phase of this study involved a broader set of variables intended to capture various dimensions of stock exchange performance and characteristics. These variables included measures such as market capitalization  trading volume  the number of listed companies  and other financial indicators. However  to enhance the interpretability and performance of the clustering  a variable selection process was conducted. This process aimed to maximize the silhouette coefficient  ensuring that only the most relevant variables contributing to meaningful cluster separation were retained. Through iterative testing and analysis  variables were carefully evaluated based on their impact on the clustering structure. Variables that did not significantly enhance the silhouette score were excluded from the final set  leading to a more cohesive and well-defined clustering outcome. This selection process ensured that the identified clusters were based on variables with the greatest explanatory power  improving the quality of the clustering and allowing for clearer insights into the underlying relationships within the data.The figures below display five SHAP summary plots—one for each cluster produced by our gradient-boosting model. Every plot consists of two coordinated panels that must be read together. Left-hand panel (beeswarm). Each dot corresponds to a single stock exchange. Its horizontal position is the Shapley value ( ) for the feature on that row and therefore indicates whether the feature pushes the exchange towards the cluster ( )  pulls it away ( )  or has negligible influence ( ). The colour of the dot encodes the measured value of the feature: blue signifies a low value  red a high one. The vertical spread of dots shows how much the feature’s impact varies across exchanges—wide dispersion signals heterogeneity  while a compact band indicates a consistent effect.Right-hand panel (bar chart of mean| |). Bars rank the same features by their mean absolute Shapley value; longer bars mark predictors that  on average  exert the greatest influence on cluster assignment  whereas shorter bars denote variables of limited importance.A practical reading sequence is therefore:Scan the right-hand bars to identify the dominant predictors for the cluster. Consult the beeswarm to determine the direction (positive or negative)  magnitude  and consistency of each predictor’s effect across individual exchanges.All subsequent SHAP figures share this visual grammar. Once familiar with the framework  one can move through clusters 1–5 using the same two-step interpretation strategy described above.Fig 1 offers a comprehensive overview of how the average silhouette coefficient varies with different values of k. The silhouette coefficient measures the degree of similarity between an observation and its assigned cluster compared to other clusters. A higher value indicates that the object is well-matched to its cluster and poorly matched to neighboring clusters  suggesting that the clustering structure is strong and distinct. As shown in the figure  the silhouette coefficient reaches its peak when k equals 5  with a value close to 0.7. This peak indicates that clustering the data into five groups results in the most cohesive and well-separated clusters. When the number of clusters is increased beyond five  the silhouette coefficient decreases significantly  indicating a reduction in cluster quality and an increased likelihood of overlap or poorly defined boundaries.This insight is significant as it suggests that attempting to create more than five clusters results in diminishing returns in terms of clarity and separation  underscoring the robustness of k = 5 as the optimal choice. Clustering with fewer than five clusters results in a loss of granularity  failing to capture the complexity of the data and potentially grouping dissimilar exchanges together.Fig 2 complements the analysis presented in Fig 1 by illustrating the distortion score  which measures the compactness of the clusters. The distortion score is defined as the sum of squared distances from each observation to its cluster centroid. A lower score indicates that points within a cluster are closer to each other  signifying better cohesion. The plot in Fig 2 reveals a clear “elbow” at k = 5  marked by the dashed vertical line. This elbow indicates a point beyond which the addition of more clusters results in a significantly smaller decrease in the distortion score  suggesting that the incremental gain in cohesion does not justify the increased complexity of having additional clusters.The convergence of results from both figures solidifies the decision to select k = 5 as the optimal number of clusters for this analysis. The silhouette coefficient in Fig 1 confirms that five clusters maintain a reasonable structure with distinct separation  while Fig 2 indicates that the reduction in distortion is meaningful up to k = 5 but becomes marginal thereafter.These findings lay the groundwork for a deeper exploration of the characteristics of each cluster. Identifying five distinct groups of stock exchanges based on key financial and operational metrics enables further investigation into the unique attributes and strategic positions of these clusters in the global financial landscape. This comprehensive approach ensures that the analysis not only captures the overall distribution but also emphasizes the distinctiveness of each identified cluster. In subsequent sections  an analysis of the composition and features of these clusters will provide insights into the factors driving the development and competitiveness of stock exchanges worldwide.Following the clustering analysis  which identified five distinct groups of stock exchanges  the focus shifted to interpreting the characteristics of each cluster through a classification model supported by SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations) values. This section presents an in-depth analysis of cluster 1  which comprises exchanges with notable market influence and significant trading activity  though they do not reach the scale of the world’s most dominant markets. Notable exchanges in cluster 1 include the Taipei Exchange  Korea Exchange  Borsa Istanbul  The Stock Exchange of Thailand  TMX Group  ASX Australian Securities Exchange  Japan Exchange Group  Taiwan Stock Exchange  Nasdaq Nordic and Baltics  National Stock Exchange of India  B3 - Brasil Bolsa Balcão  Euronext  and Deutsche Boerse AG. These exchanges serve as crucial financial hubs within their respective regions and play an integral role in global trading activity.Fig 3 presents the SHAP value analysis for cluster 1  offering insights into the significance of various financial features in classifying stock exchanges into this group. The left panel illustrates the distribution of SHAP values for each feature  showing their impact on the model’s predictions  while the right panel displays the average SHAP value magnitude  emphasizing the overall contribution of each feature to the classification process.The analysis reveals that market capitalization (MC) is the most influential feature for determining whether an exchange belongs to cluster 1. High SHAP values associated with MC indicate that exchanges with substantial total market size are more likely to be classified within this group. This observation aligns with the inclusion of significant markets such as Euronext and Deutsche Boerse AG  which have robust market capitalizations and serve as key financial centers. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) is another prominent feature in defining cluster 1. SHAP values show that exchanges with higher average company size are more likely to be associated with this cluster. This suggests that the cluster comprises markets where well-capitalized companies play a substantial role  even if the overall number of listed companies might not be as high as in the largest global markets. Trading activity  represented by value traded (VT_EOB) and the number of trades (NoT_EOB)  also plays a significant role in the classification of cluster 1. High SHAP values for these features indicate that exchanges with high trading volumes and a substantial number of transactions are characteristic of this group. These findings underline the active and liquid nature of the markets in cluster 1  showcasing their importance in regional and international finance. The value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP)  although less impactful than market capitalization or average capitalization per company  still contributes meaningfully to the classification. This feature indicates that exchanges in cluster 1 maintain a notable level of trading activity relative to the size of their national economies  reinforcing their role as significant financial platforms. Share turnover velocity (STV) and the market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) appear with lower average SHAP values  yet they provide additional context in the classification. STV  which measures the trading frequency relative to market size  highlights the liquidity levels  while MC_GDP indicates the relative importance of the stock market within the broader economy.The findings confirm that cluster 1 is characterized by exchanges with substantial market capitalization  a significant average company size  and active trading environments. These attributes position them as influential players in the global financial ecosystem  marked by their strong regional presence and economic impact  albeit not on par with the largest  most dominant global exchanges. This detailed SHAP analysis provides a clear view of the distinguishing features that define cluster 1 and its exchanges’ strategic roles within the global market structure.Fig 4 provides an in-depth SHAP value analysis for cluster 2  illustrating the key financial features that define the classification of stock exchanges within this group. The market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) emerges as the most significant feature for cluster 2  with high SHAP values indicating that exchanges with substantial market capitalization relative to their domestic GDP are more likely to be part of this cluster. This underscores the essential economic role these exchanges play within their respective countries  exemplified by the Tehran Stock Exchange  Johannesburg Stock Exchange  and Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange.Market capitalization (MC) is another critical feature contributing to the classification of cluster 2. High SHAP values for this feature suggest that exchanges with significant total market sizes  such as the SIX Swiss Exchange and the Saudi Exchange (Tadawul)  are central to this group. These exchanges are marked by their robust market presence  reflecting their importance as substantial financial centers. Share turnover velocity (STV) also stands out as a defining characteristic of cluster 2. SHAP analysis shows that high trading frequency relative to market size is a common feature among these exchanges  pointing to their active trading environments and liquidity. This highlights the dynamic market conditions that contribute to their classification. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) contributes meaningfully to the cluster  indicating that markets with larger average company sizes are likely members of cluster 2. This is reflected in exchanges such as Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange  where well-capitalized firms dominate the market landscape. The value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP)  though less impactful than the leading features  still plays a role in the classification. It suggests that exchanges in cluster 2 maintain trading activity that is significant relative to their economic scale  reinforcing their roles as active and vital components of their domestic financial systems. Trading volume metrics  including the number of trades (NoT_EOB) and value traded (VT_EOB)  while showing moderate mean SHAP values  remain relevant to the classification of cluster 2. These features illustrate that exchanges within this cluster  such as the Saudi Exchange (Tadawul) and Johannesburg Stock Exchange  engage in substantial trading activity  setting them apart from smaller or less active markets.Overall  the findings indicate that cluster 2 is characterized by exchanges with significant market capitalization  strong economic relevance within their national economies  and active trading environments. Notable members of this cluster include the Tehran Stock Exchange  Johannesburg Stock Exchange  Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange  SIX Swiss Exchange  and Saudi Exchange (Tadawul). Additionally  exchanges such as the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange  Kuwait Stock Exchange  and Qatar Stock Exchange may share similar characteristics  underscoring the regional prominence and strategic importance of the exchanges within cluster 2 in the global financial ecosystem.Fig 5 provides an in-depth SHAP value analysis for cluster 3  identifying the key financial features that drive the classification of stock exchanges in this group. The most significant feature for cluster 3 is the value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP). High SHAP values for this feature indicate that exchanges with a considerable volume of trading relative to the size of their domestic economy are more likely to be classified in this cluster. This characteristic underscores the substantial trading activity that defines exchanges such as Nasdaq (US) and NYSE.The number of trades (NoT_EOB) also plays a crucial role in defining cluster 3. High SHAP values associated with this feature highlight that exchanges with a high frequency of transactions are characteristic of this group. This reinforces the active trading environment and high liquidity that are hallmarks of cluster 3  emphasizing the dynamic market operations of its members. Value traded (VT_EOB) is another important feature  with SHAP values showing that exchanges with significant trading volumes are prominent in this cluster. This further illustrates the scale of financial activity present in cluster 3  which is consistent with the profiles of major global exchanges like Nasdaq and NYSE  known for their substantial trading activities and market leadership. Share turnover velocity (STV) also contributes notably to the classification  indicating that the frequency at which shares change hands is an important aspect of these exchanges. This feature underscores the efficiency and liquidity of the markets within cluster 3  where trading activity is robust and continuous. Market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) and market capitalization (MC) show moderate SHAP values in the analysis. This suggests that while these features contribute to the identification of cluster 3  they are not as defining as the trading activity metrics. Nonetheless  the substantial size of these exchanges in terms of market capitalization supports their classification within this cluster  marking them as dominant financial powerhouses. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) has a lower mean SHAP value but still provides context. Its inclusion indicates that while the average company size is significant  it is not the primary factor that differentiates this cluster.Overall  the findings for cluster 3 show that it is defined by exchanges with extremely high trading activity  frequent transactions  and substantial market engagement relative to their domestic economies. Key members of this cluster include Nasdaq (US) and NYSE  both exemplifying these characteristics through their leadership in trading volumes  liquidity  and economic influence. This analysis highlights the position of cluster 3 as comprising the most dynamic and influential stock exchanges within the global financial ecosystem.Fig 6 presents the SHAP value analysis for cluster 4  revealing the key features that contribute to the classification of this diverse group of stock exchanges. This cluster encompasses a broad range of markets  representing a significant portion of the global financial landscape. Notable exchanges within this cluster include the Warsaw Stock Exchange  LSE Group London Stock Exchange  Moscow Exchange  and the Bolsa Mexicana de Valores  along with smaller regional markets such as the Armenia Securities Exchange and the Namibian Stock Exchange.The analysis shows that the number of trades (NoT_EOB) is the most significant feature influencing the classification of exchanges into cluster 4. High SHAP values for this feature indicate that trading frequency is a key characteristic of these markets. This suggests that while the exchanges in this cluster vary in size and influence  they are generally defined by substantial trading activity relative to other features. The value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP) follows closely in importance  highlighting that many exchanges in this group maintain a meaningful level of trading activity compared to the size of their domestic economies. This feature reflects the activity levels and economic engagement of these markets  ranging from larger exchanges like the LSE Group London Stock Exchange to smaller ones like the Ghana Stock Exchange. Value traded (VT_EOB) and share turnover velocity (STV) are also significant contributors to the classification. SHAP values for these features emphasize that exchanges in cluster 4 exhibit varied degrees of liquidity and market dynamism. This is consistent with the diversity within the cluster  which includes established exchanges with high trading volumes and others that  while active  have lower overall liquidity. Market capitalization (MC) and market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) show moderate SHAP values  suggesting that while these metrics are relevant  they are not the primary differentiators for cluster 4. This aligns with the composition of the cluster  which includes exchanges with varying levels of market size—from major regional players like the Warsaw Stock Exchange to smaller markets like the Cyprus Stock Exchange. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) has the lowest mean SHAP value among the key features  indicating that while the average company size plays a role  it is not a significant factor in distinguishing this cluster. This reflects the heterogeneous nature of the exchanges in cluster 4  which range from markets with prominent large-cap companies to those with a mix of smaller entities.Overall  cluster 4 encompasses a wide spectrum of stock exchanges characterized by active trading environments and significant economic engagement  yet varied in terms of market size and liquidity. Exchanges such as the LSE Group London Stock Exchange and Moscow Exchange are balanced by numerous smaller or regionally focused markets  making this cluster the broadest in terms of diversity and representation within the global financial landscape. This analysis underscores the role of cluster 4 as encompassing the majority of exchanges that  while influential and active  do not fall into the specialized categories represented by other clusters.Fig 7 presents the SHAP value analysis for cluster 5  highlighting the defining features of this unique group of stock exchanges. Cluster 5 is composed of major Chinese exchanges  notably the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange  which are characterized by their considerable scale and economic influence within China and globally.The most significant feature for cluster 5 is the value traded to GDP ratio (VT_GDP). High SHAP values associated with this feature indicate that these exchanges have a high trading volume relative to their domestic economic output  underscoring their critical role in facilitating substantial financial activity within a rapidly growing economy. Value traded (VT_EOB) follows closely in importance  emphasizing that the total trading volume is a key characteristic of the exchanges in cluster 5. This aligns with the known high levels of activity on the Shenzhen and Shanghai exchanges  which consistently report large trading volumes due to the high participation of domestic investors and their impact on the global financial landscape. The number of trades (NoT_EOB) also contributes significantly to the classification  reflecting the high frequency of transactions on these exchanges. This feature highlights the dynamic nature of trading in cluster 5  characterized by active engagement and liquidity that distinguishes these markets from others. Market capitalization (MC) and the market capitalization to GDP ratio (MC_GDP) show moderate SHAP values  indicating that while these features are influential  they are not the primary factors driving the classification. However  they do point to the sheer size and economic weight of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges  both of which rank among the largest globally by market capitalization. Share turnover velocity (STV) has a slightly lower impact but still adds context to the cluster’s classification. This feature reflects the rapid pace at which shares change hands on these exchanges  underscoring the liquidity and trading efficiency that are hallmarks of these markets. Average capitalization per listed company (AvgCap_Per_Company) shows the lowest mean SHAP value in this analysis  indicating that while company size is relevant  it is not a key differentiator for cluster 5. This aligns with the diverse range of companies  from large state-owned enterprises to smaller  high-growth firms  listed on these exchanges.Overall  cluster 5 is defined by its high trading volume  significant frequency of transactions  and robust economic involvement as reflected in the value traded to GDP ratio. The Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange exemplify these characteristics  positioning themselves as pivotal financial hubs within China and critical players in the global market. The findings underline the strategic importance of these exchanges in both regional and international financial ecosystems  marked by their unique scale and dynamic trading activity.Fig 8 provides a comprehensive visual representation of the global distribution of stock exchanges  grouped into five distinct clusters. This classification highlights the varied levels of economic influence and trading activity across different regions. North America is prominently featured with significant financial centers  showcasing its position as a key player in the global economy. Europe displays a mix of dominant exchanges and diverse smaller markets  indicating its complex and interconnected financial landscape. The presence of clusters across Africa  Asia  and Oceania emphasizes the importance of regional hubs that facilitate economic activity and connect global trade. Notably  East Asia stands out with its unique concentration of significant exchanges  reflecting the region’s growing economic power and dynamic market activity. Fig 8 underscores the varied nature of stock exchanges worldwide  from globally leading markets to smaller but active financial centers that play vital roles in their respective regions.To provide a clear overview of the clustering results  Table 1 summarizes the attributes and notable members of each cluster  helping to contextualize their roles within the global financial landscape. The table highlights the diverse nature of these clusters  illustrating the varying levels of market influence and trading activity—from globally dominant exchanges with the highest market presence to smaller  regionally significant markets that play vital roles within their local economies.This table underscores the range of characteristics present across the clusters  from the highest levels of market activity and global reach to more specialized and regionally influential exchanges. It effectively illustrates the unique roles these clusters play in the global financial ecosystem  reinforcing the varied contributions of exchanges within their respective markets.A set of well-established frameworks in international finance and political economy help explain why the exchanges in Table 1 map onto the five empirical clusters displayed in Fig 8. First  the gravity model of cross-border portfolio flows predicts that trading volumes rise with the joint economic “mass” of two markets and fall with informational and institutional frictions between them [77]. Cluster 3 (NYSE and Nasdaq) sits at the model’s large-mass/low-friction extreme: the United States combines outsized GDP with deep  highly liberalised capital markets. In contrast  Cluster 5 is concentrated in mainland China  where large economic mass coexists with capital-account controls and a state-centric governance structure [78]. This polarity is consistent with the open-economy trilemma: countries cannot simultaneously enjoy monetary autonomy  exchange-rate stability  and full financial openness  so they sort into groups according to the policy mix they privilege [79].Institutional similarity and legal origin provide a second clustering mechanism. Exchanges in Cluster 1 (e.g.  Euronext  Deutsche Boerse  TMX  ASX  JPX) operate in common-law or Germanic civil-law jurisdictions with strong shareholder protections and rigorous disclosure rules  which foster comparable liquidity levels [25]. By contrast  Cluster 2 comprises resource-rich monarchies or late-industrialising mixed systems (Saudi Arabia  UAE  South Africa  Iran  Switzerland). Here  state–capital dynamics dominate: free float is limited  cross-listing is rare  and market openness remains intermediate [78].A third layer is geo-economic embeddedness. Cluster 4 is heterogeneous  yet its members share peripheral—but institutionally tethered—positions in larger regional blocs: EU enlargement (Warsaw  Vienna  Athens)  USMCA spill-overs (Mexico)  or Eurasian Economic Union linkages (Moscow). In world-systems terminology they function as semi-peripheral nodes that intermediate capital between core and periphery [80].Adding further nuance  recent work on financial-network topology shows that markets sharing common trading technology  settlement infrastructure  or ownership stakes form densely connected “communities” that transmit volatility more intensely within than across groups [81]. These meso-level ties explain why geographically distant venues—such as Australia and Germany—display stronger similarities to one another than to some nearer neighbours.Path-dependence and cultural proximity also matter. Historical ties (colonial links  common legal codes  and language) reduce information asymmetries and foster bilateral listings  thereby increasing the probability that exchanges fall into the same cluster [82 83]. This mechanism helps rationalise the placement of London and Johannesburg—former metropole and colony—within neighbouring clusters despite their different continents.Finally  the clusters echo broader trajectories of financial globalisation and de-globalisation. Long-run data show that integration surges in waves punctuated by crises and regulatory resets [84]. Cluster membership therefore captures not only static fundamentals but also shared exposure to global integration cycles: the strongly outward-oriented exchanges in Clusters 1 and 3 gained disproportionately during the 1990s liberalisation wave  whereas the more insulated members of Clusters 2 and 5 preserved tighter policy buffers after the 2008 crisis. These dynamics underline that the pattern in Fig 8 represents enduring combinations of market scale  institutional quality  policy choice and geo-economic alignment rather than a purely data-driven artefact.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['global stock market development', 'shapley values', 'Analysis', 'Integration', 'clustering', 'classification', 'Creative Commons Attribution License', 'complex machine learning models', 'International Monetary Fund', 'share turnover velocity', 'open access article', 'random forest algorithm', 'network-based volatility index', 'high trading activity', 'global financial landscape', 'large, interconnected exchanges', 'stock exchange dynamics', 'stock exchange development', 'potential systemic risks', 'entire stock exchanges', 'future market development', 'global stock exchanges', 'complex structures', 'market volatility', 'K-means algorithm', 'potential instability', '82 stock exchanges', 'trading value', 'algorithmic trading', 'financial markets', 'financial modeling', 'network models', 'financial analysis', 'interpretable models', 'global competitiveness', 'market characteristics', 'market participants', 'market level', 'market efficiency', 'Shapley Values', 'growth patterns', 'individual variables', 'possible combinations', 'empirical analysis', 'World Federation', 'Key variables', 'listed companies', 'significant heterogeneity', 'major markets', 'United States', 'dominant position', 'NASDAQ Nordic', 'superior characteristics', 'effective strategy', 'larger markets', 'deeper insights', 'strategic positioning', 'valuable implications', 'Marcin Stawarz', 'original author', 'existing literature', 'comprehensive methodology', 'analytical rigor', 'Recent work', 'market-level problems', 'crypto-asset portfolios', 'feature attributions', 'robo-advisory portfolios', 'edge centralities', 'individual asset', 'network-edge level', 'community-detection approaches', 'present paper', 'group membership', 'structural commonalities', 'several controversies', 'transaction costs', 'monopolistic structures', 'flash crashes', 'electronic markets', 'regulatory oversight', 'critical concern', 'black-box” nature', 'robust approach', 'integrative approach', 'three studies', 'Several studies', 'market capitalization', 'SHAP explanations', 'SHAP values', 'SHAP analysis', 'various features', 'unrestricted use', 'allocation transparency', 'unsupervised methods', 'technological advancements', 'model outputs', 'distinct clusters', 'competition strategies', 'explainable clustering', 'study', 'classification', 'differences', 'research', 'segmentation', 'similarities', 'importance', 'contribution', 'predictions', 'data', 'organizations', 'number', 'results', 'China', 'size', 'distinction', 'mergers', 'Euronext', 'peers', 'consolidation', 'findings', 'policymakers', 'Copyright', 'terms', 'distribution', 'reproduction', 'medium', 'source', 'objectives', 'factors', 'need', 'interpretability', 'Babaei', 'Giudici', 'Polinesi', 'Spelta', 'Ahelegbey', 'NetVIX', 'drivers', 'contrast', 'classifier', 'securities', 'impact', 'enhanced', 'liquidity', 'others', 'Concerns', 'adoption', 'high-frequency', 'area', 'contention', 'technologies', 'May', 'challenges', 'innovation', 'Regulators', 'practitioners', 'reasoning', 'accountability', 'emphasis', 'determinants']",2025-06-24,2025-06-25,journals.plos.org
51512,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6142598,DBV Technologies Announces First Subject Screened in COMFORT Toddlers Supplemental Safety Study in Peanut Allergic Toddlers 1 – 3 Years Old,DBV Technologies Announces First Subject Screened in COMFORT Toddlers Supplemental Safety Study in Peanut Allergic Toddlers 1 – 3 Years Old First subject screened at the Respiratory Medicine Research Institute of Michigan with Dr. Jeffrey Leflein acting as Principal Investigator,"Châtillon  France  June 25  2025DBV Technologies Announces First Subject Screened in COMFORT Toddlers Supplemental Safety Study in Peanut Allergic Toddlers 1 – 3 Years OldFirst subject screened at the Respiratory Medicine Research Institute of Michigan with Dr. Jeffrey Leflein acting as Principal InvestigatorAdditional sites  including Allergy and Asthma Center of Minnesota and Hamilton Allergy and Immunology Clinic of Ontario  Canada have been activated and are scheduling screeningsDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today provided an update on the progress on the Company’s COMFORT Toddlers supplemental safety study using the Viaskin® Peanut patch 250 μg in peanut-allergic children ages 1 – 3 years old.COMFORT Toddlers will enroll approximately 480 subjects at approximately 80 – 90 study centers across the U.S.  Canada  Australia  UK and Europe. Principal Investigator  Jeffrey Leflein  MD  FAAAAI  FACAAI from the Respiratory Medicine Research Institute of Michigan  in Ann Arbor  Michigan screened the first subject in the study. Additionally  Dr. Doug McMahon  MD  Allergy and Asthma Center in Maplewood  Minnesota and Dr. Jason Ohayon  MD  Hamilton Allergy and Immunology Clinic in Ontario  Canada have been activated and are currently open to recruitment.""I am thrilled that our talented team of clinicians was the first to screen a subject for the COMFORT Toddlers supplemental safety study and we have several other potential subjects scheduled for screening ” said Dr. Leflein. “The initiation of subject enrollment in COMFORT Toddlers reinforces our commitment to peanut-allergic children and their families and is an important step in generating the data needed to potentially advance the Viaskin Peanut patch to market.”COMFORT Toddlers is a Phase 3 double-blind  placebo-controlled (DBPC) safety study designed to supplement the safety and efficacy data from the completed Phase 3 EPITOPE study in the same population. The study duration will be six months followed by an optional 18-month open-label treatment phase  to generate up to 24 or 18 months of active treatment with the Viaskin Peanut patch for participants randomized to the active or placebo groups  respectively.“I am very pleased subject screening has commenced in COMFORT Toddlers and look forward to working with my fellow investigators on the efficient enrollment and execution of this important study ” stated Julie Wang  MD  FAAAAI  FACAAI  Professor of Pediatrics  Jaffe Food Allergy Institute  the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Global Principal Investigator for the COMFORT Toddlers study. “The interest we’ve seen to date further reinforces the significant unmet need that exists for this specific subject cohort.”“Screening our first subject marks a crucial step forward in our mission to develop this potential groundbreaking therapy for food allergic patients  as we are now well underway with both of our core clinical programs ” said Daniel Tassé CEO  DBV Technologies. “We believe the data generated through the COMFORT Toddlers study will complete the data set necessary for a Biologics License Application submission to the FDA. DBV is committed to advancing the development of Viaskin Peanut. Our patients and their families are counting on us.”The data generated from COMFORT Toddlers will support the submission of a BLA anticipated in 2H 2026 under the Accelerated Approval Pathway  as previously agreed to with FDA.Investor Conference Call and WebcastDBV management will host an investor conference call and webcast today  Wednesday  June 25th  at 5:00pm EDT  to discuss these updates. This call is accessible via the teleconferencing numbers below and requesting the DBV Technologies call.United States: +1-877-346-6112International: +1-848-280-6350A live webcast of the call will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://www.dbv-technologies.com/investor-relations/. A replay of the presentation will also be available on DBV’s website after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary VIASKIN® patch technology to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the VIASKIN® patch is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of VIASKIN Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Châtillon  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing five ordinary shares) are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker: DBVT; CUSIP: 23306J309).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin® Peanut patch and EPIT™  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  and the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-Q for the year ended March 31  2025  filed with the SEC on April 30  2025  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Viaskin is a registered trademark and EPIT is a trademark of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologies[email protected]Media ContactBrett WhelanDBV Technologies[email protected]Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.15,0.21,True,English,"['COMFORT Toddlers Supplemental Safety Study', 'Peanut Allergic Toddlers', 'DBV Technologies', 'Subject', 'Years', 'optional 18-month open-label treatment phase', 'COMFORT Toddlers Supplemental Safety Study', 'Respiratory Medicine Research Institute', 'Biologics License Application submission', 'significant unmet medical need', 'proprietary VIASKIN® patch technology', 'several other potential subjects', 'Jaffe Food Allergy Institute', 'significant unmet need', 'Phase 3 double-blind, placebo-controlled', 'Phase 3 EPITOPE study', 'potential groundbreaking therapy', 'other immunologic conditions', 'core clinical programs', 'Daniel Tassé CEO', 'Accelerated Approval Pathway', 'Dr. Doug McMahon', 'Dr. Jason Ohayon', 'Viaskin® Peanut patch', 'Viaskin Peanut patch', 'Peanut Allergic Toddlers', 'COMFORT Toddlers study', 'hypersensitive immune reaction', 'immune tolerizing properties', 'Investor Conference Call', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'peanut-allergic children ages', 'specific subject cohort', 'Global Principal Investigator', 'food allergic patients', 'Dr. Jeffrey Leflein', 'DBV Technologies call', 'Dr. Leflein', '80 – 90 study centers', 'study duration', 'important study', 'treatment options', 'non-invasive treatment', 'food allergies', 'immune system', 'active treatment', 'young children', 'Châtillon', 'Additional sites', 'Asthma Center', 'Hamilton Allergy', 'Immunology Clinic', 'U.S.', 'Ann Arbor', 'talented team', 'important step', 'same population', 'up to 24', 'placebo groups', 'fellow investigators', 'efficient enrollment', 'Julie Wang', 'Icahn School', 'Mount Sinai', 'crucial step', 'teleconferencing numbers', 'United States', 'Media section', 'mild to', 'life-threatening anaphylaxis', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'microgram amounts', 'new class', 'underlying allergy', 'first subject', 'subject enrollment', 'DBV management', 'active compound', 'Nasdaq Market', 'six months', 'June 25th', 'intact skin', 'efficacy data', 'data set', 'live webcast', 'subject screening', '480 subjects', '18 months', 'France', 'Years', 'Michigan', 'Minnesota', 'Ontario', 'Canada', 'screenings', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'update', 'progress', '250 μg', 'Australia', 'UK', 'Europe', 'MD', 'FAAAAI', 'FACAAI', 'Maplewood', 'recruitment', 'clinicians', 'initiation', 'commitment', 'families', 'participants', 'execution', 'Professor', 'Pediatrics', 'interest', 'FDA', 'development', 'BLA', '2H', 'Wednesday', '5:00pm', 'International', 'Investors', 'website', 'dbv-technologies', 'investor-relations', 'replay', 'presentation', 'event', 'use', 'range', 'symptoms', 'severity', 'Millions', 'people', 'EPIT™', 'individual', 'allergen']",2025-06-26,2025-06-25,taiwannews.com.tw
51513,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/06/25/mixed-bag-for-global-markets-as-israel-iran-tensions-ease/,Mixed bag for global markets as Israel-Iran tensions ease,Global shares were a mixed bag on Wednesday as tensions between Israel and Iran eased  allowing markets to focus on US inflation and prospects of an interest-rate cut. Red was the “order of the day” for stocks as Euronext Dublin  according to traders  as the index finished down 0.8 per cent and largely in line with international peers.,A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Global shares were a mixed bag on Wednesday as tensions between Israel and Iran eased  allowing markets to focus on US inflation and prospects of an interest rate cut. Photograph: Timothy A Clary/Getty ImagesGlobal shares were a mixed bag on Wednesday as tensions between Israel and Iran eased  allowing markets to focus on US inflation and prospects of an interest-rate cut.DublinRed was the “order of the day” for stocks as Euronext Dublin  according to traders  as the index finished down 0.8 per cent and largely in line with international peers.The banks outperformed the index  with AIB and Bank of Ireland up 0.5 per cent and 0.3 per cent respectively. PTSB climbed 3 per cent  albeit on low volume. “They have had a rough run the past few day  so they are recovering some of that ” noted a trader.Ryanair fell 1 per cent but outperformed peers with EasyJet and Lufthansa each down 2.5 per cent.READ MOREIn terms of the home builders  Glenveagh Properties and Cairn Homes finished down 3 per cent and 2 per cent respectively. “It feels like there is definitely a bit of weakness in the Irish housebuilders at the moment ” said a trader.Elsewhere  Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan finished down 2.3 per cent. Most of the food names were down 1-2 per cent.LondonThe FTSE 100 closed 0.5 lower  well below early highs  despite a stellar showing from Babcock International after well-received results. The FTSE 250 ended 0.1 per cent lower.Babcock International leapt 11 per cent after it raised medium-term guidance  increased the dividend and launched its first-ever share buyback as it said it stands to benefit from increased spending on defence.Defence and aerospace stocks Rolls-Royce and BAE Systems rose 0.8 per cent and 1 per cent respectively as Nato agreed to ramp up defence spending.On the FTSE 250  Moonpig fell 4.1 per cent ahead of full-year results on Thursday  while Tritax Big Box Reit fell 2.9 per cent after striking a cash and shares deal to acquire Warehouse Reit  which rose 5.6 per cent.THG leapt 13 per cent after disclosing a “much improved” second quarter in its core beauty and nutrition arms  as it returned to revenue growth.EuropeEuro zone government bond yields rose as investors processed concerns about increased fiscal spending across the euro area and kept a wary eye on the Iran-Israel ceasefire.Germany’s cabinet approved a draft budget with record investments on Tuesday  while Nato leaders endorsed a higher defence spending goal of 5 per cent of GDP by 2035.German 10-year government bond yields  which serve as the benchmark for the wider euro zone  rose 3 basis points to 2.56 per cent. Yields on 30-year German bonds hit a near one month high of 3.087 per cent.In European equities  the Cac 40 in Paris closed down 0.8 per cent  and the Dax 40 in Frankfurt ended 0.6 per cent lower. The Stoxx Europe 600 fell 0.5 per cent.New YorkThe benchmark S&P 500 hovered close to an all-time high as the Israel-Iran ceasefire appeared to be holding and investors watched Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell’s congressional testimony for hints on the monetary policy path.The S&P 500 index remains about 0.6 per cent below its peak  hit in February  while the tech-heavy Nasdaq is about 0.8 per cent below a record high as the de-escalation in Middle East hostilities supported risk sentiment.The Nasdaq 100 – a subset of the Nasdaq composite index – touched an intraday record high.Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 subsectors fell. Real estate and utility stocks led declines with a 0.7 per cent decline each. On the flip side  the information technology sector gained 1.1 per cent.Shares of delivery giant FedEx fell 2.9 per cent after the company forecast quarterly profit below estimates as tariffs weighed on global demand.Among megacap stocks  Tesla shares fell 4.3 per cent as its European sales slumped for the fifth month. Nvidia rose 2.6 per cent. – Additional reporting: Agencies,positive,0.62,0.3,0.08,negative,0.03,0.29,0.68,True,English,"['Mixed bag', 'global markets', 'Israel-Iran tensions', 'Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell', 'German 10-year government bond yields', 'Euro zone government bond yields', '11 major S&P 500 subsectors', 'Tritax Big Box Reit', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'higher defence spending goal', 'The S&P 500 index', 'wider euro zone', '30-year German bonds', 'benchmark S&P 500', 'Timothy A Clary', 'Cavan-based insulation specialist', 'monetary policy path', 'Middle East hostilities', 'information technology sector', 'interest rate cut', 'The Stoxx Europe', 'Nasdaq composite index', '0.7 per cent decline', 'euro area', 'Warehouse Reit', 'The Nasdaq', 'interest-rate cut', 'tech-heavy Nasdaq', '0.5 per cent', '0.3 per cent', '2.56 per cent', '3.087 per cent', '1.1 per cent', 'The FTSE', 'fiscal spending', 'mixed bag', 'US inflation', 'Getty Images', 'low volume', 'rough run', 'home builders', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'Cairn Homes', 'Irish housebuilders', 'food names', 'early highs', 'stellar showing', 'Babcock International', 'medium-term guidance', 'share buyback', 'BAE Systems', 'second quarter', 'core beauty', 'nutrition arms', 'revenue growth', 'wary eye', 'Iran-Israel ceasefire', 'draft budget', 'European equities', 'Israel-Iran ceasefire', 'congressional testimony', 'risk sentiment', 'Real estate', 'flip side', 'giant FedEx', 'quarterly profit', 'global demand', 'European sales', 'fifth month', 'Additional reporting', 'Global shares', 'shares deal', 'Tesla shares', 'aerospace stocks', 'utility stocks', 'megacap stocks', 'record investments', 'intraday record', 'Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'full-year results', 'Nato leaders', 'FTSE 250', 'trader', 'floor', 'Wednesday', 'tensions', 'markets', 'prospects', 'Photograph', 'Red', 'order', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'PTSB', 'Ryanair', 'EasyJet', 'Lufthansa', 'READ', 'terms', 'bit', 'weakness', 'moment', 'Kingspan', 'London', 'dividend', 'first', 'Rolls-Royce', 'Moonpig', 'Thursday', 'cash', 'THG', 'investors', 'concerns', 'Germany', 'cabinet', 'Tuesday', 'GDP', 'Cac', 'Paris', 'Dax', 'Frankfurt', 'hints', 'peak', 'February', 'escalation', 'subset', 'declines', 'delivery', 'company', 'estimates', 'tariffs', 'Nvidia', 'Agencies', '0.6', '0.8']",2025-06-25,2025-06-25,irishtimes.com
51514,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-06/65753340-la-francaise-de-l-energie-fde-forges-landmark-strategic-partnership-with-cemex-for-industrial-carbon-capture-deployment-650.htm,LA FRANCAISE DE L'ENERGIE: FDE forges landmark strategic partnership with Cemex for industrial Carbon Capture deployment,FDE forges landmark strategic partnership with Cemex for industrial Carbon Capture deployment Pontpierre  France  June 25th  2025 - FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a leading carbon-negative,"FDE forges landmark strategic partnership with Cemexfor industrial Carbon Capture deploymentPontpierre  France  June 25th  2025 - FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a leading carbon-negative energy producer  today announces a strategic partnership with Cemex  a global building materials company through their subsidiary CEMEX INNOVATION HOLDING Ltd. FDE will deploy its proprietary cryogenic carbon capture technology (Cryo Pur) to decarbonize industrial flue gases emissions  marking a significant step in its contribution towards a Net Zero economy.This collaboration extends Cryo Pur's proven expertise in biogas upgrading and Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) production  which successfully integrates food-grade CO 2 capture with zero methane slip. Built upon eight major families of international patents  Cryo Pur's innovative technology is now set to accelerate CO 2 capture in heavy industry.Pioneering Circular Carbon Utilization in Cement ProductionFDE will first build and test a 4 000 Nm³/h pilot unit at its Avion site in France. This initial phase will optimize operational parameters across diverse flue gas compositions  ensuring robust performance before using the unit to one of Cemex sites.A key differentiator of the Cryo Pur system is its exclusive reliance on electricity  eliminating the need for thermal energy and enabling integration with renewable power sources. The captured CO 2 will be innovatively utilized in Cemex's ""denitrification"" cement production  establishing a truly circular economy model. This groundbreaking sequestration method transforms the cement industry into an active participant in the energy transition  moving beyond its traditional role as a carbon emitter.This pilot project has already garnered significant support  securing around €2 M support from ADEME through its DEMIBAC (DEMonstration et appropriation par les Industriels de solutions de production BAs Carbone) initiative  underscoring government confidence in this critical industrial decarbonization technology.Upon successful completion  this advanced unit will be replicated to address 40 000 Nm³/h of flue gases processing at Cemex's Polish facilities. The system will produce food-grade quality liquid CO 2 while simultaneously eliminating harmful NOx and SOx emissions and generating a potential of €8-10 M yearly revenues from 2028 onwards.Once fully developed  the objectives of Cemex and FDE is to rollout this technology across the European cement plants owned by Cemex  with exclusivity on the Cryo Pur technology for Czech Republic  Croatia  Germany  Spain and the United Kingdom in exchange of a €20 M investment option from Cemex into Cryo Pur.A Scalable Solution for Emission-Intensive IndustriesWhile heavy industries are facing carbon sequestration challenges  Cryo Pur offers an industrial-scale solution that can achieve full decarbonization using renewable electricity.This partnership with Cemex demonstrates Cryo Pur's first-in-class capabilities to tackle large-scale industrial CO 2 emissions effectively.Thanks to its significant experience in the industrialization of the Biogas upgrading Units  the new Cryo Pur system is engineered to handle a large range of volumes of flue gases  including very low CO 2 concentration  a critical advantage for industrial applications.FDE's large scale demonstration of this technology establishes a clear and viable pathway for emission-intensive industries to achieve meaningful emissions reductions  marking a key milestone in their decarbonation journey.The application of this technology represents for the FDE/Cemex partnership a potential market of over 18 plants each with 120 000 to 400 000 Nm3/h of exhaust fumes to process  an average of 450 000 tons per year and per plant of pure food grade EIGA[1] CO 2 with a selling price currently ranging from €90 to 160 per ton.This landmark project in industrial flue gases decarbonization reinforces FDE's long term commitment to Net Zero. It further strengthens the Group's existing leadership in low-carbon energy production with integrated carbon capture firmly positioning FDE as a key player in the energy transition of the industry in Europe  with multiple revenue streams including decarbonation.FDE targets  by 2030  annual sales of over €175 M  EBITDA exceeding €85 M  combined with over 20 million tons of CO 2 eq emissions saved per year.Next announcement:FY 2025 Sales: July 22nd  2025Reuters code: FDEL.PA Bloomberg code: FDE.FP Presscontact@francaisedelenergie.fr+ 33 3 87 04 34 51 Investor Relationsir@francaisedelenergie.fr+33 3 87 04 34 51About La Française de l'Énergie (« FDE »)FDE is an independent multi-energy producer dedicated to making Net Zero happen. As a specialist in local energy systems and the circular economy  FDE capitalizes on its industrial know-how ranging from engineering  energy production to CO 2 storage to provide energy solutions that combine carbon footprint reduction with better resilience of the associated eco-systems.More information available on https://www.francaisedelenergie.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning FDE's financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""can "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""is designed to "" ""may "" ""might "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""objective "" ""should "" or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management's current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company's control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of FDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and FDE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.[1] European Industrial Gases Association------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:nG1uZ5tpaJecyHGcZcmYa2JmbJmUxJbHaJSXmWWbZZ2bcJ2Tl2dlZseaZnJjmm5p- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-92593-cp-cemex_250625-vuk-vf.pdf",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['industrial Carbon Capture deployment', 'landmark strategic partnership', 'LA FRANCAISE', ""L'ENERGIE"", 'FDE', 'Cemex', 'subsidiary CEMEX INNOVATION HOLDING Ltd', 'proprietary cryogenic carbon capture technology', 'global building materials company', '€8-10 M yearly revenues', 'diverse flue gas compositions', 'Pioneering Circular Carbon Utilization', 'industrial Carbon Capture deployment', 'food-grade quality liquid CO', 'leading carbon-negative energy producer', 'industrial flue gases decarbonization', 'large-scale industrial CO 2 emissions', 'industrial flue gases emissions', 'critical industrial decarbonization technology', '4,000 Nm³/h pilot unit', 'new Cryo Pur system', 'integrated carbon capture', 'food-grade CO 2 capture', 'flue gases processing', 'independent multi-energy producer', 'carbon sequestration challenges', 'carbon footprint reduction', 'meaningful emissions reductions', 'Renewable Natural Gas', 'eight major families', 'groundbreaking sequestration method', '€20 M investment option', 'pure food grade', 'long term commitment', 'multiple revenue streams', 'La Française', 'CO 2 eq emissions', 'low CO 2 concentration', 'renewable power sources', 'circular economy model', 'zero methane slip', 'A Scalable Solution', 'PA Bloomberg code', 'local energy systems', 'Biogas upgrading Units', 'denitrification"" cement production', 'low-carbon energy production', 'Net Zero economy', 'European cement plants', 'large scale demonstration', 'Cryo Pur technology', 'FDE.FP Press', 'landmark strategic partnership', 'carbon emitter', 'industrial applications', 'industrial know-how', 'full decarbonization', 'SOx emissions', 'pilot project', '€2 M support', 'critical advantage', 'CO 2 storage', 'thermal energy', 'energy transition', 'industrial-scale solution', 'large range', 'landmark project', 'Reuters code', 'innovative technology', 'advanced unit', '120,000 to 400,000 Nm', 'cement industry', 'RNG) production', 'renewable electricity', 'June 25th', 'significant step', 'proven expertise', 'international patents', 'Avion site', 'initial phase', 'operational parameters', 'robust performance', 'key differentiator', 'exclusive reliance', 'active participant', 'traditional role', 'significant support', 'BAs Carbone', 'government confidence', 'successful completion', 'Polish facilities', 'harmful NOx', 'Czech Republic', 'United Kingdom', 'Emission-Intensive Industries', 'heavy industries', 'class capabilities', 'significant experience', 'viable pathway', 'key milestone', 'FDE/Cemex partnership', 'exhaust fumes', 'selling price', 'existing leadership', 'key player', 'annual sales', 'Next announcement', 'FY 2025 Sales', 'July 22nd', 'Investor Relations', 'energy solutions', 'More information', 'heavy industry', 'Cemex sites', 'decarbonation journey', 'potential market', '20 million tons', 'FDE targets', '40,000 Nm', '18 plants', '450,000 tons', 'Pontpierre', 'France', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'contribution', 'collaboration', 'need', 'integration', 'ADEME', 'DEMIBAC', 'appropriation', 'Industriels', 'initiative', 'objectives', 'exclusivity', 'Croatia', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'exchange', 'industrialization', 'volumes', 'clear', 'average', 'EIGA', 'Group', 'EBITDA', 'FDEL', 'francaisedelenergie', 'Énergie', 'specialist', 'engineering', 'resilience', 'eco-systems']",2025-06-06,2025-06-25,finanznachrichten.de
51515,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-announces-successful-outcome-annual-154500716.html,Valneva Announces Successful Outcome of its Annual General Meeting  Confirms FY 2025 guidance,Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that all the resolutions recommended by the Board of Directors were approved by the shareholders at its Annual General Meeting held today in Lyon ,VALNEVASaint-Herblain (France)  June 25  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that all the resolutions recommended by the Board of Directors were approved by the shareholders at its Annual General Meeting held today in Lyon  France.Among the adopted resolutions were the approval of the 2024 financial statements  delegations for the Board of Directors to increase Valneva’s share capital and/or issue financial instruments  the appointment of Dr. Gerd Zettlmeissl to the Board for a three-year term and the reappointment of Mr. James Sulat for a one-year term.Dr. Gerd Zettlmeissl is a vaccine expert and Biotech Entrepreneur with more than 30 years of scientific and leadership experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of several non-profit organizations and biotech companies  including Medigene and MinervaX.Additionally  the term of office of Deloitte & Associés as Statutory Auditor was renewed for a period of six years.During the meeting  Valneva’s management also confirmed the Company’s full-year 2025 financial guidance.The AGM’s voting results will be made available in the “Investors & Media” section of Valneva’s corporate website in the coming days.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.Valneva Media and Investor Relations ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to use and regulatory review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results or new adverse events  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing this information as of the date of this press release and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Successful Outcome', 'FY 2025 guidance', 'Valneva', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'other global public health threats', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'VP Global Communications', 'Investor Relations Contacts', 'European Investor Relations', 'Shigella vaccine candidate', 'earlier clinical trials', 'Dr. Gerd Zettlmeissl', 'Mr. James Sulat', 'several non-profit organizations', 'unmet medical needs', 'strong track record', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'European credit crisis', 'class vaccine solutions', 'issue financial instruments', 'full-year 2025 financial guidance', 'early R&D', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'future clinical trials', 'specialty vaccine company', 'growing commercial business', 'new adverse events', 'advanced clinical development', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other factors', 'other things', 'vaccine expert', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'multiple vaccines', '2024 financial statements', 'Ph.D.', 'regulatory review', 'future events', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'new information', 'Euronext Paris', 'share capital', 'Biotech Entrepreneur', 'leadership experience', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'biotech companies', 'Associés', 'Statutory Auditor', 'The AGM', 'voting results', 'Media” section', 'corporate website', 'coming days', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'existing products', 'actual results', 'future results', 'currency fluctuations', 'preclinical studies', 'three-year term', 'one-year term', 'More information', 'six years', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva Media', 'Joshua Drumm', '30 years', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'June', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'Lyon', 'approval', 'delegations', 'appointment', 'scientific', 'Medigene', 'MinervaX', 'office', 'Deloitte', 'period', 'management', 'Investors', 'specialized', 'first', 'Revenues', 'Pfizer', 'world', 'respect', 'use', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture', 'competition', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'Success', 'light', 'assurance', 'intention', 'obligation']",2025-06-25,2025-06-25,uk.finance.yahoo.com
51516,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.standard-journal.com/ap/business/article_b4ea280b-88a9-5fcf-ae0d-d2cfceb39200.html,Dassault Systèmes and Patrick Jouin Unveil “Ta.Tamu ” Their Latest Collaboration Redefining Traditional Design,Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) and the French designer Patrick Jouin today unveiled “Ta.Tamu ” a lightweight  3D-printed and functional chair  co-created using the 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud.,Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) and the French designer Patrick Jouin today unveiled “Ta.Tamu ” a lightweight  3D-printed and functional chair  co-created using the 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'Patrick Jouin Unveil', 'Ta.Tamu', 'Latest Collaboration', 'Traditional Design', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Euronext Paris', 'French designer', 'Patrick Jouin', 'Ta.Tamu', 'lightweight, 3D-printed', 'functional chair', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'DSY', 'cloud']",2025-06-25,2025-06-25,standard-journal.com
