UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
55732,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/opinion/2026/04/10/the-magic-word-for-digital-assets-adoption-and-success-choice,The magic word for digital assets adoption and success: choice,For the digital asset ecosystem of the future to flourish  investors need options  explains Sullivan..,Digital assets have moved well beyond the hype cycle. What began as an experiment in decentralized value transfer has evolved into a serious conversation about how capital markets  custody  settlement and asset ownership could be re-imagined for the digital age. Tokenization  programmable money and distributed ledgers may deliver faster settlement  greater transparency and new efficiencies across the financial system.The opportunity is both real and transformative  but accelerated adoption of digital assets is not guaranteed.The ecosystem’s success will not be determined by any single technology  protocol  innovator or platform. Instead  it will hinge on whether the industry embraces a principle that traditional markets have relied on and come to expect for more than a century: choice.If investors  issuers and intermediaries are forced into narrow paths and left without options  the promise of digital assets risks being constrained by the very silos they were meant to dismantle. For Web3 to flourish  market participants must be able to choose how  where and when they engage.Choice in blockchain networks: avoiding silosOne of the most pressing challenges facing digital assets adoption today is fragmentation. New blockchains and networks continue to emerge  each optimized for different use cases  governance models or performance requirements. While innovation is healthy  disconnected ecosystems can quickly become a barrier to scale.Without interoperability  assets risk being locked into isolated environments  limiting liquidity  mobility and investor access. The result is a digital version of the same inefficiencies that have historically plagued financial markets  with the added benefits of being faster and more complex.Interoperability has the potential to change that result. A “network of networks” approach enables assets to move securely across platforms  enabling market participant firms and investors to take full advantage of tokenization’s potential while preserving market integrity and scale. It simplifies use cases  unlocks new business models and supports regulatory consistency  without forcing the industry to converge on a single chain.Indeed  some investors may prefer open  public blockchains  while others may gravitate toward private blockchains. It’s not a matter of ‘or’ – both can and should be available.Achieving this vision will require collaboration. Market infrastructure providers  technology firms and regulators must work together to establish frameworks that prioritize compatibility and interoperability over control. In a recent white paper authored by The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) in collaboration with Clearstream  Euroclear and BCG  we explored how shared standards and coordinated governance could help advance interoperability while maintaining trust and resilience. The message was and remains clear: interoperability is foundational to scale and the future growth of digital markets.Choice in what assets to tokenize (and when!)Tokenization is often discussed as an inevitability  but inevitability should not be confused with immediacy. Not every asset will tokenize  and those that do will not do so at the same pace.For example  while The Depository Trust Corporation (DTC)  as a securities depository  facilitates the post‑trade settlement of securities representing over $100 trillion in value  we are not advocating for broad  indiscriminate  or immediate tokenization. Particularly in the early stages of this ecosystem  disciplined sequencing  intentionality  and caution are essential.Certain asset classes  especially those with clear operational inefficiencies  high reconciliation costs or settlement frictions  are natural early candidates for tokenization. Others may follow as technology matures  regulatory clarity increases  and market demand evolves. Giving issuers and investors the ability to decide what makes sense for their needs  and on their timeline  reduces risk and builds confidence.Choice  in this context  is about sequencing and needs. It allows the market to learn  adapt and scale responsibly rather than forcing adoption before the infrastructure is ready.Choice in how investors want to hold real-world assetsDigital transformation does not mean abandoning established investing principles and processes.For many institutional investors  tokenized assets will coexist with traditional holdings for many years to come. Some will prefer onchain representations for their operational efficiency or programmability. Others will continue to rely on established custody models  particularly as compliance and risk frameworks evolve.A successful digital asset ecosystem can support both. Investors should be able to hold assets in tokenized form alongside traditional securities – and even switch back and forth between them – without sacrificing legal certainty  operational continuity or even the feeling of being in control. Flexibility ensures participation is driven by value  not obligation  and that trust is earned  not assumed.Choice in wallets: empowering the clientPerhaps the most tangible expression of choice is the wallet.As digital assets enter mainstream financial markets  participants will bring different preferences  risk tolerances and operational requirements. Some will prioritize self-custody. Others will rely on institutional-grade solutions. Many will want the freedom to change over time.Wallet selection should belong to clients (market participant firms). No prescribed wallet. No mandated standard. This model empowers market participants to choose based on their own security needs  regulatory considerations  geographic requirements or internal controls.This flexibility is essential for adoption at scale. Markets will thrive when financial institutions have the opportunity to engage on their own terms and can make decisions based on their clients’ and investors’ strategies  needs and preferences.The path forwardThe success of the digital assets ecosystem will not be built on constraints and limitations. Instead  it will be built on options: choice in blockchain  in assets  in custody and in wallets. These are practical requirements for facilitating growth.If the industry gets this right  digital assets can deliver on their promise: more inclusive  efficient and resilient markets. If it gets it wrong  it risks recreating the limitations of the past on faster rails.Choice is the key to making digital assets work for everyone.,neutral,0.46,0.53,0.0,negative,0.02,0.16,0.82,True,English,"['digital assets adoption', 'magic word', 'success', 'choice', 'The Depository Trust Corporation', 'successful digital asset ecosystem', 'recent white paper', 'high reconciliation costs', 'established investing principles', 'Certain asset classes', 'natural early candidates', 'regulatory clarity increases', 'open, public blockchains', 'different use cases', 'post‑trade settlement', 'clear operational inefficiencies', 'new business models', 'decentralized value transfer', 'market participant firms', 'digital assets risks', 'Market infrastructure providers', 'many institutional investors', 'digital assets adoption', 'Clearing Corporation', 'New blockchains', 'securities depository', 'asset ownership', 'same inefficiencies', 'regulatory consistency', 'early stages', 'many years', 'digital age', 'digital version', 'digital markets', 'Digital transformation', 'new efficiencies', 'governance models', 'private blockchains', 'operational efficiency', 'operational continuity', 'technology firms', 'hype cycle', 'serious conversation', 'capital markets', 'programmable money', 'faster settlement', 'greater transparency', 'financial system', 'accelerated adoption', 'traditional markets', 'a century', 'narrow paths', 'market participants', 'pressing challenges', 'performance requirements', 'disconnected ecosystems', 'isolated environments', 'investor access', 'financial markets', 'full advantage', 'market integrity', 'single chain', 'coordinated governance', 'future growth', 'same pace', 'settlement frictions', 'traditional holdings', 'onchain representations', 'tokenized form', 'legal certainty', 'custody models', 'real-world assets', 'tokenized assets', 'single technology', 'traditional securities', 'disciplined sequencing', 'blockchain networks', 'immediate tokenization', 'risk frameworks', 'experiment', 'distributed', 'ledgers', 'opportunity', 'transformative', 'protocol', 'innovator', 'platform', 'industry', 'choice', 'issuers', 'intermediaries', 'options', 'promise', 'silos', 'Web3', 'fragmentation', 'innovation', 'barrier', 'interoperability', 'liquidity', 'mobility', 'result', 'benefits', 'potential', 'approach', 'scale', 'others', 'matter', 'vision', 'collaboration', 'regulators', 'compatibility', 'control', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'BCG', 'standards', 'resilience', 'message', 'inevitability', 'immediacy', 'example', 'intentionality', 'caution', 'demand', 'sense', 'needs', 'timeline', 'confidence', 'context', 'processes', 'programmability', 'compliance', 'feeling', 'Flexibility', 'participation', 'obligation', 'wallets', 'empo']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,coindesk.com
55733,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271688/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-KH-Group-Plc.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of KH Group Plc,KH Group PlcStock Exchange Release 10 April 2026 at 2:40 pm EEST    Notice to the Annual General Meeting of KH Group Plc    Notice is given to the...,KH Group PlcStock Exchange Release 10 April 2026 at 2:40 pm EESTNotice to the Annual General Meeting of KH Group PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of KH Group Plc (“KH Group” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  5 May 2026 at 2:00 p.m. EEST at the Valla Conference Centre  Valla Auditorium  at the address Itämerentori 2  FI-00180 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 1:30 p.m. EEST.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Shareholders who have registered for the meeting may also follow the meeting via a live webcast. Further instructions for shareholders are provided in section C “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.In connection with the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.A. Matters on the Agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters shall be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality and quorum of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adopting the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report  the Auditor’s Report and the assurance report on the sustainability statement for the year 2025  and presentation of the CEO’s Review7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that no dividend be paid for the financial period ended 31 December 2025.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Adoption of the Governing Bodies’ Remuneration Report11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of KH Group proposes to the General Meeting that an annual remuneration of EUR 50 000 be paid to the Chair of the Board and an annual remuneration of EUR 30 000 to the other members of the Board. The Nomination Board further proposes that the Chair of the Audit Committee would be paid a meeting fee of EUR 1 000 per Audit Committee meeting  and each member of the Audit Committee a meeting fee of EUR 500 per Audit Committee meeting.The Nomination Board further proposes that the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors be compensated in accordance with the Company’s travel policy. Earnings-related pension insurance contributions are paid voluntarily for the paid remuneration.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of KH Group proposes to the General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be five (5).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of KH Group proposes to the General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors Juha Karttunen  Christoffer Landtman  Jari Rautjärvi and Jon Unnérus shall be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Maija Jokela shall be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors  for a term ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting. Of the current Board members  Taru Narvanmaa has indicated that they are not available for re-election.All persons nominated as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to the election. The Nomination Board considers all the nominees to be independent of the Company and of the significant shareholders of the Company.The proposal on the composition of the Board of Directors deviates from the recommendation regarding balanced representation of women and men set out in the Corporate Governance Code and from the goal of 40 per cent for the minimum number of members of the underrepresented gender under Chapter 6  Section 9a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  as out of the five proposed Board members  only one is a woman. Based on careful consideration  the Nomination Board considers that the proposed Board composition is  as a whole  the best suited to the current situation  taking into account KH Group’s strategy and the needs related to managing and developing its businesses. In this context  the Nomination Board has taken into account  among other things  the experience of the proposed continuing Board members in KH Group’s operations and the number of their terms of office  including the fact that  with the exception of the Chair of the Board  the proposed Board members have served for no more than two years.In assessing the composition of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board has identified the key areas of expertise and needs required for Board work. The recruitment process for the proposed new member has been based on the competence areas defined by the Nomination Board  a comprehensive screening of candidates and interviews with Board member candidates. The Board’s competence needs are defined annually  and in its assessment  the Nomination Board takes into account the recommendations in the Corporate Governance Code regarding the composition of the Board.According to the Articles of Association of KH Group  the Board of Directors elects a Chair from among its members.CVs  photographs and the evaluation regarding the independence of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are presented on the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor shall be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the Company.The Board of Directors further proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the statutory sustainability reporting assurance provider shall be paid according to the sustainability reporting assurance provider’s reasonable invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the Company’s auditor. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that Timo Eerola  APA  will act as the principally responsible auditor for the Company.The Board of Directors further proposes to the General Meeting that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  be elected as the Company’s statutory sustainability reporting assurance provider. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that Timo Eerola  ASA (Authorised Sustainability Auditor)  will act as the principally responsible sustainability auditor for the Company.The terms of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider end at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and/or the granting of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  in one or several instalments as follows: The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation may be at the most 11 400 000 shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the conveyance of shares held by the Company. The authorisation is proposed to be used to finance or carry out possible acquisitions or other arrangements or investments related to the Company’s business  to implement the Company’s incentive program  or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions of a share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  and the authorisation therefore includes the right of the Board of Directors to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue)  the right to issue shares against consideration or without payment  and the right to decide on a free issuance of shares to the Company itself  however  taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the maximum number of own shares held by the Company.The authorisation is proposed to be effective until 30 June 2027  and it will cancel the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 6 May 2025.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase a maximum of 5 700 000 shares in the Company in one or several instalments by using funds in the Company’s unrestricted equity  however  taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the maximum number of own shares held by the Company. The Company’s own shares may be repurchased to be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements related to the Company’s business  to finance investments  as a part of the Company’s incentive program  to develop the Company’s capital structure as well as to be conveyed for other purposes  to be held by the Company or to be cancelled. The authorisation also includes the right to pledge the Company’s own shares.The Company’s own shares may be repurchased in public trading organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders  at the market price at the time of repurchase. The shares will be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors is in all other respects authorised to decide on the terms and conditions of the repurchase of own shares.The authorisation is proposed to be effective until 30 June 2027  and it will cancel the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 6 May 2025.18. Amendment of the Charter of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of KH Group proposes to the General Meeting that the Charter of the Nomination Board be amended so that going forward  the Nomination Board’s proposals to the Annual General Meeting must be published no later than six (6) weeks before the next Annual General Meeting. Pursuant to the current Charter  the proposals must be published no later than on the last day of January preceding the Annual General Meeting.The proposed amended version of the Charter is available on the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe aforementioned proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  this notice  the Governing Bodies’ Remuneration Report and the proposed amended Charter of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board as well as the Annual Report  which includes the Financial Statements of the Company  the Board of Directors’ Report (including the sustainability report)  the Auditor’s Report and the assurance report on the sustainability statement  are available on KH Group’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website on 19 May 2026  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting  on 22 April 2026  in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares in the Company are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account (including Finnish equity savings account) is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration to the General Meeting begins on 13 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. EEST. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register no later than on 27 April 2026 at 4:00 p.m. EEST  by which time the registration must be received.Registration can be done:a) Through the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026In the electronic registration  a strong identification of the shareholder or their proxy representative or legal representative is required with Finnish  Swedish or Danish banking codes or a mobile ID.b) By email or mail to Innovatics Ltd to the address agm@innovatics.fi   to the address Innovatics Ltd  AGM / KH Group Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  FinlandShareholders registering by email or mail shall submit the registration form and possible advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026 or corresponding informatio in the message.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth or business ID  phone number and/or email address as well as the name of assistant or a proxy representative  if any  date of birth of the proxy representative and their phone number and/or email address. The personal data given by the shareholders or the representatives to KH Group or Innovatics Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of necessary related registrations.The shareholder  legal representative or their proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Additional information on registration and advance voting is available by phone during the registration period of the General Meeting at Innovatics Ltd’s phone number +358 (0)10 281 8909 from Monday to Friday at 9:00 a.m. to 12 noon and at 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. EEST.2. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of a proxy representative. The shareholder’s proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. The proxy representative must identify themself to the electronic registration service and advance voting with strong identification  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The shareholder’s proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. The representation right can be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi authorisation service available in the electronic registration service.A power of attorney template and voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026 on 13 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. EEST at the latest. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  or alternatively by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  AGM / KH Group Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the expiry of the registration period. In addition to providing proxy documents  the shareholder or the proxy representative must register for the General Meeting as detailed above in this Notice.3. Holder of nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e.  on 22 April 2026  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 30 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. EEST. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of a nominee registered share is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents  the registration and participating for the General Meeting and voting in advance from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of a nominee registered share  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  temporarily into the shareholders’ register of the Company and if needed to see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of a nominee registered share before the expiry of the registration period for the holders of nominee registered shares.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account (including Finnish equity savings account) may vote in advance during the period from 13 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. EEST until 27 April 2026 at 4:00 p.m. EEST on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) Through the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026Logging in to the service is done in the same way as for registration above in the Section C.1.b) By email or mail by delivering the advance voting form available on the Company’s website on 13 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. EEST at the latest or corresponding information by email to agm@innovatics.fi or to the address Innovatics Ltd  AGM / KH Group Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland. The advance votes shall be received before the expiry of the advance voting period. Submitting votes in such manner before the expiry of registration and advance voting period constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that the documents delivered by the shareholder contain the information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance can use their right to request information under the Finnish Companies Act or their right to request a vote at the General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal only if the shareholder participates in the General Meeting in person or by way of proxy representation at the meeting venue.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are available on the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026.5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language will be Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the meeting to follow the meeting online via a live webcast. A video link and password to follow the meeting remotely will be sent via email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided in connection with the registration no later than the day before the General Meeting. Following the meeting through the remote access is only possible for shareholders who are shareholders on the record date of the General Meeting.Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the Company’s website at https://khgroup.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/annual-general-meeting-2026. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting  and that it is not possible for the shareholders to exercise their shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders that wish to follow the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting on the matter on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided above.On the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in KH Group is 58 078 895.No free parking has been arranged at the meeting venue.In Helsinki  on 10 April 2026KH GROUP PLCBoard of Directors,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'KH Group Plc', 'Notice', 'KH Group Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Earnings-related pension insurance contributions', 'Governing Bodies’ Remuneration Report', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Jari Rautjärvi', 'Jon Unnérus', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'Valla Conference Centre', 'The Nomination Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Audit Committee meeting', 'continuing Board members', 'current Board members', 'The Board', 'annual remuneration', 'Valla Auditorium', 'current situation', 'assurance report', 'significant shareholders', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'Itämerentori', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'live webcast', 'section C', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'sustainability statement', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'Juha Karttunen', 'Christoffer Landtman', 'Maija Jokela', 'Taru Narvanmaa', 'balanced representation', '40 per cent', 'Section 9a', 'careful consideration', 'other things', 'two years', 'key areas', 'recruitment process', 'competence areas', 'current members', 'Board work', 'new member', 'other members', 'Further instructions', 'Directors’ Report', 'minimum number', 'Board composition', 'April', 'EEST', 'Notice', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'participants', 'connection', 'coffee', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'quorum', 'attendance', 'list', 'CEO', 'Review', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'Chair', 'EUR', 'accordance', 'term', 'closing', 'consent', 'nominees', 'proposal', 'recommendation', 'women', 'goal', 'gender', 'Chapter', 'five', 'woman', 'account', 'strategy', 'needs', 'businesses', 'context', 'experience', 'operations', 'office', 'fact', 'exception', 'expertise', '2:40', '2:00', '1:30']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55734,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/opinion/2026/04/10/the-magic-word-for-digital-assets-adoption-and-success-choice,The magic word for digital assets adoption and success: choice,For the digital asset ecosystem of the future to flourish  investors need options  explains Sullivan..,Digital assets have moved well beyond the hype cycle. What began as an experiment in decentralized value transfer has evolved into a serious conversation about how capital markets  custody  settlement and asset ownership could be re-imagined for the digital age. Tokenization  programmable money and distributed ledgers may deliver faster settlement  greater transparency and new efficiencies across the financial system.The opportunity is both real and transformative  but accelerated adoption of digital assets is not guaranteed.The ecosystem’s success will not be determined by any single technology  protocol  innovator or platform. Instead  it will hinge on whether the industry embraces a principle that traditional markets have relied on and come to expect for more than a century: choice.If investors  issuers and intermediaries are forced into narrow paths and left without options  the promise of digital assets risks being constrained by the very silos they were meant to dismantle. For Web3 to flourish  market participants must be able to choose how  where and when they engage.Choice in blockchain networks: avoiding silosOne of the most pressing challenges facing digital assets adoption today is fragmentation. New blockchains and networks continue to emerge  each optimized for different use cases  governance models or performance requirements. While innovation is healthy  disconnected ecosystems can quickly become a barrier to scale.Without interoperability  assets risk being locked into isolated environments  limiting liquidity  mobility and investor access. The result is a digital version of the same inefficiencies that have historically plagued financial markets  with the added benefits of being faster and more complex.Interoperability has the potential to change that result. A “network of networks” approach enables assets to move securely across platforms  enabling market participant firms and investors to take full advantage of tokenization’s potential while preserving market integrity and scale. It simplifies use cases  unlocks new business models and supports regulatory consistency  without forcing the industry to converge on a single chain.Indeed  some investors may prefer open  public blockchains  while others may gravitate toward private blockchains. It’s not a matter of ‘or’ – both can and should be available.Achieving this vision will require collaboration. Market infrastructure providers  technology firms and regulators must work together to establish frameworks that prioritize compatibility and interoperability over control. In a recent white paper authored by The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) in collaboration with Clearstream  Euroclear and BCG  we explored how shared standards and coordinated governance could help advance interoperability while maintaining trust and resilience. The message was and remains clear: interoperability is foundational to scale and the future growth of digital markets.Choice in what assets to tokenize (and when!)Tokenization is often discussed as an inevitability  but inevitability should not be confused with immediacy. Not every asset will tokenize  and those that do will not do so at the same pace.For example  while The Depository Trust Corporation (DTC)  as a securities depository  facilitates the post‑trade settlement of securities representing over $100 trillion in value  we are not advocating for broad  indiscriminate  or immediate tokenization. Particularly in the early stages of this ecosystem  disciplined sequencing  intentionality  and caution are essential.Certain asset classes  especially those with clear operational inefficiencies  high reconciliation costs or settlement frictions  are natural early candidates for tokenization. Others may follow as technology matures  regulatory clarity increases  and market demand evolves. Giving issuers and investors the ability to decide what makes sense for their needs  and on their timeline  reduces risk and builds confidence.Choice  in this context  is about sequencing and needs. It allows the market to learn  adapt and scale responsibly rather than forcing adoption before the infrastructure is ready.Choice in how investors want to hold real-world assetsDigital transformation does not mean abandoning established investing principles and processes.For many institutional investors  tokenized assets will coexist with traditional holdings for many years to come. Some will prefer onchain representations for their operational efficiency or programmability. Others will continue to rely on established custody models  particularly as compliance and risk frameworks evolve.A successful digital asset ecosystem can support both. Investors should be able to hold assets in tokenized form alongside traditional securities – and even switch back and forth between them – without sacrificing legal certainty  operational continuity or even the feeling of being in control. Flexibility ensures participation is driven by value  not obligation  and that trust is earned  not assumed.Choice in wallets: empowering the clientPerhaps the most tangible expression of choice is the wallet.As digital assets enter mainstream financial markets  participants will bring different preferences  risk tolerances and operational requirements. Some will prioritize self-custody. Others will rely on institutional-grade solutions. Many will want the freedom to change over time.Wallet selection should belong to clients (market participant firms). No prescribed wallet. No mandated standard. This model empowers market participants to choose based on their own security needs  regulatory considerations  geographic requirements or internal controls.This flexibility is essential for adoption at scale. Markets will thrive when financial institutions have the opportunity to engage on their own terms and can make decisions based on their clients’ and investors’ strategies  needs and preferences.The path forwardThe success of the digital assets ecosystem will not be built on constraints and limitations. Instead  it will be built on options: choice in blockchain  in assets  in custody and in wallets. These are practical requirements for facilitating growth.If the industry gets this right  digital assets can deliver on their promise: more inclusive  efficient and resilient markets. If it gets it wrong  it risks recreating the limitations of the past on faster rails.Choice is the key to making digital assets work for everyone.,neutral,0.46,0.53,0.0,negative,0.02,0.16,0.82,True,English,"['digital assets adoption', 'magic word', 'success', 'choice', 'The Depository Trust Corporation', 'successful digital asset ecosystem', 'recent white paper', 'high reconciliation costs', 'established investing principles', 'Certain asset classes', 'natural early candidates', 'regulatory clarity increases', 'open, public blockchains', 'different use cases', 'post‑trade settlement', 'clear operational inefficiencies', 'new business models', 'decentralized value transfer', 'market participant firms', 'digital assets risks', 'Market infrastructure providers', 'many institutional investors', 'digital assets adoption', 'Clearing Corporation', 'New blockchains', 'securities depository', 'asset ownership', 'same inefficiencies', 'regulatory consistency', 'early stages', 'many years', 'digital age', 'digital version', 'digital markets', 'Digital transformation', 'new efficiencies', 'governance models', 'private blockchains', 'operational efficiency', 'operational continuity', 'technology firms', 'hype cycle', 'serious conversation', 'capital markets', 'programmable money', 'faster settlement', 'greater transparency', 'financial system', 'accelerated adoption', 'traditional markets', 'a century', 'narrow paths', 'market participants', 'pressing challenges', 'performance requirements', 'disconnected ecosystems', 'isolated environments', 'investor access', 'financial markets', 'full advantage', 'market integrity', 'single chain', 'coordinated governance', 'future growth', 'same pace', 'settlement frictions', 'traditional holdings', 'onchain representations', 'tokenized form', 'legal certainty', 'custody models', 'real-world assets', 'tokenized assets', 'single technology', 'traditional securities', 'disciplined sequencing', 'blockchain networks', 'immediate tokenization', 'risk frameworks', 'experiment', 'distributed', 'ledgers', 'opportunity', 'transformative', 'protocol', 'innovator', 'platform', 'industry', 'choice', 'issuers', 'intermediaries', 'options', 'promise', 'silos', 'Web3', 'fragmentation', 'innovation', 'barrier', 'interoperability', 'liquidity', 'mobility', 'result', 'benefits', 'potential', 'approach', 'scale', 'others', 'matter', 'vision', 'collaboration', 'regulators', 'compatibility', 'control', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'BCG', 'standards', 'resilience', 'message', 'inevitability', 'immediacy', 'example', 'intentionality', 'caution', 'demand', 'sense', 'needs', 'timeline', 'confidence', 'context', 'processes', 'programmability', 'compliance', 'feeling', 'Flexibility', 'participation', 'obligation', 'wallets', 'empo']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,coindesk.com
55735,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271913/0/en/Summary-of-the-Vicat-Combined-General-Meeting-2026.html,Summary of the Vicat Combined General Meeting 2026,Annual General Meeting of April 10  2026    Vicat (Euronext Paris: FR0000031775 – VCT) Annual Shareholders’ Meeting was held today under the chairmanship...,Annual General Meeting of April 10  2026Vicat (Euronext Paris: FR0000031775 – VCT) Annual Shareholders’ Meeting was held today under the chairmanship of Guy Sidos  Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO.All the resolutions presented to the Annual General Meeting were adopted  including the resolution to pay a dividend of €2.00 per share  in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors. The ex-dividend date is set on April 29  2026  and the dividend will be paid on May 4  2026.The detailed report of the 2026 Annual General Meeting  with the voting results  will soon be posted on www.vicat.fr.NEXT EVENTSQ1 2026 trading update release on May 4  2026  after market closeContactsInvestor RelationsPierre PEDROSATel. +33 (0)6 73 25 98 06pierre.pedrosa@vicat.fr PressRaphael HinningerTel. +33 (0)7 61 74 86 52raphael.hinninger@vicat.frAbout the Vicat GroupFor 170 years  Vicat has been a leading player in the mineral and biosourced building materials industry. Vicat is a group listed on the Euronext Paris market  part of the SBF 120 Index  and is under the majority control of its founding family. With the ambition of achieving carbon neutrality in its value chain by 2050  the Vicat Group now operates three core lines of business: Cement  Ready-Mixed Concrete and Aggregates  as well as related activities. The Vicat Group is present in 12 countries spanning both developed and emerging markets. It has close to 10 000 employees and generated consolidated sales of €3 854 million in 2025. With its strong regional positions  Vicat is developing a circular economy model beneficial for all and consistently innovating to reduce the construction industry’s environmental impact.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Vicat Combined General Meeting', 'Summary', 'Q1 2026 trading update release', 'biosourced building materials industry', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'three core lines', 'strong regional positions', 'circular economy model', 'Euronext Paris market', 'The Vicat Group', 'construction industry', 'market close', 'Guy Sidos', 'ex-dividend date', 'detailed report', 'voting results', 'NEXT EVENTS', 'Investor Relations', 'leading player', 'SBF 120 Index', 'majority control', 'founding family', 'carbon neutrality', 'value chain', 'Ready-Mixed Concrete', 'related activities', 'emerging markets', 'consolidated sales', 'environmental impact', 'Pierre PEDROSA', 'fr Press', 'Raphael Hinninger', 'April', 'VCT', 'chairmanship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'May', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', '170 years', 'mineral', 'part', 'ambition', 'business', 'Cement', 'Aggregates', '12 countries', 'developed', '10,000 employees', 'Attachment']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55736,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271516/0/en/First-half-Fiscal-2026-results-reset-in-motion-with-first-management-actions-full-year-guidance-updated.html,First half Fiscal 2026 results: reset in motion with first management actions; full-year guidance updated,Issy-les-Moulineaux  April 10  2026 (7am)Sodexo (Euronext Paris FR 0000121220-OTC: SDXAY)  Organic revenue growth of +1.7%Underlying operating profit...,"Issy-les-Moulineaux  April 10  2026 (7am)Sodexo (Euronext Paris FR 0000121220-OTC: SDXAY)Organic revenue growth of +1.7%Underlying operating profit margin of 3.7%  down -140 bps at constant currencies  impacted by both execution challenges and first management actionsRevised full year Fiscal 2026 guidance reflecting prevailing operating conditions: Organic revenue growth between +0.5% and +1% Underlying operating profit margin between 3.2% and 3.4%Roadmap and mid‑term ambition to be presented at an Investor update in Paris on July 16  2026At the Board of Directors meeting held on April 9  2026  chaired by Sophie Bellon  the Board approved the consolidated financial statements for the First half Fiscal 2026 ended February 28  2026.First half Fiscal 2026 key figures(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2026 H1 FISCAL 2025 CHANGE CHANGE ATCONSTANTCURRENCIES Revenues 12 017 12 475 (3.7%) +1.6% Organic revenue growth +1.7% +3.5% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 442 651 (32.1%) (26.5%) UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN 3.7% 5.2% -150bps -140bps Other operating income & expenses (130) (71) OPERATING PROFIT 312 580 (46.2%) (42.9%) Net financial expense (64) (40) Tax charge (64) (105) Effective tax rate(1) 25.9% 19.5% GROUP NET PROFIT(2) 188 434 (56.7%) (54.1%) Basic EPS (in euros) 1.29 2.98 GROUP UNDERLYING NET PROFIT 285 450 (36.7%) (31.3%) Basic underlying EPS (in euros) 1.96 3.08 (36.5%)(1) ETR based on pre-tax profit excluding share of profit from equity method of 246 million euros in First half Fiscal 2026 and 537 millions euros in First half Fiscal 2025.(2) Profit attributable to non-controlling interests were a negative 1 million euros in First half Fiscal 2026 and a positive 5 million euros in First half Fiscal 2025.Thierry Delaporte  Chief Executive Officer of Sodexo  said:“My first priority as CEO has been to take a clear and objective view of where we stand and how we move forward.I am convinced that Sodexo has strong and differentiated assets in an attractive and resilient industry. The engagement of our people  the pride they take in serving clients every day  and the depth of expertise they bring on the ground are a real strength.That said  we have undeniably underperformed the market and our main competitors. The root causes have been building over time and relate primarily to under-investment and execution: commercial intensity  decision-making and prioritization  and consistency in delivery.We have conducted a thorough review of our contracts and assets  with short-term financial implications reflected in both our first-half results and in the revised outlook we are setting for Fiscal 2026. This is deliberate and necessary to rebuild a powerful growth engine and restore Group competitiveness at scale.While we know this will not be an overnight fix  we are moving with a strong sense of urgency on our action plan to restore growth. We have been making significant leadership changes and simplifying the organizational structure in order to accelerate decision-making and raise accountability standards. The entire Sodexo organization is shifting gears  and we are seeing early positive signals.We will outline our roadmap and share our mid-term ambition at an Investor update to be held in July.""Highlights of the periodFirst half Fiscal 2026 consolidated revenues were at 12.0 billion euros  down -3.7% year-on-year due to a negative foreign exchange effect of -5.3% mainly driven by the US dollar. Based on current spot rates  these currency headwinds are expected to progressively ease in the second half  subject to market conditions.were at 12.0 billion euros  down -3.7% year-on-year due to a negative foreign exchange effect of -5.3% mainly driven by the US dollar. Based on current spot rates  these currency headwinds are expected to progressively ease in the second half  subject to market conditions. The impact of acquisitions and disposals was not material in the first half  as the acquisition of Grupo Mediterránea was completed at the very end of February and will contribute more meaningfully in the second half.Organic revenue growth was +1.7% in the first half. Pricing contributed around +2.4%. Like-for-like volume growth was around +0.2%  with active cross‑selling in US Healthcare  and a strong comparable in Sodexo Live! in the first half of last year. Net new business was at around -0.6%  reflecting prior‑year contract losses  mainly in Education and Corporate Services  particularly in North America. Organic growth was also impacted by a -0.3% effect from a contract reclassification in North America Business & Administrations  following a renegotiation and renewal. The annualized impact of this reclassification is around -100 basis points at Group level with a greater impact in the second half of 2026.was +1.7% in the first half. Food services grew at +0.8% organically  affected by past Education contract losses  while FM services delivered +3.6% growth  driven by new contract ramp‑ups in Europe and Rest of the World.Organic growth by geography for the First half: North America: -1.8%  mainly reflecting contract losses in Education and Business & Administrations and  to a lesser extent  changes in scope on certain contracts  alongside the one‑off contract reclassification effect. Healthcare & Seniors continued to deliver strong growth driven by new contracts  while Sodexo Live! was softer due to strong prior‑year comparables. Europe: +2.8%  supported by Healthcare & Seniors and strong Sodexo Live! activity across airport lounges and events  while Education remained softer. Rest of the World: +9.2%  driven by new contract ramp‑ups and strong underlying dynamics notably in India  Australia and Brazil.for the First half: Underlying operating profi t was 442 million euros  down -32.1% year-on-year. The underlying operating profit margin declined by -140 basis points at constant currencies to 3.7%  reflecting operational challenges and mix effects  lower operating leverage linked to softer growth dynamics and the acceleration of investments to strengthen execution. It also reflects the effects of the review of contracts and assets  including specific contract‑related provisions  in the light of their actual performance and current market conditions.was 442 million euros  down -32.1% year-on-year. The underlying operating profit margin declined by -140 basis points at constant currencies to 3.7%  reflecting operational challenges and mix effects  lower operating leverage linked to softer growth dynamics and the acceleration of investments to strengthen execution. It also reflects the effects of the review of contracts and assets  including specific contract‑related provisions  in the light of their actual performance and current market conditions. Other operating income & expenses amounted to -130 million euros  compared to -71 million euros in the prior year. The increase mainly reflects restructuring and rationalization costs linked to organizational changes  leadership adjustments and transformation projects. The current year also includes specific items relating to asset and footprint rationalization decisions  as well as pension-related items.amounted to -130 million euros  compared to -71 million euros in the prior year. The increase mainly reflects restructuring and rationalization costs linked to organizational changes  leadership adjustments and transformation projects. The current year also includes specific items relating to asset and footprint rationalization decisions  as well as pension-related items. Operating profit came in at 312 million euros  compared to 580 million euros in the prior year  reflecting lower underlying operating profit and year-on-year differences in Other operating income and expenses.came in at 312 million euros  compared to 580 million euros in the prior year  reflecting lower underlying operating profit and year-on-year differences in Other operating income and expenses. Net financial expense amounted to 64 million euros  compared with 40 million euros in the prior year  mainly reflecting a higher blended cost of debt following the issuance of US dollar bonds in May 2025.amounted to 64 million euros  compared with 40 million euros in the prior year  mainly reflecting a higher blended cost of debt following the issuance of US dollar bonds in May 2025. The Effective tax rate was 25.9%. In comparison  the effective tax rate for the prior-year was 19.5%  mainly impacted by the updated risk relating to the tax audit at Sodexo S.A.  following the end of the proceedings during this period.was 25.9%. In comparison  the effective tax rate for the prior-year was 19.5%  mainly impacted by the updated risk relating to the tax audit at Sodexo S.A.  following the end of the proceedings during this period. Group net profit amounted to 188 million euros. Group underlying net profit was 285 million euros  down -36.7% year on year  reflecting lower underlying operating profit and currency impacts.amounted to 188 million euros. was 285 million euros  down -36.7% year on year  reflecting lower underlying operating profit and currency impacts. Free cash flow in the first half Fiscal 2026 was a negative -243 million euros  broadly stable year-on-year  reflecting seasonal working capital patterns and higher capital expenditure  notably one‑off client investments linked to contract renewals  as well as lower operating profit  offsetting the exceptional tax outflow recorded in the prior year.in the first half Fiscal 2026 was a negative -243 million euros  broadly stable year-on-year  reflecting seasonal working capital patterns and higher capital expenditure  notably one‑off client investments linked to contract renewals  as well as lower operating profit  offsetting the exceptional tax outflow recorded in the prior year. Net M&A expenditure totaled 256 million euros  mainly reflecting the acquisition of Grupo Mediterránea in Spain  completed on February 28  2026  alongside smaller bolt‑on acquisitions in Europe.totaled 256 million euros  mainly reflecting the acquisition of Grupo Mediterránea in Spain  completed on February 28  2026  alongside smaller bolt‑on acquisitions in Europe. Net debt stood at 3.6 billion euros  corresponding to a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.7x. This reflects the typical seasonality of cash flow in the first half  as well as a lower EBITDA base. Sodexo expects a seasonal improvement in net debt in the second half. However  considering the lower EBITDA level implied by the revised full‑year Fiscal 2026 guidance  the Group now expects to end Fiscal Year 2026 with a net debt to EBITDA ratio above its target range of 1-2x.Commercial activity1At February 28  2026  on a last‑twelve‑months basis  retention stood at 93.4%  compared to 94.0% at the end of Fiscal 2025 and development (excluding cross-selling) at 5.3%  compared to 5.7% at the end of Fiscal 2025.1 Retention and new signings are based on annualized revenue of contracts gained or lost during the period  irrespective of contract dates.Sustainability highlightsSodexo is deploying its Better Tomorrow 2028 roadmap to firmly anchor sustainability as a driver of operational excellence and long‑term value creation for its clients  supporting them in achieving their own sustainability ambitions.In 2026  Sodexo was again included in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook  reflecting the consistency of its sustainability commitments and the progress achieved across environmental  social and governance criteria. In addition  Sodexo was recognized in 2026 as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies ® by Ethisphere  for the third consecutive year.by Ethisphere  for the third consecutive year. Sodexo teams  especially Sodexo chefs  continue to push the boundaries of sustainable cuisine. Their passion and creativity was demonstated at the 2026 fourth edition of its international sustainable chef challenge Cook for Change! Grand Finale  where they showcased innovative  healthy and sustainable dishes that deliver real value for clients and consumers.GovernanceSince February 19  2026  Sodexo has a new global Executive Team  reflecting a simplified leadership structure designed to streamline decision‑making  strengthen proximity to operations and reinforce execution focus. It is composed as follows:Thierry Delaporte  Group Chief Executive Officer  also acting as CEO North AmericaRegional Chief Executive OfficersPatrick Boulier   CEO Latin America  CEO Latin America Andrea Krewer   CEO Brazil  CEO Brazil Nicolas Lannuzel   CEO Asia‑Pacific  Middle East & Africa  CEO Asia‑Pacific  Middle East & Africa Sophie Néron‑Berger   CEO France  CEO France Jean Renton   CEO United Kingdom & Ireland  CEO United Kingdom & Ireland Ulf Wretskog  CEO Continental EuropeNathalie Bellon‑Szabo  CEO Sodexo Live! WorldwideGlobal functionsAlice Guéhennec   Group Chief Tech  Data & Digital Officer  Group Chief Tech  Data & Digital Officer Sébastien de Tramasure   Group Chief Financial Officer  Group Chief Financial Officer Group Chief Human Resources Officer (to be appointed)A full presentation of the Global Executive Team members is available on the Group’s website.OutlookThe first half reflects both ongoing execution challenges and management actions. While these actions weigh on near-term performance  they are intended to rebuild a powerful growth engine and restore competitiveness at scale.For Fiscal 2026  Sodexo now expects:Organic revenue growth between +0.5% and +1% (prev. +1.5% to +2.5%). The adjustment reflects weaker first‑half commercial momentum  as well as lower volumes expected in an uncertain external environment.Underlying operating profit margin between 3.2% and 3.4% (prev. ""slightly lower than Fiscal 2025"")  reflecting softer top-line growth  execution challenges in certain areas  acceleration of investments to strengthen execution  and the impact of the review of contracts and assets.In addition  reflecting the level of Other operating income and expenses already recorded in the first half  and based on the ongoing review of contracts and assets  Sodexo now expects Other operating income and expenses in Fiscal 2026 to amount to around -300 million euros.Sodexo will present its execution agenda and medium‑term ambitions at its Investor update on July 16  2026  in Paris.Conference callSodexo will hold a conference call (in English) today at 9:00 a.m. (Paris time)  8:00 a.m. (London time) to comment on its First half Fiscal 2026 results.Those who wish to connect:From the UK: +44 121 281 8004  orFrom France: +33 1 70 91 87 04  orFrom the US: +1 718 705 8796 Followed by the access code 07 26 13.The live audio webcast will be available on www.sodexo.comThe press release  presentation and webcast will be available on the Group website www.sodexo.com in both the “Newsroom” section and the “Investors – Financial Results” section.Financial calendarFiscal 2026 Third quarter Revenues July 2  2026 Investor Update (Paris) July 16  2026 Fiscal 2026 Annual Results October 23  2026 Fiscal 2026 Annual Shareholders Meeting December 16  2026These dates are indicative and may be subject to change without notice.Regular updates are available in the calendar on our website www.sodexo.comAbout SodexoFounded in Marseille in 1966 by Pierre Bellon  Sodexo is the leader in Food and Services  shaping better everyday experiences at every moment in life: work  heal  learn and play. The Group stands out for its independence  its founding family shareholding and its responsible business model. With its services  Sodexo meets all the challenges of everyday life with a dual goal: to improve the quality of life of our employees and those we serve  and contribute to the economic  social and environmental progress in the communities where we operate. For Sodexo  growth and social commitment go hand in hand. Our purpose is to create a better everyday for everyone to build a better life for all. Sodexo is included in the CAC Next 20  CAC SBT 1.5  FTSE 4 Good and DJSI indices.Key figures24.1 billion euros Fiscal 2025 consolidated revenues 43 countries (as at August 31  2025) 426 000 employees (as at August 31  2025) 80 million consumers served daily #2 France-based private employer worldwide 6.5 billion euros in market capitalization (as at April 9  2026)Contacts Analysts and Investors Media Juliette Klein+33 1 57 75 80 27juliette.klein@sodexo.com Mathieu Scaravetti+33 6 28 62 21 91mathieu.scaravetti@sodexo.com1. First half Fiscal 2026 Financial Report1.1 H1 Fiscal 2026 performance1.1.1 Consolidated income statement(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2026 H1 FISCAL 2025 CHANGE CHANGE AT CONSTANT CURRENCIES Revenues 12 017 12 475 (3.7%) +1.6% Organic Growth +1.7% +3.5% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 442 651 (32.1%) (26.5%) UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN 3.7% 5.2% -150 bps -140 bps Other operating income & expenses (130) (71) OPERATING PROFIT 312 580 (46.2%) (42.9%) Net financial expense (64) (40) Tax charge (64) (105) Effective tax rate(1) 25.9% 19.5% GROUP NET PROFIT(2) 188 434 (56.7%) (54.1%) Basic EPS (in euros) 1.29 2.98 GROUP UNDERLYING NET PROFIT 285 450 (36.7%) (31.3%) Basic underlying EPS (in euros) 1.96 3.08 (36.5%)(1) ETR based on Pre-tax profit excluding share of profit from equity method of 246 million euros in First half Fiscal 2026 and 537 millions euros in First half Fiscal 2025.(2) Profit attributable to non-controlling interests were a negative 1 million euros in First half Fiscal 2026 and a positive 5 million euros in First half Fiscal 2025.1.1.2 RevenuesRevenues by geographyREVENUES(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2026 H1 FISCAL 2025 ORGANIC GROWTH EXTERNAL GROWTH CURRENCY EFFECT TOTAL GROWTH North America 5 395 5 977 -1.8% +0.5% -8.4% -9.7% Europe 4 418 4 336 +2.8% +0.2% -1.1% +1.9% Rest of the World 2 204 2 162 +9.2% -2.1% -5.2% +1.9% GROUP TOTAL 12 017 12 475 +1.7% -0.1% -5.3% -3.7%First half Fiscal 2026 revenues totaled 12.0 billion euros  down -3.7% year-on-year with a negative foreign exchange effect of -5.3%  mainly driven by the US dollar  a net contribution from acquisitions and disposals of -0.1%  and organic revenue growth of +1.7%.Organic revenue growth was driven by pricing of around +2.4% and like‑for‑like volumes growth of around +0.2%  supported by cross‑selling in US Healthcare  despite a strong comparable in Sodexo Live! in the first half of the prior year.This was partly offset by negative net new business of around ‑0.6%  reflecting prior‑year contract losses  mainly in Education and Corporate Services  particularly in North America.Organic growth was also impacted by a ‑0.3% effect from a contract reclassification in North America Business & Administration  following the renegotiation and renewal of a contract moving from gross to net revenue recognition. The annualized impact of this reclassification is estimated at around ‑100 basis points at Group level and will therefore show a greater impact in the second half.Food Services delivered organic growth of +0.8%  impacted by prior contract losses in Education. Facilities Management Services grew organically by +3.6%  supported by the ramp‑up of new contracts  particularly in Europe and Rest of the World.Organic growth by geography in the first half of Fiscal 2026 is summarized below.North America reported organic growth of ‑1.8%  mainly reflecting contract losses in Education and Business & Administration and  to a lesser extent  changes in scope on certain contracts  alongside the one‑off contract reclassification effect. Healthcare and Seniors continued to deliver strong growth driven by new contracts  while Sodexo Live! was softer due to strong prior‑year comparables.Europe delivered organic growth of +2.8%  supported by Healthcare & Seniors and strong Sodexo Live! activity  while Education remained softer.Rest of the World recorded organic growth of +9.2%  driven by new contract ramp‑ups and strong underlying dynamics notably in India  Australia and Brazil.The tables below provide a detailed breakdown of organic growth by segment within each geographic zone.North AmericaREVENUES BY SEGMENT(in million euros) H1 FY 2026 H1 FY 2025 ORGANIC GROWTH Business & Administrations 1 263 1 488 -9.3% Sodexo Live! 723 788 +0.3% Healthcare & Seniors 1 731 1 783 +6.1% Education 1 678 1 918 -4.3% NORTH AMERICA TOTAL 5 395 5 977 -1.8%EuropeREVENUES BY SEGMENT(in million euros) H1 FY 2026 H1 FY 2025 ORGANIC GROWTH Business & Administrations 2 433 2 390 +2.8% Sodexo Live! 311 319 +1.1% Healthcare & Seniors 1 035 979 +6.4% Education 639 648 -1.6% EUROPE TOTAL 4 418 4 336 +2.8%Rest of the WorldREVENUES BY SEGMENT(in million euros) H1 FY 2026 H1 FY 2025 ORGANIC GROWTH Business & Administrations 1 900 1 863 +9.1% Sodexo Live! 29 26 +20.3% Healthcare & Seniors 178 173 +11.5% Education 97 100 +4.6% REST OF THE WORLD TOTAL 2 204 2 162 +9.2%1.1.3 Underlying operating profitFirst half Fiscal 2026 underlying operating profit was 442 million euros  down -32.1% year-on-year. The underlying operating margin declined by -140 bps at constant currencies to 3.7%. This decline primarily reflects operational challenges and mix effects  lower operating leverage linked to softer growth dynamics  and the acceleration of investments aimed at strengthening execution capabilities. It also reflects the outcomes of the Group's review of contracts and assets  including specific contract‑related provisions  based on actual performance and updated assumptions in the current market environment.By geography  the decline in underlying operating profit margin was more pronounced in North America  where margin decreased by approximately -200 bps at constant currencies to 5.0%. This reflects a higher concentration of operational execution challenges  accelerated investments  and the impact of the contract and asset review in the region.In Europe  underlying operating profit margin decreased by -90 bps at constant currencies to 3.3%  while in Rest of the World it declined by around -60 bps at constant currencies  also to 3.3%. In both regions  the margin evolution mainly reflects the impact of management actions related to the contract and asset review  while underlying operational performance remained broadly stable.(in million euros) UNDERLYINGOPERATINGPROFITH1 FISCAL 2026 CHANGE CHANGE(EXCLUDINGCURRENCYEFFECT) UNDERLYINGOPERATINGPROFITMARGIN H1FISCAL 2026 CHANGE INMARGIN CHANGE INMARGIN(EXCLUDINGCURRENCYMIX EFFECT) North America 268 -36.5% -29.3% 5.0% -210 bps -200 bps Europe 147 -21.0% -20.2% 3.3% -100 bps -90 bps Rest of the World 72 -15.3% -9.8% 3.3% -60 bps -60 bps Corporate expenses / HQ Costs (45) +7.1% +7.1% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 442 -32.1% -26.5% 3.7% -150 bps -140 bps1.1.4 Net profit(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2026 H1 FISCAL 2025 UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 442 651 Net impact related to consolidation scope changes 6 (5) Restructuring and rationalization costs (56) (41) Amortization of purchased intangible assets (17) (17) Other (63) (8) OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES (130) (71) OPERATING PROFIT 312 580 Net financial expense (64) (40) Net income before tax & shares accounted for equity method 246 537 Tax charge (64) (105) NET PROFIT (GROUP SHARE) 188 434 UNDERLYING NET PROFIT (GROUP SHARE) 285 450Other operating income and expenses amounted to a negative 130 million euros  compared to a negative 71 million euros in the prior year  mainly reflecting higher restructuring and rationalization costs linked to organizational changes  leadership adjustments and transformation projects  as well as specific items related to asset and footprint rationalization decisions. Amortization of purchased intangible assets was stable year on year. Other items mainly reflect specific elements relating to asset and footprint rationalization decisions  as well as pension‑related items  driven by a legislative change in labor law in India  as well as the recognition of one‑off costs related to a multi-employer pension plan in the U.S.As a result  operating profit amounted to 312 million euros  compared to 580 million euros in the first half of the prior year  reflecting lower underlying operating profit and year‑on‑year differences in other operating income and expenses.Net Financial expenses amounted to 64 million euros  compared to 40 million euros in the prior year  mainly reflecting a higher cost of debt following the issuance of US dollar bonds in May 2025.The effective tax rate was 25.9%. In comparison  the effective tax rate for the first half Fiscal 2025 was 19.5%  mainly impacted by the updated risk relating to the tax audit at Sodexo S.A.  following the end of the proceedings during this period.First half Fiscal 2025 Group Net profit was 188 million euros  compared to 434 million euros in the first half of Fiscal 2025. Underlying net profit adjusted for Other Operating income and expenses net of tax amounted to 285 million euros  compared to 450 million euros in the previous year  reflecting lower underlying operating profit and the currency impacts.1.1.5 Earnings per shareFirst half Fiscal 2026 EPS was 1.29 euros compared to 2.98 euros for first half Fiscal 2025. The weighted average number of shares for First half Fiscal 2026 was more or less stable at 145 558 459 compared to 145 998 269 shares for First half Fiscal 2025.Underlying EPS amounted to 1.96 euros  a decrease of -36.5% compared to 3.08 euros in the previous year.1.2 Consolidated financial position1.2.1 Cash flows(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2026 H1 FISCAL 2025 Operating cash flow(1) 616 600 Change in working capital (461) (491) IFRS 16 leases outflow (90) (87) Net capital expenditure (including client investments) (308) (256) Free cash flow(2) (243) (234) Net acquisitions (256) (72) Share buy-backs (33) (61) Dividends paid to shareholders (394) (388) Other changes (including scope and exchange rates) 31 (60) (Increase)/decrease in net debt (895) (815)(1) The difference with the operating cash flow as presented in the consolidated cash flow statement (section 2.1.4) comes from the client investments  presented in this table within net capex (within operating cash flow in the cash flow statement  under ""Payment of client investments during the period"").(2) The Group does not believe the accounting treatment introduced by IFRS 16 modifies the operating nature of its lease transactions. Accordingly  to ensure the Group’s performance measures continue to best reflect its operating performance  the Group considers repayments of lease liabilities as operating items impacting the Free cash flow  which integrates all lease payments (fixed or variable). To be consistent  the lease liabilities are not included in Net debt (treated as operating items).First half Fiscal 2026 operating cash flow amounted to 616 million euros  an increase of 16 million euros year on year. This improvement mainly reflects the absence this year of the exceptional tax outflow related to the Sodexo S.A. tax audit recorded in the prior period  partly offset by lower operating profit.The change in working capital represented a seasonal outflow of 461 million euros. As a reminder  the end of the first half is a seasonal low point for cash generation  and working capital is expected to normalize significantly by year-end.Net capital expenditure  including new client investments  increased slightly to 308 million euros  or 2.6% of revenues  mainly reflecting one‑off client investments in the context of contract renewals.As a result  free cash flow was broadly stable year on year at -243 million euros.Acquisitions net of disposals amounted to an outflow of 256 million euros  mainly reflecting the acquisition of Grupo Mediterránea  alongside smaller bolt‑on acquisitions in Europe.The Fiscal 2025 dividend paid in the first half amounted to 394 million euros  compared to 388 million euros in the previous year.After taking into account other changes  including foreign exchange impacts  consolidated net debt increased by 895 million euros during the first half to reach 3 582 million euros at February 28  2026.1.2.2 Condensed consolidated statement of financial position at February 28  2026(in million euros) FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 (in million euros) FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 Non-current assets 8 830 8 524 Shareholders’ equity 3 599 3 786 Current assets excluding cash 4 794 4 234 Non-controlling interests 10 13 Non-current liabilities 5 330 5 212 Cash and cash equivalent 1 176 2 091 Current liabilities 5 861 5 838 Assets held for sale — — Liabilities held for sale — — TOTAL ASSETS 14 800 14 849 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 14 800 14 849(in million euros) FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 FEBRUARY 28  2025 Gross debt 4 757 4 777 4 836 Net debt 3 582 2 687 3 416 Gearing ratio 99% 71% 85% Net debt ratio (Net debt/EBITDA) 2.7x 1.8x 2.3xAs of February 28  2026  net debt was 3 582 million euros  up from 2 687 million euros at the end of Fiscal 2025  reflecting the typical seasonality of cash flow with the dividend payment in the first half and seasonal working capital requirements. Given the 13% year-on-year decrease in rolling 12-month EBITDA  the net debt to EBITDA ratio stands at 2.7x  up 0.9x since year-end.At the end of the first half Fiscal 2026  the average interest rate on the bonds stood at 2.7%  up from 1.8% in the first half of last year  mainly reflecting the issuance of US dollar bonds in May 2025 at higher coupons than the existing debt.As of February 28  2026  the Group's gross debt of 4 757 million euros was 55% euro-denominated  37% U.S. dollar-denominated and 7% sterling-denominated  with an average maturity of 3.2 years  95% at fixed rates and 100% covenant free.Operating cash reached a total of 1 175 million euros.At the end of the First half Fiscal 2026  the Group had unused credit lines totaled 1.75 billion euros  with a 5-year maturity  after a one-year extension in July 2025.1.2.3 OutlookThe first half reflects both ongoing execution challenges and management actions. While these actions weigh on near-term performance  they are intended to rebuild a powerful growth engine and restore competitiveness at scale.For Fiscal 2026  Sodexo now expects: Organic revenue growth between +0.5% and +1% (prev. +1.5% to +2.5%). The adjustment reflects weaker first‑half commercial momentum  as well as lower volumes expected in an uncertain external environment. Underlying operating profit margin between 3.2% and 3.4% (prev. ""slightly lower than Fiscal 2025"")  reflecting softer top-line growth  execution challenges in certain areas  acceleration of investments to strengthen execution  and the impact of the review of contracts and assets.In addition  reflecting the level of Other operating income and expenses already recorded in the first half  and based on the ongoing review of contracts and assets  Sodexo now expects Other operating income and expenses in Fiscal 2026 to amount to around -300 million euros.Sodexo will present its execution agenda and medium‑term ambitions at its Investor update on July 16  2026  in Paris.1.2.4 Subsequent eventsNo major events have occurred since the closing of the period.1.2.5 Currency effectExchange rate fluctuations do not generate operational risk  because each subsidiary bills its revenues and incurs its expenses in the same currency.1€= AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2026 AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2025 AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2026VS. H1 FY 2025 CLOSING RATEAT 02/28/26 CLOSING RATEAT 08/31/25 CLOSING RATE02/28/2026VS. 08/31/2025 U.S. dollar (USD) 1.171 1.070 -8.6% 1.181 1.166 -1.2% Pound Sterling (GBP) 0.873 0.834 -4.5% 0.876 0.867 -1.1% Brazilian real (BRL) 6.260 6.240 -0.3% 6.086 6.325 +3.9%The negative foreign exchange effect of ‑5.3% in the first half of fiscal 2026 primarily reflects the depreciation of the U.S. dollar  and to a lesser extent the depreciation of other currencies  including the British pound and several APAC currencies.The percentage of total revenues and underlying operating profit denominated in the main currencies is:H1 FISCAL 2026 % OF REVENUES % OF UNDERLYINGOPERATING PROFIT U.S. dollar (USD) 43% 66% Euro (EUR) 23% 1% Pound Sterling (GBP) 9% 6% Brazilian real (BRL) 4% 7%The currency effect is determined by applying the previous year’s average exchange rates to the current year figures.1.2.6 Alternative performance measure definitionsBlended cost of debtThe blended cost of debt is calculated at period end and is the weighted blended financing rate on borrowings (including derivative financial instruments and commercial papers) and cash pooling balances at period end.Financial ratios definitionFIRST HALF FISCAL2026 FIRST HALFFISCAL 2025 Gearing ratioGross borrowings (a) – operating cash (b) 99%85%Shareholders’ equity and non-controlling interests Net debt ratioBorrowings (a) – operating cash (b) 2.7x2.3xRolling 12-month (Underlying) EBITDA (c)Financial ratios reconciliationFIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 (a) BorrowingsLong-term borrowings 3 943 4 091 + Short-term borrowings 818 748 - Derivative financial instruments recognized as assets (4) (3) BORROWINGS 4 757 4 836 (b) Operating cashCash and cash equivalents 1 176 1 423 Bank overdrafts (1) (3) OPERATING CASH 1 175 1 420 (c) Rolling 12-month (Underlying) EBITDA(1)Underlying operating profit (RTM) 930 1 149 + Depreciation and amortization (RTM) 468 432 + Client investments amortization (RTM) 129 126 - Lease payments (RTM) (217) (193) Rolling 12-month (UNDERLYING) EBITDA 1 310 1 514(1) For the sake of simplification  the term EBITDA is used in reference to Underlying EBITDA.Free cash flowPlease refer to section 1.2 Group Financial Situation.Growth excluding currency effectThe currency effect is determined by applying the previous year’s average exchange rates to the current year figures  except in hyper-inflationary economies where all figures are converted at the latest closing rate for both periods when the impact is significant.Net debtNet debt is defined as Group borrowing at the balance sheet date  less operating cash.Organic growthOrganic growth is the increase in revenue for a given period (the “current period”) compared to the revenue reported for the same period of the prior fiscal year  calculated using the exchange rate for the prior fiscal year; and excluding the impact of business acquisitions (or gain of control) and divestments  as follows:for businesses acquired (or gain of control) during the current period  revenue generated since the acquisition date is excluded from the organic growth calculation;for businesses acquired (or gain of control) during the prior fiscal year  revenue generated during the current period up to the first anniversary date of the acquisition is excluded;for businesses divested (or loss of control) during the prior fiscal year  revenue generated in the comparative period of the prior fiscal year until the divestment date is excluded;for businesses divested (or loss of control) during the current fiscal year  revenue generated in the period starting 12 months before the divestment date up to the end of the comparative period of the prior fiscal year is excluded.Underlying net profitUnderlying Net profit is defined as Net profit excluding significant unusual and/or infrequent items and represents the Group's share of Income excluding Other Income and Expense after tax  as well as significant non-recurring items in both Net Financial Expenses and Income Tax Expenses where relevant.Underlying net profit per shareUnderlying Net profit per share presents the underlying net profit divided by the average number of shares.Underlying operating profit marginThe underlying operating profit margin corresponds to underlying operating profit divided by revenues.Underlying operating profit margin at constant ratesThe underlying operating profit margin at constant rates corresponds to underlying operating profit divided by revenues  calculated by converting 2026 figures at Fiscal 2025 rates  except for countries with hyperinflationary economies.2. First half Fiscal 2026 Condensed consolidated financial statements2.1 Condensed consolidated half year financial statements2.1.1 Consolidated income statement(in million euros) NOTES FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Revenues 4.1 12 017 12 475 Cost of sales 4.2 (10 725) (10 952) Gross profit 1 292 1 523 Selling  general and administrative costs 4.2 (852) (875) Share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business 2 3 Underlying operating profit 4.1 442 651 Other operating income 4.2 6 10 Other operating expenses 4.2 (136) (81) Operating profit 312 580 Financial income 8.1 26 36 Financial expenses 8.1 (90) (76) Share of profit of other companies accounted for using the equity method 3 4 Profit before tax 251 544 Income tax expense 9.1 (64) (105) Net profit 187 439 Of which: Profit attributable to non-controlling interests (1) 5 PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT 188 434 Basic earnings per share (in euros) 7.2 1.29 2.98 Diluted earnings per share (in euros) 7.2 1.28 2.942.1.2 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 NET PROFIT 187 439 Items of other comprehensive income that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 39 208 Change in fair value of derivates hedging instruments — — Change in fair value of derivates hedging instruments reclassified to profit or loss — — Exchange differences 45 209 Exchange differences reclassified to profit or loss (6) (1) Tax on items of other comprehensive income that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss — — Share of other items of comprehensive income (loss) of companies accounted for using the equity method  net of tax — — Items of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 4 8 Remeasurement of defined benefit plan obligation 7 5 Change in fair value of financial assets remeasured through other comprehensive income (1) 4 Tax on items of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss (2) (1) TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  AFTER TAX 43 216 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 230 655 Of which: Attributable to equity holders of the parent 231 649 Attributable to non-controlling interests (1) 62.1.3 Consolidated statement of financial positionAssets(in million euros) NOTES FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 Goodwill 3 5 588 5 404 Other intangible assets 500 507 Property  plant and equipment 562 571 Right-of-use assets 594 616 Client investments 809 698 Investments in companies accounted for using the equity method 70 71 Non-current financial assets 393 383 Other non-current assets 129 120 Deferred tax assets 185 154 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 8 830 8 524 Current financial assets 27 45 Inventories 315 304 Income tax receivable 139 130 Trade receivables and other current operating assets 4.3 4 313 3 755 Cash and cash equivalents 8.2 1 176 2 091 Assets held for sale — — CURRENT ASSETS 5 970 6 325 TOTAL ASSETS 14 800 14 849Shareholders’ equity and liabilities(in million euros) NOTES FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 Share capital 590 590 Additional paid-in capital 248 248 Reserves and retained earnings 2 761 2 948 EQUITY ATTRIBUABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT 3 599 3 786 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 10 13 SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY 7 3 609 3 799 Non-current borrowings 8.3 3 943 3 962 Non-current lease liabilities 496 509 Employee benefits 268 259 Other non-current liabilities 4.3 270 256 Non-current provisions 6.1 172 95 Deferred tax liabilities 181 131 NON CURRENT LIABILITIES 5 330 5 212 Bank overdrafts 8.2 1 1 Current borrowings 8.3 818 819 Current lease liabilities 148 155 Income tax payable 124 135 Current provisions 6.1 56 58 Trade and other payables 4.3 4 714 4 670 Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale — — CURRENT LIABILITIES 5 861 5 838 TOTAL SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 14 800 14 8492.1.4 Consolidated cash flow statement(in million euros) NOTES FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Operating profit 312 580 Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible assets  property  plantand equipment and right-of-use assets* 269 233 Payment of client investments during the period (145) (103) Amortization of client investments during the period 65 67 Provisions 73 (25) (Gains) losses on disposals and dilution (6) 7 Other non-cash items 9 15 Dividends received from companies accounted using the equity method 8 3 Interest paid (61) (33) Interest received 23 33 Interests paid on lease liabilities (11) (12) Income tax paid (65) (268) Operating cash flow 471 497 Change in inventories (9) 1 Change in trade receivables and other current operating assets (476) (437) Change in trade and other payables 24 (55) Change in working capital relating to operating activities (461) (491) NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 10 6 Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (174) (164) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 11 11 Change in financial assets and share of companies consolidated by the equity method (60) 17 Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (185) (83) Disposal of subsidiaries  net of cash transferred (2) 11 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES (410) (208) Dividends paid to Sodexo S.A. shareholders 7.1 (394) (388) Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (2) (2) Purchases of treasury shares 7.1 (33) (61) Sales of treasury shares 7.1 1 (1) Change in non-controlling interests — — Proceeds from borrowings 8.3 18 209 Repayments of borrowings 8.3 (7) (226) Repayments of lease liabilities (90) (87) NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (507) (556) NET EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES AND OTHER EFFECTS ON CASH (8) 44 CHANGE IN NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (915) (714) NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 2 090 2 134 NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  END OF THE PERIOD 8.2 1 175 1 420* Including 92 million euros corresponding to the depreciation of right-of-use assets recognized in first half Fiscal 2026 in accordance with IFRS 16 (90 million euros recognized in first half Fiscal 2025).2.1.5 Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equityTOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in million euros) NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING SHARE CAPITAL ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL CONSOLIDATED RESERVES CURRENCY TRANSLATION RESERVE ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS TOTAL Notes 7.1 Shareholders’ equity as of AUGUST 31  2025 147 454 887 590 248 3 575 (628) 3 786 13 3 799 Net profit 188 188 (1) 187 Other comprehensive income (loss)  net of tax 4 39 43 — 43 Comprehensive income 192 39 231 (1) 230 Dividends paid (394) (394) (1) (395) Treasury share transactions (32) (32) (32) Share-based payment (net of income tax) 13 13 13 Change in ownership interest without any change of control — — — Other (5) (5) (1) (6) SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AS OF FEBRUARY 28  2026 147 454 887 590 248 3 349 (589) 3 599 10 3 609TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in million euros) NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING SHARE CAPITAL ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL CONSOLIDATED RESERVES CURRENCY TRANSLATION RESERVE ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS TOTAL Notes 7.1 Shareholders’ equity as of AUGUST 31  2024 147 454 887 590 248 3 342 (399) 3 782 16 3 798 Net profit 434 434 5 439 Other comprehensive income (loss)  net of tax 8 207 215 1 216 Comprehensive income 442 207 649 6 655 Dividends paid (388) (388) (1) (389) Treasury share transactions (62) (62) (62) Share-based payment (net of income tax) 18 18 18 Change in ownership interest without any change of control — — — — Other — — — — SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AS OF FEBRUARY 28  2025 147 454 887 590 248 3 352 (192) 3 999 21 4 0202.2 Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statementsSodexo is a Société Anonyme (a form of limited liability company) registered in France  with its headquarters located in Issy-les-Moulineaux. Sodexo offers a wide range of services to meet the daily needs of its clients  within its On-site Services activity  composed of Food and Facilities Management services.Sodexo’s condensed consolidated financial statements for the six-month period from September 1  2025 to February 28  2026 were approved by the Board of Directors on April 9  2026.The numbers shown in the tables were prepared in thousands of euros and are presented rounded to the nearest million euros (unless otherwise indicated).NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS1.1 Evolution of the Group's GovernanceOn November 10  2025  Thierry Delaporte took office as Group Chief Executive Officer.This change in leadership marked a new stage for Sodexo  following Sophie Bellon’s four-year term as Chief Executive Officer. As part of this evolution  the role of Chair of the Board of Directors was separated from that of Chief Executive Officer. Sophie Bellon now serves as Non-Executive Chair of the Board of Directors for the duration of her term as a Director.On January 1st  2026  Thierry Delaporte took over North America as acting CEO for the Region.On February 19  2026  Sodexo changed its global Executive Team  reflecting a simplified leadership structure designed to streamline decision‑making  strengthen proximity to operations and reinforce execution focus.1.2 Acquisition of Grupo MediterráneaThe acquisition of Grupo Mediterránea in Spain  announced in July 2025  was completed on February 28  2026  after obtaining the customary regulatory approvals.Through this transaction  Sodexo significantly strengthens its presence in Spain  expanding its brand portfolio and consolidating its position across all market segments. The new organization now brings together more than 21 000 employees  1 700 sites and serves more than 500 000 consumers every day  making it one of the leading players in the Spanish market  with a strong local footprint throughout the country.For more information  see Note 3 – Main changes in the scope of consolidation.1.3 Conflict in Middle EastGiven its limited exposure in the Middle East region  the Group is not  at this stage directly and materially affected by the conflict that began on February 28  2026. However  depending on how the situation evolves  the Group could be affected to some extent by the macroeconomic consequences of this conflict.The Group will monitor closely its evolution and its macroeconomic and potentially operational consequences.NOTE 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS2.1 Accounting policies2.1.1 General principlesThe condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended February 28  2026 have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 ""Interim Financial Reporting""  as published by the IASB and endorsed by the European Union. They do not include all the disclosures required for a complete set of annual financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Sodexo Group for the fiscal year ended August 31  2025.The accounting policies applied by the Group in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended February 28  2026 are the same as those used in the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended August 31  2025  with the exception of the specific requirements of IAS 34 (see note 2.2).Standards and amendments adopted by the European Union but not yet applicableStandards and amendments Application date (1) Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 ""Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments"" September 1  2026 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 ""Nature-dependent Electricty Contracts"" September 1  2026 Annual Improvements to IFRS accounting Standards - Volume 11 September 1  2026 IFRS 18 ""Presentation and Disclosures in Financial Statements"" September 1  2027(1) Date of application for the Group's consolidated financial statements.The Group has not elected to early adopt any standards  interpretations or amendments which will be effective for the Group as of September 1  2026. The impact of applying these amendments and IFRS 18 is currently being analyzed.Standards and amendments not yet adopted by the European UnionStandards and amendments Application date (1) IFRS 19 ""Subsidiaries without Public Accountability Disclosures"" September 1  2027 Amendments à IAS 21 ""Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency"" September 1  2027(1) Date of application for the Group's consolidated financial statements  subject to adoption by the European Union.IFRS 19 and the IAS 21 amendments will not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.2.2 Specific reporting treatments in the preparation of interim financial statementsIncome tax expenseIncome tax expense (current and deferred) in the condensed half-year consolidated financial statements is computed by applying an estimated average annual tax rate for the current fiscal year to each tax reporting entity's pre-tax profit for the period as adjusted  where applicable  for the tax effect of any specific events that may have occurred during the period. The resulting deferred and current tax charge or benefit is recognized in deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities and in income tax assets or payables in accordance with with IAS 12. The Company has considered in the half-year estimated tax expense  the portion of the exceptional corporate income tax contribution attributable to the profit of the first half Fiscal 2026.Post-employment and other long-term employee benefitsThe expense for post-employment and other long-term employee benefits is computed as one half of the annual charge estimated as of August 31  2025. The actuarial projections are updated to take into account any material changes to assumptions or one-off impacts (discount rates  applicable legislation...) during the six-month period.2.3 Use of estimatesThe preparation of the condensed half-year consolidated financial statements requires the management of Sodexo and its subsidiaries to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the amounts reported for assets  liabilities  and contingent liabilities as of the date of preparation of the financial statements  and of revenues and expenses for the period.These estimates and judgments are updated continuously based on past experience and on various other factors considered reasonable in view of the situation prevailing as of February 28  2026  and are the basis for the assessments of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities.Final amounts may differ substantially from these estimates if assumptions or circumstances change.Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions are the same as those described in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31  2025 (valuation of current and non-current assets  assessment of deferred tax assets recoverability  valuation of financial assets measured at fair value  provisions – including uncertain tax treatments – and litigations  assessment of the lease term in measuring the lease liabilities and related right-of-use assets  post-employment defined benefit plan assets and liabilities  and share-based payments).NOTE 3. MAIN CHANGES IN THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATIONGoodwillChanges in goodwill during the first half Fiscal 2026 were as follows:(in million euros) SEPTEMBER 1  2025 INCREASES DURING THE PERIOD* DECREASES DURING THE PERIOD IMPAIRMENT LOSSES RECLASSIFICATIONS EXCHANGE DIFFERENCES FEBRUARY 28  2026 North America 2 334 — — — — (28) 2 306 France 534 53 — — — — 587 United Kingdom & Ireland 663 — — — — (7) 656 Continental Europe 764 117 — — — 8 889 Europe 1 961 170 — — — 1 2 132 Asia-Pacific  Middle East & Africa 600 — — — — 8 608 Latin America 324 — — — — 26 350 Brazil 185 — — — — 7 192 Rest of the World 1 109 — — — — 41 1 150 TOTAL 5 404 170 — — — 14 5 588* During the first half Fiscal 206  new provisional goodwill are recorded for a total amount of 170 million euro  mainly corresponding to Grupo Mediterránea's acquisition (see note 1.2). The revenues of this group from the date of acquisition are not material in comparison with the Group's revenues for first half Fiscal 2026.NOTE 4. SEGMENT INFORMATION AND OTHER OPERATING ITEMS4.1 Segment information and revenue informationThe segment information presented below has been prepared based on internal management data as monitored by the Global Executive Team  which is Sodexo’s chief operating decision-maker.Revenue and Underlying operating profit are followed by regions. These regions meet the definition of operating segments in IFRS 8.Sodexo’s operating segments and groups of operating segments are as follows:North America;Europe  which includes Continental Europe  France and the United Kingdom & Ireland regions;Rest of the World  including Asia-Pacific/Middle East/Africa  Latin America (without Brazil)  and Brazil.The operating segments that have been aggregated carry out similar operations – both in terms of type of services rendered and processes and methods used to deliver the services – and have similar economic characteristics (notably in terms of margins they generate).Segment assets and liabilities are not presented as they are not included in the chief operating decision-maker’s measurement of segment performance.No single Group client or contract accounts for more than 2% of the consolidated revenues.4.1.1 Segment informationFIRST HALF FISCAL 2026(in million euros) NORTH AMERICA EUROPE REST OF THE WORLD CORPORATE EXPENSES GROUP TOTAL Revenues 5 395 4 418 2 204 12 017 Business & Administrations 1 263 2 433 1 900 5 596 Sodexo Live! 723 311 29 1 063 Healthcare & Seniors 1 731 1 035 178 2 944 Education 1 678 639 97 2 414 Purchase of consumables and charge in inventory (1 653) (1 001) (646) — (3 300) Personnel costs(1) (2 509) (2 251) (1 038) (29) (5 827) Other costs (965) (1 019) (448) (16) (2 448) Underlying operating profits(2) 268 147 72 (45) 442(1) Excluding 71 million euros included in other operating expenses (restructuring costs and losses arising from changes in post-employment benefits).(2) Including the Group’s share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business but excluding other operating income and expenses.FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025(in million euros) NORTH AMERICA EUROPE REST OF THE WORLD CORPORATE EXPENSES GROUP TOTAL Revenues 5 977 4 336 2 162 12 475 Business & Administrations 1 488 2 390 1 863 5 741 Sodexo Live! 788 319 26 1 133 Healthcare & Seniors 1 783 979 173 2 935 Education 1 918 648 100 2 666 Purchase of consumables and charge in inventory (1 827) (995) (658) — (3 480) Personnel costs(1) (2 683) (2 186) (1 006) (28) (5 903) Other costs (1 045) (969) (413) (14) (2 441) Underlying operating profits(2) 422 186 85 (42) 651(1) Excluding 38 million euros included in other operating expenses (restructuring costs and losses arising from changes in post-employment benefits).(2) Including the Group’s share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business but excluding other operating income and expenses.4.1.2 Revenues and non-current assets by significant countryThe Group’s operations are spread across 43 countries  including two that each represent over 10% of consolidated revenues in First Half Fiscal 2026:France (the Group’s country of registration) and the United States. Revenues and non-current assets in these countries are as follows:FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 UNITED STATES FRANCE OTHER GROUP TOTAL Revenues (in millions of euros) 5 209 1 447 5 361 12 017 Revenues (as a %) 43% 12% 45% 100%FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 UNITED STATES FRANCE OTHER GROUP TOTAL Revenues (in millions of euros) 5 729 1 440 5 306 12 475 Revenues (as a %) 46% 12% 42% 100%4.1.3 Revenues by line of serviceRevenues by line of service are as follows:(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Food services 8 015 8 440 Facilities Management services 4 002 4 035 TOTAL ON-SITE SERVICES REVENUES 12 017 12 4754.2 Operating expenses4.2.1 Operating expenses by nature(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Personnel costs (5 898) (5 941) Wages and salaries (4 625) (4 714) Other personnel costs(1) (1 273) (1 227) Purchases of consumables and change in inventory (3 300) (3 480) Depreciation  amortization  and impairment losses(2) (267) (233) Amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (238) (234) Impairment of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (29) 1 Rent and attached charges(3) (256) (312) Other expenses(4) (1 986) (1 932) TOTAL NET OPERATING EXPENSES (11 707) (11 898) of which other operating income and expenses (130) (71) TOTAL NET OPERATING EXPENSES excluding other operating income and expenses(5) (11 577) (11 827)(1) Other employee costs include primarily payroll taxes  costs associated with defined benefit plans  defined contribution plans and restricted share plans.(2) Including the depreciation of right-of-use assets of -92 million euros recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 (-90 million euros in first half Fiscal 2025).(3) Corresponds to rent not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities (lease expenses relating to short-term lease contracts  lease contracts of low value assets  and variable lease payments)  primarily composed of commissions based on performance indicators of locations operated under concession arrangements. The decrease observed over the period relates mainly to the variable portion of these commissions.(4) Other expenses mainly include professional fees  other purchases used for operations  sub-contracting costs and travel expenses.(5) Corresponds to the sum of the following consolidated income statement lines: ""Costs of sales"" and ""Selling  General and Administrative costs"".4.2.2 Other operating income and expenses(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Gains related to changes in scope 6 10 Gain on disposals of non-current assets — — Gains on changes of post-employment benefits — — Other — — OTHER OPERATING INCOME 6 10 Restructuring and rationalization costs(1) (56) (41) Losses related to changes in scope — (15) Amortization of intangible assets acquired as a result of a business combination (17) (17) Impairment of goodwill and non-current assets(2) (22) — Costs related to business combinations (2) (1) Losses on changes of post-employment benefits(3) (35) (1) Losses on disposals of non-current assets — — Other (4) (6) OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES (136) (81) TOTAL OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES (130) (71)(1) The costs recognized in first half Fiscal 2026 correspond mainly to the internal reorganization of the Group  as well as costs related to transformation projects.(2) The in-depth review of the Group's industrial assets had led to the recognition of an impairment of non current assets.(3) The increase in losses related to changes in post-employment benefits is mainly attributable  on the one hand  to a legislative change in India and  on the other hand  to the recognition of one-off expenses related to a multi-employer pension plan in the United States.4.3 Working capital4.3.1 Trade receivables and other current operating assets(in million euros)FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT Advances to suppliers 27 — 27 15 — 15 Trade receivables 3 777 (126) 3 651 3 238 (109) 3 129 Other operating receivables 424 (14) 410 447 (10) 437 Prepaid expenses 224 — 224 173 — 173 Other receivables 1 — 1 1 — 1 TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CURRENT OPERATING ASSETS 4 453 (140) 4 313 3 874 (119) 3 755The maturities of trade receivables as of February 28  2026 and August 31  2025 respectively were as follows:(in million euros)FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT Less than 3 months past due 398 (8) 390 448 (5) 443 More than 3 months and less than 6 months past due 61 (13) 48 55 (10) 45 More than 6 months and less than 12 months past due 46 (18) 28 51 (15) 36 More than 12 months past due 78 (62) 16 71 (62) 9 TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES DUE 583 (101) 482 625 (92) 533 Total trade receivables not yet due 3 194 (25) 3 169 2 613 (17) 2 596 TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES 3 777 (126) 3 651 3 238 (109) 3 129During the periods presented  the Group was not affected by any significant change resulting from known client defaults. In addition  given the geographic dispersion of the Group’s activities and the wide range of client industries  there is no material concentration of risk in individual receivables due but not written down.4.3.2 Trade and other payables(in million euros) FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 Operating payables 130 125 Non-operating payables 140 131 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 270 256 Trade payables 2 682 2 621 Employee-related liabilities 1 152 1 200 Advances from clients 334 336 Tax liabilities 244 223 Other operating payables 86 93 Deferred revenues 175 142 Non-operating payables 41 55 TRADE AND OTHER CURRENT PAYABLES 4 714 4 670 TOTAL TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES 4 984 4 926As of February 28  2026  the total amount of receivables transferred by Sodexo’s suppliers under the reverse factoring programs is 489 million euros (561 million euros as of February 28  2025 and 442 million euros as of August 31  2025) of which 203 million euros had already been paid to suppliers by factors (446 million euros as of February 28  2025 and 198 million euros as of August 31  2025). The reverse factoring programs have not modified the maturity of these liabilities. Trade payables that have been financed through a reverse factoring program at closing date are still classified as trade payables and included in the total trade payables figure.NOTE 5. IMPAIRMENT OF NON-CURRENT ASSETSDuring the first half of Fiscal 2026  the Group carried out a review of impairment triggers likely to lead to a decrease in the recoverable value of its tangible and intangible assets.In particular  Sodexo analyzed the performance of its operating segments (level at which goodwill is monitored) compared to the estimates used during the Fiscal 2025 annual closing for impairment testing. The Group has also analyzed the evolution since August 31  2025 of the main financial parameters (discount rate and long-term growth rate).In light of North America's results during the first half Fiscal year  the Group performed a sensitivity analysis by a significantly deteriorating underlying operating profit  increasing the discount rate by 150 basis points and reducing the long-term growth rate by 150 basis points.The Group’s management has concluded that there was no evidence of triggers indicating a decrease in the recoverable value of its operating segments as of February 28  2026 compared to August 31  2025. The annual review of the carrying amount of goodwill and intangible assets will be carried out during the second half Fiscal 2026.Regarding the other non current assets  the in depth-review of the Group's industrial assets led to the recognition of an impairment of 22 million euros.NOTE 6. PROVISIONS  LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES6.1 Provisions(in million euros) AUGUST 31  2025 INCREASES/CHARGES REVERSALS WITH UTILIZATION REVERSALS WITHOUT UTILIZATION EXCHANGE DIFFERENCES AND OTHER(2) FEBRUARY 28  2026 Contract termination and loss-making contracts 40 25 (3) (1) 0 61 Employee claims and litigation 46 10 (6) (3) (16) 31 Tax and social security exposures 11 25 (1) (1) 16 50 Client/supplier claims and litigation 15 16 (1) — — 30 Reorganization costs 12 17 (5) (1) — 23 Provisions for negative net assets(1) 5 — — — 2 7 Other provisions 24 8 (6) (2) 2 26 TOTAL PROVISIONS 153 101 (22) (8) 4 228(1) Investments in companies accounted for using the equity method that have negative net assets.(2) Reclassification of a provision as of August 31  2025 related to the multi-employer pension plans in the United States to social security exposures provisions.6.2 Litigation and contingent liabilitiesDISPUTES WITH THE BRAZILIAN TAX AUTHORITIESIn Brazil  Sodexo and its main competitors have a different interpretation from that of the Brazilian tax administration on the deductibility of PIS/COFINS on certain purchases made at a zero rate.Several proceedings are underway  either at the initiative of the tax authorities  which have notified Sodexo do Brasil Comercial of an adjustment in respect of credits recognized in 2016 of 10 million euros (including penalties and interest for late payment)  or at the initiative of the company  which has filed several claims in the courts.The Group believes that it has strong enough arguments to ultimately succeed in court on this issue. After consultation with its advisors  Sodexo considers that its chances of success in these proceedings are good and that to date the risk of an outflow of resources associated with the PIS/COFINS credits deducted since 2016 remains unlikely; therefore  no provision has been recorded in the consolidated financial statements as of February 28  2026.DISPUTE WITH THE FRENCH COMPETITION AUTHORITYOn October 9  2015  the company Octoplus filed a complaint with the French Competition Authority (Autorité de la concurrence) concerning several French meal voucher issuers  including Sodexo Pass France (Pluxee France).On December 17  2019  the French Competition Authority ruled against the meal voucher issuers and fined Sodexo Pass France (now Pluxee France)  jointly and severally with Sodexo S.A.  for a total amount of 126 million euros. This amount was entirely paid by Sodexo Pass France (now Pluxee France) during the previous fiscal years. An asset was recognized with respect to the amounts paid (126 million euros) and reclassified in “Assets held for sale” as of August 31  2023.Sodexo S.A. lodged an appeal against the decision with the Paris Court of Appeal. On November 16  2023  the Paris Court of Appeal upheld the conviction handed down by the French Competition Authority. Contesting this decision  Sodexo S.A. lodged an appeal with the Supreme Court (Cour de cassation) against the ruling  which was found to contain inaccurate information by the Versailles Court of Appeal on January 28  2025. On October 15  2025  the Supreme Court therefore declared the decision of the Paris Court of Appeal null and void and referred the matter to that court  sitting with a different panel  for reconsideration of Sodexo S.A.’s appeal against the decision of the Competition Authority.The separation agreement entered into in the context of the Pluxee spin-off includes a commitment by Pluxee to compensate Sodexo for any liability or damages related to the above litigation  including in connection with indemnification claims based on the non-final decision of the French Competition Authority.OTHER DISPUTESGroup subsidiaries can also be subject to tax audits  certain of which may result in reassessments. In each case  the risk is assessed by management and its advisors and any charges deemed probable are recorded as provisions or tax liabilities.The Group is not aware of any other governmental  judicial  or arbitral proceedings which are outstanding or threatened and which may have  or have had in the past 6 months  material effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability.Sodexo is also involved in other legal disputes arising in the normal course of its business. The Group does not anticipate that any potential related liabilities will in the aggregate be material to its activities or to its consolidated financial position.NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND EARNINGS PER SHARE7.1 Shareholders' equity7.1.1 Statement of changes in shareholders’ equityComposition of share capital and treasury shares(number of shares) FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 Share Capital(1) 147 454 887 147 454 887 Treasury shares(2) 1 613 572 1 522 327 Outstanding shares 145 841 315 145 932 560(1) With a par value of 4 euros each.(2) Total value of 94 million euros as of February 28  2026 (111 million euros as of August 31  2025).DividendsFIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Dividends paid (in million euros) 394 388 Dividend per share paid (in euros) 2.70 2.657.2 Earnings per shareThe table below presents the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent (in million euros) 188 434 Basic weighted average number of shares 145 558 459 145 998 269 Basic earnings per share (in euros) 1.29 2.98 Average dilutive effect of restricted share plans 1 500 307 1 681 858 Diluted weighted average number of shares 147 058 766 147 680 128 Diluted earnings per share (in euros) 1.28 2.94NOTE 8. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  AND FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSE8.1 Financial income and expenses(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 Gross borrowing cost(1)(3) (67) (53) Interest income from cash and cach equivalents 18 25 NET BORROWING COST (49) (28) Interest expense on lease liabilities(2) (11) (12) Net foreign exchange gains/(losses) — 3 Net interest cost on net defined benefit plan obligation (2) (2) Interest income from loans and receivables at amortized cost 3 4 Other financial income 5 4 Other financial expenses (10) (9) NET FINANCIAL EXPENSE (64) (40) Of which financial income 26 36 Of which financial expenses (90) (76)(1) Gross borrowing cost represents interest expense on financial liabilities at amortized cost and interest expense on hedging instruments.(2) Interest on lease liabilities recognized in accordance with IFRS 16.(3) Gross borrowing cost breaks down as follows: 61 million euros (42 million euros in first half Fiscal 2025) relates to the Group’s EUR  GBP and USD bonds and other committed banking facilities. In addition  6 million euros (11 million euros in first half Fiscal 2025) corresponds to interest expense relating to the cash pool mechanism – interest income related to the cash pool mechanism is included in interest income from cash and cash equivalents.8.2 Cash and cash equivalents(in million euros) FEBRUARY 28  2026 AUGUST 31  2025 Marketable securities(1) 70 92 Cash(2) 1 106 1 999 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 1 176 2 091 Bank overdrafts (1) (1) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS NET OF BANK OVERDRAFTS 1 175 2 090(1) Marketable securities only comprise term deposits as of February 28  2026 and August 31  2025.(2) Including 11 million euros as of February 28  2026   similarly to August 31  2025  allocated to the liquidity contract signed with an investment services provider  which complies with the Code of conduct drawn up by the French financial markets association (Association française des marchés financiers – AMAFI) and approved by the French securities regulator (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF)  for the purpose of improving the liquidity of Sodexo shares and the regularity of the quotations.8.3 BorrowingsChanges in borrowings during First half Fiscal 2026 were as follows:(in million euros) AUGUST 31  2025 INCREASES(2) REPAYMENTS DISCOUNTING EFFECTS AND OTHER EXCHANGE DIFFERENCES CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION FEBRUARY 28  2026 Bond issues 4 752 8 — — (23) — 4 737 Private placements and bank borrowings — — — — — — — Other borrowings 5 2 (5) — — — 2 TOTAL BORROWINGS EXCLUDING DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 4 757 10 (5) — (23) — 4 739 Net fair value of derivative financial instruments(1) 20 18 (2) (18) — — 18 TOTAL BORROWINGS 4 777 28 (7) (18) (23) — 4 757(1) Including derivative financial instruments of 22 million euros recorded in liabilities as of February 28  2026 (24 million euros as of August 31  2025).(2) Interest accrued and amortization of borrowing costs for the period are included in increases.Borrowings excluding derivative financial instruments(in millions of euros) < 1 YEAR 1 TO 3 YEARS 3 TO 5 YEARS > 5 YEARS TOTAL Carrying amount as of February 28  2026 814 1 579 1 308 1 038 4 739 Carrying amount as of August 31  2025 816 1 583 1 312 1 046 4 757In order to comply with the Group’s financing policy  substantially all borrowings are long term and at fixed interest rates.As of February 28  2026  like as of August 31  2025  95% of the Group’s borrowings were at fixed rate  and the average interest rate amounted to 2.7%.The bond issues and borrowings from financial institutions described above include customary early redemption clauses. These clauses include cross-default and change-in-control clauses which apply to all of the borrowings.None of the bond issues have a financial covenant.July 2011 multicurrency confirmed credit facilityOn July 18  2011  Sodexo S.A. contracted a multi-currency credit facility for a maximum of 600 million euros plus 800 million U.S. dollars  with an original maturity date of July 18  2016. This facility has been amended on a number of occasions with the most recent amendment being in July 2024 with a new maturity date of July 2029  with two options to extend the maturity by one year each  up to July 2031. There is now one overall facility limit of 1 750 million euros that can be drawn in Euro  U.S. dollars and British pound Sterling. As part of the 2024 amendment  all three existing bilateral lines were cancelled and merged into this one credit facility.In December 2025  Sodexo successfully renegotiated their ESG rendezvous clause linked to this credit facility and agreed new key performance indicators with the banks that are linked to the most material and impactful ESG initiatives that the Group is undertaking. The topic of Food Waste remains but new KPI’s linked to the Fleet Transition and Low Carbon meal rollout are now also added with the targets closely aligned to our Better Tomorrow 2028 plan and are set for the duration of the facility.Amounts drawn on this facility carry floating interest indexed on the SOFR  SONIA  and EURIBOR rates. This credit facility is not subject to any covenant.No amounts had been drawn down on the facility as of either February 28  2026 or as of August 31  2025.Commercial papersBorrowings under the Sodexo S.A. and Sodexo Finance commercial paper programs are nil as of February 28  2026 and as of August 31  2025NOTE 9. OTHER INFORMATION9.1 Income taxThe effective tax rate for the first half Fiscal 2026 is 25.9%. In comparison  the effective tax rate for the first half Fiscal 2025 was 19.5%  mainly impacted by the updated risk relating to tax audit at Sodexo S.A.  following the end of proceedings during this period.9.2 Compensation of members of the Board of Directors and the Global Executive TeamThere were no significant changes from the fiscal year ended August 31  2025 in relation to the nature of compensation  advances and commitments for pensions or similar benefits granted to members of Sodexo's Board of Directors and of the Global Executive Team.9.3 Related parties informationNon-consolidated companiesTransactions with non-consolidated companies are similar in nature to those described in note 14.3  ""Related parties"" to the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended August 31  2025.Principal shareholderAs of February 28  2026  Bellon SA held 43.8% of the capital of Sodexo and 58.9% of the exercisable voting rights.In the first half Fiscal 2026  Sodexo recognized an expense of 2.1 million euros under an assistance and advisory services agreement signed with Bellon SA (2.5 million euros in First half Fiscal 2025).Sodexo S.A. paid to Bellon SA 174 million euros in dividends during first half Fiscal 2026.9.4 Subsequent eventsNo major events have occurred since the closing of the period.9.5 Changes in main currency exchange ratesThe following table presents changes in exchange rates for the main currencies used to convert the financial statements of subsidiaries compared with the first half of the prior fiscal year:Currency CLOSING RATE AS OF FEBRUARY 28  2026 AVERAGE RATE FOR FIRST HALF FISCAL 2026 CLOSING RATE AS OF AUGUST 31  2025 CLOSING RATE AS OF FEBRUARY 28  2025 AVERAGE RATE FOR FIRST HALF FISCAL 2025 U.S. dollar (USD) 1.181 1.171 1.166 1.041 1.070 Pound Sterling (GBP) 0.876 0.873 0.867 0.826 0.834 Brazilian real (BRL) 6.086 6.260 6.325 6.071 6.2403. Statutory Auditors' Review Report on the Half-yearly Financial InformationKPMG S.A. ERNST & YOUNG Audit Tour Eqho2  avenue GambettaCS 6005592066 Paris-La Défense cedex Tour FirstTSA 1444492037 Paris-La Défense cedexS.A.S. à capital variable344 366 315 R.C.S. NanterreThis is a free translation into English of the statutory auditors’ review report on the half-yearly financial information issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. This report includes information relating to the specific verification of information given in the Group’s half-yearly management report. This report should be read in conjunction with  and construed in accordance with  French law and professional standards applicable in France.Sodexo255  quai de la Bataille de Stalingrad - 92130 Issy-Les-Moulineaux Cedex 9Statutory auditors’ review report on the half-yearly financial informationPeriod from September 1  2025  to February 28  2026To the Shareholders In compliance with the assignment entrusted to us by your annual general meetings and in accordance with the requirements of Article L. 451-1-2 III of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)  we hereby report to you on:the review of the accompanying condensed half-yearly consolidated financial statements of Sodexo  for the period from September 1 st   2025  to February 28 th   2026;  2025  to February 28   2026; the verification of the information presented in the half-yearly management report.These condensed half-yearly consolidated financial statements were prepared under the responsibility of the Board of Directors. Our role is to express a conclusion on these financial statements based on our review.I. Conclusion on the financial statementsWe conducted our review in accordance with professional standards applicable in France.A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries  primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters  and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards applicable in France and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly  we do not express an audit opinion.Based on our review  nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying condensed half-yearly consolidated financial statements are not prepared  in all material respects  in accordance with IAS 34 - standard of the IFRSs as adopted by the European Union applicable to interim financial information.II. Specific verificationWe have also verified the information presented in the half-yearly management report on the condensed half-yearly consolidated financial statements subject of our review. We have no matters to report as to its fair presentation and consistency with the condensed half-yearly consolidated financial statements.Paris-La Défense  April 9  2026The Statutory auditorsFrench original signed byKPMG S.A. ERNST & YOUNG AuditEric Ropert Aymeric de La Morandière Soraya Ghannem Partner Partner Partner4. Statement of responsibility for the Interim Financial ReportGroup Chief Executive OfficerResponsibility for the Half Year Financial ReportIssy-les-Moulineaux  April 9  2026I hereby affirm that to the best of my knowledge the condensed financial statements presented for the half-year just ended have been prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting standards and provide a fair view of the assets  financial position  and profits of Sodexo  and of all the companies included within the consolidation scope  and that the half year activity review included in the attached report presents a true view of the significant events which took place during the first six months of the full year period and of their impact on the half year financial statements; the principle transactions between related parties; and describes the main risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the year.Thierry DelaporteChief Executive OfficerAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.33,0.33,True,English,"['First half Fiscal 2026 results', 'first management actions', 'full-year guidance', 'motion', 'H1 FISCAL 2026 H1 FISCAL 2025 CHANGE CHANGE', 'First half Fiscal 2026 key figures', 'negative foreign exchange effect', 'new contract ramp‑ups', 'full year Fiscal 2026 guidance', 'past Education contract losses', 'prior‑year contract losses', 'UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN', 'Fiscal 2026 consolidated revenues', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'significant leadership changes', 'early positive signals', 'current spot rates', 'Grupo Mediterránea', 'active cross‑selling', 'Net new business', 'Other operating income', 'short-term financial implications', 'first management actions', 'mid‑term ambition', 'Effective tax rate', 'Basic underlying EPS', 'powerful growth engine', 'prevailing operating conditions', 'Net financial expense', 'negative 1 million euros', 'Organic revenue growth', 'North America Business', 'entire Sodexo organization', 'positive 5 million euros', 'Basic EPS', 'contract reclassification', 'Organic growth', 'NET PROFIT', 'financial statements', 'first priority', 'CURRENCIES Revenues', 'Tax charge', '246 million euros', 'mid-term ambition', 'second half', 'last year', 'volume growth', 'pre-tax profit', 'Investor update', 'Directors meeting', 'Sophie Bellon', 'equity method', '537 millions euros', 'controlling interests', 'Thierry Delaporte', 'objective view', 'resilient industry', 'real strength', 'main competitors', 'root causes', 'commercial intensity', 'thorough review', 'first-half results', 'revised outlook', 'overnight fix', 'action plan', 'organizational structure', 'accountability standards', '12.0 billion euros', 'US dollar', 'currency headwinds', 'market conditions', 'very end', 'US Healthcare', 'Corporate Services', 'Food services', 'FM services', 'strong sense', 'strong comparable', 'annualized impact', 'greater impact', 'Sodexo Live', 'Euronext Paris', 'constant currencies', 'execution challenges', 'differentiated assets', 'Group competitiveness', 'Group level', '+3.6% growth', '98 GROUP', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'April', 'OTC', 'SDXAY', 'Roadmap', 'July', 'Board', 'expenses', 'ETR', 'share', 'CEO', 'clear', 'attractive', 'engagement', 'people', 'pride', 'clients', 'depth', 'expertise', 'ground', 'time', 'investment', 'decision-making', 'prioritization', 'consistency', 'delivery', 'contracts', 'scale', 'urgency', 'order', 'gears', 'Highlights', 'period', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'February', 'Pricing', 'Administrations', 'renegotiation', 'renewal', 'Europe', 'World', 'geography']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55737,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/oci-global-publishes-2025-annual-report-and-audited-financial-statements-302739416.html,OCI Global Publishes 2025 Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements,"AMSTERDAM  April 10  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- OCI Global N.V. (""OCI"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext: OCI) today announced the publication of its 2025 Annual Report  including the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Annual Report and…","AMSTERDAM  April 10  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- OCI Global N.V. (""OCI"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext: OCI) today announced the publication of its 2025 Annual Report  including the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.The Annual Report and the audited financial statements therein include disclosures reflecting the substantial transformation of OCI during 2025  including the completion of major divestments  the return of capital to shareholders  and the resulting simplification of the group's portfolio and capital structure.The Annual Report has been filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) using the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF). The 2025 Annual Report is also available for download on OCI's website at www.oci-global.com.Further information regarding OCI's Annual General Meeting will be communicated in due course.About OCI GlobalLearn more about OCI at www.oci-global.com. You can also follow OCI on LinkedIn.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['OCI Global', '2025 Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'OCI Global N.V.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual Report', 'The 2025 Annual Report', 'financial statements', 'substantial transformation', 'major divestments', 'resulting simplification', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'Further information', 'due course', 'capital structure', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'Euronext', 'publication', 'year', 'disclosures', 'completion', 'return', 'shareholders', 'group', 'portfolio', 'AFM', 'ESEF', 'download', 'website', 'LinkedIn']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,prnewswire.co.uk
55738,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271532/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 2 April 2026 to 8 April 2026  Share Buyback ProgramOn 26 February 2026 ...,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 2 April 2026 to 8 April 2026Share Buyback ProgramOn 26 February 2026   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 75 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 2 April 2026 to 8 April 2026  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 31 305 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 2 April 2026 to 8 April 2026:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 2 April 2026 Euronext Brussels 6 447 39.45 39.90 39.25 254 334 MTF CBOE 4 604 39.45 39.80 39.25 181 628 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 3 April 2026 Euronext Brussels — MTF CBOE — MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 6 April 2026 Euronext Brussels — MTF CBOE — MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 7 April 2026 Euronext Brussels 7 000 39.28 39.85 38.60 274 960 MTF CBOE 5 000 39.28 39.80 38.65 196 400 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 8 April 2026 Euronext Brussels 5 344 41.13 41.45 40.35 219 799 MTF CBOE 2 910 41.08 41.45 40.70 119 543 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 31 305 39.82 41.45 38.60 1 246 663Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 3 000 shares during the period from 2 April 2026 to 8 April 2026 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 3 400 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 2 April 2026 to 8 April 2026:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 April 2026 1 600 39.69 39.95 39.20 63 504 3 April 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 6 April 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 7 April 2026 1 400 39.07 39.60 38.60 54 698 8 April 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 3 000 118 202Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 April 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 3 April 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 6 April 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 7 April 2026 17 39.90 39.90 39.90 678 8 April 2026 3 383 40.99 41.50 40.50 138 669 Total 3 400 139 347The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 22 951 shares.On 8 April 2026 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 1 771 735 own shares  or 3.50% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.13,0.13,0.74,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total', '628 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '400 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'MTF CBOE', '2 April 2026 Euronext Brussels', 'Date Number', 'total number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'next tranche', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '31 305 shares', '3 000 shares', '3 400 shares', '22 951 shares', '8 April', '6 April', '7 April', '3 April', 'Update', '26 February', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '25 June', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '334', '771 735']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55739,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271510/0/en/Fagron-convenes-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-on-11-May-2026.html,Fagron convenes Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting on 11 May 2026,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  10 April 2026 – 7 AM CEST  Fagron convenes Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting...,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  10 April 2026 – 7 AM CESTFagron convenes Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting on 11 May 2026Fagron NV invites its shareholders and holders of subscription rights to attend its Ordinary General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting  to be held on Monday  11 May 2026  starting at 15:00 CEST. The Extraordinary General Meeting will be held before notary and will take place immediately following the Ordinary General Meeting.Both meetings will be held at the Company’s registered office  located at Venecoweg 20a  Nazareth-De Pinte (Belgium).Shareholders wishing to attend and vote are required to comply with the admission and registration formalities set out in the convening notice. The convening notice  agenda (including the proposed resolutions and explanatory notes to the agenda items)  and other related documents in respect of the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting are available on the Fagron website as of today.Any questions regarding the meetings or related practicalities may be directed to Fran Ooms  Company Secretary  at fran.ooms@fagron.com.Further informationIgnacio ArtolaGlobal Head of Investor RelationsTel. +34 670 385 795Ignacio.artola@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is the leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics  and patients in more than 38 countries around the world.The Belgian company Fagron NV is based in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed through the Dutch company Fagron BV with head office in Rotterdam.Important information regarding forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be deemed to be forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. Consequently  Fagron cannot provide any guarantee that such forward-looking statements will  in fact  materialize and cannot accept any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or for any other reason.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.08,0.59,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Fagron', '11 May', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'other related documents', 'leading global company', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'related practicalities', 'Global Head', 'other reason', 'Regulated information', 'subscription rights', 'registered office', 'Venecoweg 20a', 'Nazareth-De Pinte', 'registration formalities', 'convening notice', 'explanatory notes', 'Company Secretary', 'Further information', 'Ignacio Artola', 'Investor Relations', 'Ignacio.artola', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'Belgian company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'Dutch company', 'head office', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'new information', 'future events', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'The Netherlands', 'agenda items', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron website', 'Fagron BV', 'Fran Ooms', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '10 April', '11 May', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'notary', 'place', 'meetings', 'admission', 'resolutions', 'respect', 'today', 'questions', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '38 countries', 'world', 'uncertainties', 'guarantee', 'fact', 'obligation', 'result', 'differences', 'Attachment', '7', '15:00']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55740,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271929/0/en/FERRARI-N-V-COMPLETION-OF-THE-FIRST-TRANCHE-AND-ANNOUNCEMENT-OF-THE-SECOND-TRANCHE-OF-THE-MULTI-YEAR-SHARE-REPURCHASE-PROGRAM.html,FERRARI N.V.: COMPLETION OF THE FIRST TRANCHE AND ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE SECOND TRANCHE OF THE MULTI-YEAR SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  April 10 2026 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 250 million share buyback program announced on December 16  2025  as the first tranche of the multi-year share…,Maranello (Italy)  April 10 2026 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 250 million share buyback program announced on December 16  2025  as the first tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 3.5 billion expected to be executed by 2030 in line with the disclosure made during the 2025 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 07/04/2026 43 175 289.1433 12 483 761.98 - - - - 43 175 289.1433 12 483 761.98 08/04/2026 - - - 18 086 353.1771 6 387 561.03 5 456 655.59 18 086 301.7060 5 456 655.59 43 175289.143312 483 761.9818 086353.17716 387 561.035 456 655.5961 261292.852217 940 417.57Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseWith the purchases described above the Company has completed the First Tranche.The total consideration for such First Tranche was:Euro 199 999 486.77 for No. 680 168 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 57 884 510.41 (Euro 49 999 734.27 *) for No. 169 886 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of April 9  2026 the Company held in treasury No. 17 494 660 common shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan  corresponding to 9.02% of the total issued common shares. Including the special voting shares  the Company held in treasury 9.40% of the total issued share capital.Since January 5  2026  start date of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 3.5 billion announced during the 2025 Capital Markets Day  until April 9  2026  the Company has purchased a total of 850 054 own common shares on EXM and NYSE for a total consideration of Euro 249 999 221.05.The Company intends to continue its multi-year share buyback program with a second tranche of up to Euro 250 million (the “Second Tranche”) due to start on April 13  2026 and expected to end no later than August 28  2026.The Second Tranche will be funded through the Company’s available cash  and common shares repurchased under the Second Tranche may be used to meet the obligations arising from the Company’s equity incentive plan.The Second Tranche has two components.Firstly  Ferrari has entered into a non-discretionary buyback agreement for up to Euro 200 million to be executed on the EXM market through a primary financial institution (the “Bank”). The Bank will make its trading decisions concerning the timing of the purchases of Ferrari’s common shares independently of and uninfluenced by Ferrari and it will act in compliance with applicable rules and regulations as well as in accordance with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (the “Regulations”). Under this agreement purchases may continue during any closed periods of Ferrari in accordance with the Regulations.Secondly  Ferrari has entered into an additional mandate with a primary financial institution for up to Euro 50 million to be executed on the NYSE. Pursuant to such mandate Ferrari would provide the financial institution with purchase instructions from time to time in compliance with applicable rules  regulations and legal requirements. The actual timing  number and value of common shares repurchased on the NYSE will depend on a number of factors  including market and general business conditions.The Second Tranche implements the resolution adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting (held on April 16  2025) and duly communicated to the market  which authorized the purchase of up to 10% of the Company’s common shares during the eighteen-month period following such Shareholders’ Meeting. The repurchase authority will expire on October 15  2026  unless extended or renewed before such date.Details of the repurchase transactions carried out under the Second Tranche will be disclosed to the market as required by applicable regulation.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs).About FerrariFerrari is one of the world’s leading luxury brands  encompassing racing  sports cars and lifestyle. Ineach of these three souls  the Prancing Horse is a symbol of exclusivity  innovation and cutting-edge performance. The brand’s heritage and global recognition are closely associated with its Formula 1 racing team  Scuderia Ferrari  the most successful in the sport’s history. Since the inaugural World Championship in 1950  Scuderia Ferrari has claimed 16 Constructors’ and 15 Drivers’ world titles.From its home in Maranello  Italy  Ferrari designs  engineers  and produces some of the world’s most iconic and recognisable luxury sports cars  sold in over 60 markets worldwide. In lifestyle  Ferrari designs and creates a selection of personal luxury goods  collectibles and experiences that embody the brand’s elevated style and passion.Forward Looking StatementsThis document contains forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “continue”  “on track”  “successful”  “grow”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  “guidance” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on the Ferrari Group’s (hereinafter  the “Group”) current expectations and projections about future events and  by their nature  are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in such statements as a result of a variety of factors  including those described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Group” of the Company’s annual and quarterly reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  which are available on Ferrari’s website (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate). Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning the Group and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect the Company’s financial results  is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the AFM and CONSOB.For further information:Media RelationsEmail: media@ferrari.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['MULTI-YEAR SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM', 'FERRARI N.V.', 'FIRST TRANCHE', 'SECOND TRANCHE', 'COMPLETION', 'THE', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '250 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'equity incentive plan', 'general business conditions', 'leading luxury brands', '2025 Capital Markets Day', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'discretionary buyback agreement', 'primary financial institution', 'special voting shares', 'European Central Bank', 'The Second Tranche', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 680,168 common shares', 'No. 169,886 common shares', 'additional common shares', 'share capital', 'trading decisions', 'applicable regulation', 'The Bank', 'share Consideration', '4,660 common shares', 'first tranche', 'treasury No.', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'available cash', 'two components', 'applicable rules', 'closed periods', 'additional mandate', 'legal requirements', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'eighteen-month period', 'repurchase authority', 'comprehensive overview', 'sports cars', 'three souls', 'Prancing Horse', 'cutting-edge performance', 'The Company', 'EXM market', 'total consideration', 'actual timing', 'corporate website', 'purchase instructions', 'repurchase transactions', 'start date', 'Maranello', 'April', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'purchases', 'January', 'August', 'obligations', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'time', 'value', 'factors', 'resolution', 'up', 'October', 'Details', 'buyback-programs', 'world', 'racing', 'lifestyle', 'symbol', 'exclusivity', 'innovation', '9.', '850,054']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55741,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271862/0/en/Financial-Press-Release-Postponement-of-the-Publication-of-the-2025-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Financial Press Release : Postponement of the Publication of the 2025 Universal Registration Document,Financial Press Release  Postponement of the Publication of the 2025 Universal Registration Document    Reims  April 10  2026  Maison Pommery &...,Financial Press ReleasePostponement of the Publication of the 2025 Universal Registration DocumentReims  April 10  2026Maison Pommery & Associés has decided to postpone the filing of its 2025 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) to April 27  2026  instead of the initially scheduled date of April 15  2026. This decision has been made in connection with a proposed change in its governance  which must be submitted for approval to its Board of Directors.Next communication​Filing of the 2025 Universal Registration Document: April 27  2026.Maison Pommery & Associés is a major player in the Champagne sector. The Group controls the entire value chain  from vine cultivation to wine production and marketing. The Group is also present in three other wine regions (Provence  Camargue  and Douro). It is strongly committed to enhancing terroirs  promoting sustainable viticulture  and preserving the environment.Maison Pommery & Associés is listed on NYSE Euronext Paris and Brussels.(Code: “POMRY” (Paris and Brussels); ISIN: FR0000062796).Contacts :Maison Pommery & Associés : Press : Franck Delval  CFO+33 3 26 61 62 34​comfi@maisonpommery.fr Laurent Poinsot​+33 1 53 70 74 77​lpoinsot@image7.fr​Caroline Simon​+33 1 53 70 74 65​caroline.simon@image7.frAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Press Release', '2025 Universal Registration Document', 'Postponement', 'Publication', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'three other wine regions', '2025 Universal Registration Document', 'entire value chain', 'Financial Press Release', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'wine production', 'Associés', 'Maison Pommery', 'Next communication', 'major player', 'Champagne sector', 'The Group', 'vine cultivation', 'sustainable viticulture', 'Franck Delval', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Caroline Simon', 'Postponement', 'Publication', 'Reims', 'April', 'filing', 'AMF', 'date', 'decision', 'connection', 'change', 'governance', 'approval', 'Board', 'Directors', 'marketing', 'Provence', 'Camargue', 'Douro', 'terroirs', 'environment', 'Brussels', 'Code', 'POMRY', 'ISIN', 'FR000006279', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'comfi', 'maisonpommery', 'lpoinsot', 'image', 'Attachments']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55742,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271548/0/en/Availability-of-the-preparatory-information-for-the-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-21st-2026.html,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 21st  2026,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 21st  2026  _PRESS RELEASE_  Paris  April 10th  2026 – The...,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 21st  2026_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  April 10th  2026 – The shareholders of Nexans are informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on May 21st  2026 at 2.30 p.m. at Campus Cyber  5-7 rue Bellini  92800 La Défense  France. The meeting will be broadcast live and be made available on the Company’s website.The prior notice of this meeting was published on April 10th  2026  on the official journal (Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires). It includes the draft agenda and draft resolutions as well as the conditions for participating and voting at the Meeting.Documents and information related to this Shareholders’ Meeting are available to shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. They are available online on the Company’s website www.nexans.com .About NexansNexans is the global pure player in sustainable electrification  building the essential systems that power the world’s transition to a connected  resilient  and low-carbon future. From offshore and onshore renewable energies to smart cities and homes  Nexans designs and delivers advanced cable solutions  accessories and services that electrify progress safely  efficiently  and sustainably. With over 140 years of history  through three core businesses: PWR Transmission  PWR Grid  and PWR Connect  Nexans blends deep industry expertise with cutting-edge innovation to accelerate the energy transition  and better meet its customers' needs. Its unique E3 model  focused on Environment  Economy and Engagement  drives every action  aligning performance with purpose. Nexans operates in 41 countries with 25 700 people and generated €6.1 billion in standard sales in 2025. Nexans is committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and expanding energy access through the Fondation Nexans.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A.www.nexans.com | #ElectrifyTheFutureContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel.: +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comMaellys Leosticmaellys.leostic @nexans.comOlivier Dabanolivier.daban @nexans.com Investor RelationsAudrey BourgeoisTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 00 43audrey.bourgeois@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'preparatory information', 'May 21st', 'Availability', 'Science Based Targets initiative', '5-7 rue Bellini', '92800 La Défense', 'Annonces Légales', 'global pure player', 'onshore renewable energies', 'advanced cable solutions', 'three core businesses', 'deep industry expertise', 'unique E3 model', 'Maellys Leostic maellys', 'Olivier Daban olivier', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'May 21st', 'April 10th', 'Campus Cyber', 'prior notice', 'official journal', 'draft agenda', 'draft resolutions', 'applicable laws', 'sustainable electrification', 'essential systems', 'low-carbon future', 'smart cities', 'PWR Transmission', 'PWR Grid', 'PWR Connect', 'cutting-edge innovation', ""customers' needs"", 'standard sales', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'energy access', 'Compartment A.', 'ElectrifyTheFuture Contacts', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'preparatory information', 'energy transition', 'Havas Paris', 'Fondation Nexans', 'Audrey Bourgeois', 'Availability', 'France', 'Company', 'website', 'Bulletin', 'Obligatoires', 'conditions', 'Documents', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'world', 'offshore', 'homes', 'accessories', 'services', 'progress', '140 years', 'history', 'Environment', 'Economy', 'Engagement', 'action', 'performance', 'purpose', '41 countries', '25,700 people', 'SBTi', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '2.30', '6']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55743,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271896/0/en/Banijay-Group-N-V-publishes-its-2025-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Banijay Group N.V. publishes its 2025 Universal Registration Document,Press Release  Paris – 10 April 2026  Banijay Group N.V. publishes its 2025 Universal Registration Document  Banijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180)...,Press ReleaseParis – 10 April 2026Banijay Group N.V. publishes its 2025 Universal Registration DocumentBanijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) today announced the publication of its 2025 Universal Registration Document  prepared in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format)  including the 2025 Annual Financial Statements and Management Report.The 2025 Universal Registration Document has been filed in English and is available in ESEF and pdf format on Banijay Group N.V.’s website at:https://group.banijay.com/universal-registration-document/Printed copies of the official version filed to the AFM in ESEF format are available at the registered office of Banijay Group N.V.: 8 rue François 1er  75008 Paris  France.AgendaQ1 2026 results: 18 May 2026General Shareholders’ Meeting: 27 May 2026Investor Relationsinvestors@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  an entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer with more than 30 years of experience in the industry. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fast-growing online sports betting platform). In 2025  Banijay Group recorded on a standalone basis revenue of €4.9bn and Adjusted EBITDA of €961m. Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Banijay Group N.V.', '2025 Universal Registration Document', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', '8 rue François 1er', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Banijay Group N.V.', 'The 2025 Universal Registration Document', '2025 Annual Financial Statements', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'standalone basis revenue', 'global entertainment leader', 'Investor Relations investors', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'The Group', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'pdf format', 'Press Relations', 'Banijay Live', 'live experiences', 'ESEF format', 'Press Release', 'Management Report', 'official version', 'registered office', 'Q1 2026 results', 'Nicolas Grange', 'content production', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'BNJ NA', 'BNJ.AS', 'Banijay Gaming', 'Paris', '10 April', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'publication', 'English', 'website', 'universal-registration', 'copies', 'AFM', 'France', 'Agenda', '18 May', '27 May', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'entrepreneur', '30 years', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Attachment']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55744,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271890/0/en/BIC-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-on-20-May-2026-Publication-of-Meeting-notice.html,BIC: Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 20 May 2026 - Publication of Meeting notice,Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 20 May 2026:Publication of Meeting notice  Clichy  France – April 10  2026 - The Shareholders of Société BIC are invited to...,Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 20 May 2026:Publication of Meeting noticeClichy  France – April 10  2026 - The Shareholders of Société BIC are invited to participate to the Combined  Ordinary and Extraordinary  General Meeting of the Shareholders that will take place on Wednesday  May 20  2026  at 9:30 a.m. at the COMET Bourse  35 Rue Saint-Marc  75002 Paris.The notice of meeting (avis de réunion valant avis de convocation) was published at the French official legal announcement publication (BALO) on Friday  April 10  2026 (n°43 - announcement 2600839) and includes the agenda  the draft text of the resolutions and the terms of participation and voting at this Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Documents and information concerning the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be made available to Shareholders as provided by applicable regulations and notably  on BIC’s website at the following link: https://us.bic.com/en_us/investors-agm-shareholders***ContactsBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comInvestor Relationsinvestors.info@bicworld.comApolline CeleyronGlobal Communications Director+33 6 13 63 44 43apolline.celeyron@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAgendaAll dates to be confirmedFirst Quarter 2026 Net Sales April 28  2026 Annual General Meeting May 20  2026 First Half 2026 Results July 29  2026 Third Quarter 2026 Net Sales October 28  2026About BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 11 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  Cristal®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitments to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com . Follow BIC on LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube and TikTok .Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Meeting notice', 'BIC', '20 May', 'Publication', 'avis de réunion valant avis de', 'French official legal announcement publication', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'Press Relations contact', 'Extraordinary, General Meeting', '2026 Annual General Meeting', 'Global Communications Director', 'First Half 2026 Results', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Société BIC', 'Isabelle de', 'First Quarter', 'global leader', 'Meeting notice', 'Combined, Ordinary', 'COMET Bourse', '35 Rue Saint-Marc', 'draft text', 'applicable regulations', 'following link', 'Net Sales', 'Third Quarter', 'everyday life', '11,000 team members', 'iconic brands', 'EZ Load™', 'EZ Reach®', 'Tangle Teezer®', 'steadfast commitments', 'full range', 'Euronext Paris', 'BIC® 4-Color™', 'BIC Kids®', 'BIC® Flex™', 'trusted products', 'Brice Paris', 'Apolline Celeyron', '75002 Paris', '20 May', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'place', 'Wednesday', 'convocation', 'BALO', 'Friday', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'terms', 'participation', 'voting', 'Documents', 'information', 'website', 'investors', 'agm-shareholders', 'Contacts', 'bicworld', 'Segonzac', 'Image', 'dates', 'October', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '80 years', 'symbol', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'presence', '160 countries', 'portfolio', 'Cristal®', 'Lucky™', 'Tipp-Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Djeep®', 'Soleil®', 'SBF120', 'sustainability', 'education', 'corporate', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'TikTok', 'Attachment', '9:30', '°']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55745,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271893/0/en/EUROBIO-SCIENTIFIC-2025-ANNUAL-RESULTS.html,EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC : 2025 ANNUAL RESULTS,2025 ANNUAL RESULTS   Annual revenue up 9% to €168 millionRoll-out of the Group’s strategy: Sales of proprietary products up 20%  accounting for 35% of...,2025 ANNUAL RESULTSAnnual revenue up 9% to €168 millionRoll-out of the Group’s strategy: Sales of proprietary products up 20%  accounting for 35% of revenue Internationalisation: 42% of revenue generated outside FranceContinued implementation of the Group’s strategic planParis  April 10  2026 – 5:45 pmEurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS  éligible PEA-PME)  )  a leading French group in in vitro medical diagnostics and life sciences  today presents its consolidated annual results for 2025  prepared under French GAAP and approved by the company's Board of Directors  which met on April 9  2026.Eurobio Scientific’s 2025 annual results reflect the Group’s ability to execute its strategic plan for the growth of proprietary products and internationalisation.in €m 2025 conso 2024 conso Change Revenue 168.3 154.2 9% R&D grants and CIR 0.7 0.7 0 Total operating income 169 154.9 9% Cost of goods sold -91.7 -82.7 11% Gross operating margin 77.3 72.2 7% Impact of disposal of stock allocated to PPA 0 -0.3 Gross margin 77.3 71.9 8% Research and development expenses -4.6 -4.6 0% Marketing and sales expenses -34.3 -29.4 17% General and administrative expenses -18.7 -16.1 16% Operating income(excl. PPA and goodwill amortization and allocation of PPA inventory) 19.7 22.1 -11% Amortization of intangible assets resulting from PPA -5.1 -4.7 9% Amortization of goodwill -3.8 -3.7 3% Operating income 10.8 13.3 - 19% Amortization of non-PPA intangible assets -7.7 -5.5 40% EBITDA excl. allocation of PPA inventory 27.4 27.7 -1% Net financial income -2.9 -5.6 - Net exceptional income - -1.4 - Taxes -2.9 -2.3 - Net income 4.9 4.0 22% Cash 20.7 23.1 Financial debt excluding finance leases -7.9 -3.6 EB Development current account -12.4 -23.4 Shareholders' equity 183.9 178.79% growth in revenue and increased sales of proprietary productsEurobio Scientific reported revenue of €168 million at the end of December 2025  compared with €154.2 million at the end of December 2024  representing an increase of 9%. On a comparable pro forma basis  i.e. excluding scope effects related to acquisitions  growth stood at +2.3%.The scope effects for 2025 are detailed as follows:€4.9 million relating to the inclusion of a share of revenue of the EndoPredict® and Prolaris® ranges acquired on August 1  2024;€0.9 million relating to the acquisition of Quimark  also a distributor of EndoPredict® and Prolaris® in Italy  on March 1  2025;€4.1 million related to the acquisition of the Life Sciences unit of Voden Medical Instruments Spa in Italy  on July 1  2025.On a comparable basis  the €3.6 million increase in turnover is mainly attributable to growth in France (+€5.2 million)  driven by certain non-recurring factors such as the Chikungunya and Dengue outbreaks in the overseas territories  as well as the extension of certain tenders in the Transplantation sector  which maintained business volumes in this segment with the One Lambda product range. Revenue from the GenDx subsidiary stood at €33.5 million  representing a 9% increase in 2025.Business at certain European subsidiaries declined following the discontinuation of certain distribution ranges.Overall  growth in proprietary products stands at 20% compared with the 2024 financial year  outperforming the Group’s total growth. Consequently  the share of proprietary products continues to rise  reaching nearly 35% of revenue in 2025 compared with around 32% in 2024.Stable results reflecting pressure on margins and difficulties faced by certain European subsidiariesThe gross margin stood at 45.5% in 2025  a slight decline of 0.8 percentage points compared with the 2024 financial year. Approximately 0.4 percentage points are attributable to the effects of the reorganisation of the Group’s operations in Germany  which led to the closure of the site dedicated to the EndoPredict® and Prolaris® ranges—whose production has been repatriated to France—as well as the closure of the sales office in Munich. The remainder is mainly due to structural pressure on prices  particularly in France  owing to reimbursement policies resulting in a gradual erosion of gross margins for players in the sector.Research and Development expenditure remained stable at €4.6 million. This represents approximately 8% of proprietary revenue. The Group is maintaining its strategy of sustained innovation in transplantation  focusing on HLA typing and post-transplant monitoring  notably with the launch of NGSengine® 4.0  the NGSgo-ProntoFLX prototype and the IVDR certification of NGSgo®-ProntoAmp. For other diagnostic product families  the Group continued to strengthen its portfolio of proprietary products and diagnostic solutions through a combination of targeted launches  regulatory advancements and strategic partnerships. In particular  the Group accelerated the development and market launch of proprietary molecular biology tests  notably by obtaining IVDR certifications for several key products (including EBX073 for dermatophytes)  enabling their transition from limited use in research to clinical use and broader access to regulated European markets.Marketing and sales expenses amounted to €34.2 million  an increase of €4.8 million  of which €3.7 million was due to changes in scope and €1.1 million (i.e. 4.8%) was linked to the significant strengthening  since the end of the 2024 financial year  of the sales and marketing teams at Group and subsidiary level to enhance the monitoring of proprietary products.General and administrative expenses amounted to €18.7 million  an increase of €2.6 million  of which €1.1 million was due to changes in scope and €1.5 million (i.e. 10%) was mainly attributable to non-recurring costs (reorganisation costs of €0.3 million; costs related to the distribution of bonus shares following the completion of the takeover bid; other expenses of €0.6 million; other non-recurring costs of €0.3 million).Thus  as at December 31  2025  EBITDA stood at €27.4 million  a level comparable to that of 2024. Excluding PPA amortisation and the allocation of the PPA inventory  operating income amounted to €19.7 million  compared with €22.1 million in 2024.The financial result is negative at €-2.9 million  mainly due to the servicing of financial debt owed to EB Development.Net profit therefore stands at €4.9 million as at December 31  2025  compared with €4 million as at December 31 2025.Free cash flow remains stable at €6 millionCash flows from operating activities amounted to €18.9 million. Cash flows from investing activities included a net outflow of €12.9 million  mainly attributable to non-organic factors. This resulted in free cash flow of €6 million.At the end of December 2025  Eurobio Scientific had cash and cash equivalents of €20.6 million  with financial debt (excluding finance leases) of €10.1 million and current accounts amounting to €12.4 million  resulting in a net cash position of -€1.9 million.Seegene Distribution AgreementEurobio Scientific reminds that it has been in partnership with the South Korean company Seegene since 2011 under a distribution agreement that generated approximately €48 million in revenue for the 2025 financial year.As stated in the Half-Yearly Financial Report as at June 30  2025  Seegene has indicated its wish to enter the French market directly from 1 January 2027.However  as provided for in our distribution agreement  Eurobio Scientific may  with Seegene’s consent  continue to fulfil its private commercial contracts entered into prior to the agreement’s expiry date for a maximum period of three years  as well as its public contracts for the duration of the tender awards. The parties are therefore continuing discussions to define the terms of this transition in accordance with the contractual provisions and the regulations in force.Continuation of strategic deploymentEurobio Scientific is continuing to implement its key strategic priorities: the development of proprietary products  international expansion and the opening up of new markets. These three priorities are designed to enable the Group to grow  increasing both its turnover and its margins.Next dateAnnual general meeting: June 18  2026About Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a major player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved in everything from research to the marketing of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology  and infectious diseases  and offers reagents for research laboratories  including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With its numerous partnerships and strong hospital presence  Eurobio Scientific has its own extensive distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products. The Group has approximately 320 employees  four production units based in the Paris region  Germany  the Netherlands  and the United States  and subsidiaries in Milan  Italy; Dorking  Great Britain; Sissach  Switzerland; Bünde  Germany; Antwerp  Belgium; and Utrecht  the Netherlands.Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholder is the holding company EB Development  acting in concert with funds managed by NextStage AM and IK Partners  as well as members of the Company's Board of Directors and senior management.For further information  visit: www.eurobio-scientific. comEurobio Scientific shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris.Euronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.Ticker symbol: ALERS - ISIN code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPContactsEurobio Scientific GroupDenis Fortier  Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerOlivier Bosc  Deputy Chief Executive Officer / CFOTel. +33 1 69 79 64 80 ACTUSMathieu CalleuxInvestor RelationsTel. +33 1 53 65 68 68eurobio-scientific@actus.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.36,0.61,True,English,"['EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC', '2025 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'One Lambda product range', 'Voden Medical Instruments Spa', 'other diagnostic product families', 'EB Development current account', 'proprietary molecular biology tests', 'comparable pro forma basis', 'vitro medical diagnostics', 'R&D grants', 'Net exceptional income', 'several key products', 'non-PPA intangible assets', 'Life Sciences unit', 'consolidated annual results', 'Total operating income', 'Net financial income', 'Gross operating margin', 'leading French group', 'comparable basis', 'Net income', 'diagnostic solutions', 'Gross margin', '2025 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'French GAAP', 'proprietary products', 'development expenses', 'Financial debt', '2024 financial year', 'Stable results', 'Development expenditure', 'Continued implementation', 'strategic plan', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'éligible PEA-PME', 'administrative expenses', 'finance leases', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'non-recurring factors', 'Dengue outbreaks', 'overseas territories', 'GenDx subsidiary', 'European subsidiaries', 'distribution ranges', 'slight decline', '0.8 percentage points', '0.4 percentage points', 'reimbursement policies', 'gradual erosion', 'sustained innovation', 'HLA typing', 'post-transplant monitoring', 'NGSgo-ProntoFLX prototype', 'IVDR certification', 'NGSgo®-ProntoAmp', 'targeted launches', 'regulatory advancements', 'strategic partnerships', 'limited use', 'clinical use', 'scope effects', 'Prolaris® ranges', 'total growth', 'Annual revenue', 'proprietary revenue', 'sales expenses', 'business volumes', 'sales office', 'structural pressure', 'market launch', 'Change Revenue', 'PPA inventory', '€3.6 million increase', 'The Group', 'Transplantation sector', 'revenue Internationalisation', 'goodwill amortization', 'margins', '9% increase', '9% growth', 'strategy', 'France', 'Paris', 'April', 'ALERS', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ability', 'CIR', 'Cost', 'goods', 'Impact', 'disposal', 'stock', 'Research', 'Marketing', 'General', 'allocation', 'EBITDA', 'Taxes', 'Cash', 'December', 'acquisitions', 'inclusion', 'EndoPredict®', 'August', 'Quimark', 'distributor', 'Italy', 'March', 'July', 'turnover', 'Chikungunya', 'extension', 'tenders', 'segment', 'discontinuation', 'Overall', 'difficulties', 'reorganisation', 'operations', 'Germany', 'closure', 'site', 'production', 'Munich', 'remainder', 'prices', 'players', 'NGSengine®', 'portfolio', 'combination', 'EBX073', 'dermatophytes', 'transition', 'broader', '5:45', '3.1']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55746,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271537/0/en/21shares-Solidifies-European-Leadership-with-Strategic-Expansion-on-Xetra.html,21shares Solidifies European Leadership with Strategic Expansion on Xetra,New listings meet surging demand for diversified and transparent crypto exposure in Germany  Zurich  April 10th  2026 – 21shares  one of the world’s...,"New listings meet surging demand for diversified and transparent crypto exposure in GermanyZurich  April 10th  2026 – 21shares  one of the world’s largest issuers of cryptocurrency exchange-traded products (ETPs)  today announced the cross-listing of nine additional products on Xetra. This expansion reinforces 21shares' commitment to the German market  where it already holds a leading position on Xetra with a 26% market share.The newly listed products on Xetra include:21shares Sui Staking ETP (Ticker: 21SI GY)(Ticker: 21SI GY) 21shares Hyperliquid ETP (Ticker: 21HY GY)(Ticker: 21HY GY) 21shares Dogecoin ETP (Ticker: DOGE GY)(Ticker: DOGE GY) 21shares Toncoin Staking ETP (Ticker: 2TON GY)(Ticker: 2TON GY) 21shares Ondo ETP (Ticker: 21ON GY)(Ticker: 21ON GY) 21shares Hedera ETP (Ticker: HDRA GY)(Ticker: HDRA GY) 21shares Jito Staked SOL ETP (Ticker: 21JS GY)(Ticker: 21JS GY) 21shares Pyth Network ETP (Ticker: PYTH GY)(Ticker: PYTH GY) 21shares Strategy Yield ETP (Ticker: 21ST GY)These new listings integrate into an elite suite of 21shares offerings already demonstrating strong performance on Xetra  where the firm generated over $4.6 billion in turnover during 2025. Notable existing listings include the 21shares Bitcoin Core ETP (CBTC SE)  which provides one of the market's most cost-efficient exposures to Bitcoin with a total expense ratio (TER) of just 0.10% per annum.""Our continued expansion on Xetra reflects the increasing demand from both retail and institutional investors in Germany for crypto exposure and income generation "" said Jasmin Muelhaupt  Director of Product Development at 21shares. ""German investors are among the most sophisticated in the world  increasingly moving beyond speculation to treat digital assets as a core strategic allocation. Our expansion on Xetra is a move to provide the institutional-grade precision and staking-integrated utility that this market demands. We are giving the most discerning investors in Europe the specialized tools they need to lead the next phase of portfolio diversification.”The momentum behind these listings is backed by record-breaking activity across the 21shares ecosystem. In 2025  the firm’s total secondary market turnover on European exchanges surged by 56% to over $11.9 billion. Furthermore  21shares demonstrated its agility in product innovation by launching 16 new ETPs in Europe throughout 2025 to capture emerging opportunities in the digital asset space.With listings across Europe that include Euronext Paris  Euronext Amsterdam  London Stock Exchange  and SIX Swiss Exchange  21shares remains the issuer with the largest and most diversified crypto ETP suite.For more information on 21shares’ full product suite  visit www.21shares.com .Notes to editorsAbout 21shares21shares is one of the world’s leading cryptocurrency exchange traded product (ETP) providers and offers one of the largest suites of crypto ETPs in the market. The company was founded to make cryptocurrency more accessible to investors  and to bridge the gap between traditional finance and decentralized finance. 21shares listed the world’s first physically-backed crypto ETP in 2018  building a seven-year track record of creating crypto ETPs that are listed on some of the biggest  most liquid securities exchanges globally. Backed by a specialized research team  proprietary technology  and deep capital markets expertise  21shares delivers innovative and cost-efficient investment solutions.21shares is a subsidiary of FalconX  one of the world's largest digital asset prime brokers. 21shares maintains independent operations from FalconX while strategically leveraging the resources and reach of FalconX to accelerate its mission and unlock new growth. For more information  please visit www.21shares.com.Contact: audrey.belloff@21shares.comDISCLAIMERThis document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG in any jurisdiction. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any offer or commitment whatsoever or for any other purpose in any jurisdiction. Nothing in this document should be considered investment advice.This document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful.This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States has approved or disapproved of an investment in the securities or passed on the accuracy or adequacy of the contents of this presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Within the United Kingdom  investments in crypto exchange-traded notes (cETNs) are classified by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as Restricted Mass Market Investments (RMMIs) and are considered high-risk and complex products. You should not invest unless you’re prepared to lose all the money invested. cETNs are highly volatile  and you are unlikely to be protected if something goes wrong. These products are not covered by the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) or the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS). This is not a recommendation to invest. Any investment decision should be based solely on the official offering documents of the Issuers (such as the approved base prospectus and final terms)  published in accordance with applicable law.Exclusively for potential investors in any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21shares.com .The approval of the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and not a prospectus. The 2026 Base Prospectus of 21Shares AG has been deposited pursuant to article 54(2) FinSA with BX Swiss AG in its function as Swiss prospectus review body within the meaning of article 52 FinSA. The 2026 Base Prospectus and the key information document for any products may be obtained at 21Shares AG's website (https://21shares.com/ir/prospectus or https://21shares.com/ir/kids ).###",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['European Leadership', 'Strategic Expansion', '21shares', 'Xetra', 'biggest, most liquid securities exchanges', 'largest digital asset prime brokers', 'leading cryptocurrency exchange traded product', 'deep capital markets expertise', 'Jito Staked SOL ETP', '21shares Strategy Yield ETP', '21shares’ full product suite', '21shares Toncoin Staking ETP', 'total secondary market turnover', '21shares Pyth Network ETP', 'diversified crypto ETP suite', '21shares Bitcoin Core ETP', 'digital asset space', 'London Stock Exchange', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'United States Securities Act', 'Sui Staking ETP', 'total expense ratio', 'core strategic allocation', 'seven-year track record', 'specialized research team', 'cryptocurrency exchange-traded products', 'nine additional products', 'transparent crypto exposure', 'cost-efficient investment solutions', 'Notable existing listings', 'leading position', 'European exchanges', 'elite suite', 'digital assets', 'Product Development', 'product innovation', 'Hyperliquid ETP', 'Dogecoin ETP', 'Ondo ETP', 'Hedera ETP', 'ETP) providers', 'PYTH GY', 'largest issuers', 'cost-efficient exposures', 'specialized tools', 'largest suites', 'investment advice', 'crypto ETPs', 'US Securities', 'surging demand', '21SI GY', '21HY GY', 'DOGE GY', '2TON GY', '21ON GY', 'HDRA GY', '21JS GY', '21ST GY', 'strong performance', 'CBTC SE', 'increasing demand', 'income generation', 'Jasmin Muelhaupt', 'institutional-grade precision', 'staking-integrated utility', 'next phase', 'portfolio diversification', 'record-breaking activity', 'emerging opportunities', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'traditional finance', 'decentralized finance', 'proprietary technology', 'independent operations', 'new growth', 'other purpose', 'applicable exemption', 'public offering', 'German market', '26% market share', 'New listings', 'institutional investors', 'German investors', 'discerning investors', '16 new ETPs', '21shares offerings', '21shares ecosystem', '21Shares AG', 'registration requirements', 'continued expansion', 'other jurisdiction', ""21shares' commitment"", 'Germany', 'Zurich', 'April', 'world', 'cross-listing', 'Xetra', 'Ticker', 'firm', 'annum', 'retail', 'Director', 'speculation', 'move', 'momentum', 'agility', 'information', 'Notes', 'editors', 'company', 'gap', 'innovative', 'subsidiary', 'FalconX', 'resources', 'reach', 'mission', 'Contact', 'audrey', 'belloff', 'DISCLAIMER', 'document', 'solicitation', 'basis', 'connection', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'release', 'sale', 'materials', 'transaction']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55747,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/10/3271522/0/en/Publication-of-2025-Annual-Report.html,Publication of 2025 Annual Report,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or the “Company” or the “Group”)  10 April 2026  Publication of 2025 Annual Report  Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR ...,"Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or the “Company” or the “Group”)10 April 2026Publication of 2025 Annual ReportKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces the publication and filing of its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2025.Statement from Tom Hickey  Managing Director:“2025 represents the second year that Kenmare is reporting in accordance with the Irish transposition of the European Commission’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Although proposed changes to CSRD suggest that we may not be required to do so from year-end 2026  Kenmare will always be committed to delivering best-in-class sustainability performance  regardless of how we are obliged to report on it.While we announced our operational and financial highlights for the year in our Preliminary Results in March  some of our sustainability highlights include delivering a 30% improvement on our three-year rolling average Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate and planting over 200 000 tree saplings as part of our progressive land rehabilitation programme. The Kenmare Moma Development Association also progressed construction of a district hospital to serve the communities living close to Moma  with phase one over 80% complete by year-end  and built three new water supply systems for local villages. Driven by our purpose of  ‘Transforming resources into opportunity for all’  we remain committed to generating value for all our stakeholders over the long-term.”Accessing Kenmare’s 2025 Annual ReportThe 2025 Annual Report (in ESEF-compliant and PDF formats) is available on the Company's website and can be downloaded here. It has also been submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at the following locations:https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingandhttps://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismThe 2025 Annual Report is also available to view directly by clicking on the link at the end of this announcement.Paper copies are expected to be posted on 13 April 2026 to shareholders who have requested to receive them.Sustainability reportingKenmare’s 2025 Annual Report complies with the Irish legislation implementing the European Commission’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”). It reports the Company’s performance during the year against its 2025 sustainability targets and sets new targets for 2026 and medium-term targets to 2030. It also considers the Company’s long-term risks and opportunities and associated goals  such as its Net Zero ambition.The 2025 Annual Report outlines the strategy  policies  and management approach of Kenmare's longstanding and on-going commitment to sustainability. These efforts are underpinned by the corporate values of Integrity  Commitment  Accountability  Respect and Excellence (ICARE) and Kenmare’s corporate purpose of  ‘Transforming resources into opportunity for all’.The Company will also publish a Sustainability Factbook by the end of April 2026. This is a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet containing key sustainability figures  which allows investors to compare Kenmare’s performance more easily to that of other companies. The Sustainability Factbook will be available on the Company’s website at https://www.kenmareresources.com/sustainability2025 CSRD and other sustainability highlights30% improvement on three-year rolling average Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate per 200 000 hours worked to 0.07 (three-year rolling average: 0.1) and lowest ever All Injury Frequency Rate for the second consecutive year of 0.75 (2024: 0.93)Kenmare employed 1 684 people at its Moma Mine at year-end and Mozambican representation in the Mine workforce remained constant at 97%$4.0 million was invested into community initiatives through the Kenmare Moma Development Association (2024: $3.0 million)  including progressing the construction of phase one of a district hospital  which was over 80% complete by year-end  and building new water supply systems in three villagesOver 90% of Kenmare’s electricity requirement continues to come from renewable sources (hydropower)Over 200 000 tree saplings were planted as part of Kenmare’s progressive land rehabilitation programmeHigh water re-use rate of 90% was maintainedMore than 60% of waste recycled in 2025  prolonging the life of Moma’s landfill site for years to come$34.1 million of payments  including taxes and royalties  were made to the Government of Mozambique (2023: $34.8 million)Kenmare was named as the Most Transparent Extractive Company for the fifth consecutive year by Mozambique’s Centre for Public IntegrityKenmare entered the FTSE4Good index in June 2025Previously announced 2025 financial and operational highlightsFinancialMineral product revenue of $312.1 million  down 20% YoY due to a 13% decrease in shipments and a 6% decrease in the average price received for Kenmare’s products to $338 per tonne (excluding the by-product ZrTi)Impairment charge of $301.3 million  inclusive of the $100.3 million impairment charge recognised in H1 2025  primarily due to lower future revenue projections associated with an uncertain pricing outlook and updated assumptions relating to the potential renewal terms relating to Moma’s Implementation Agreement (“IA”)2025 final dividend suspended in light of elevated net debt and weak market conditions – the Board is committed to resuming dividends as soon as it is prudent to do so and financing facilities permitAdjusted EBITDA (excluding the impairment loss) of $58.0 million  a 63% decrease YoY primarily due to lower sales volumes  representing an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19%Adjusted loss after tax of $23.7 million  compared to profit after tax of $64.9 million in 2024Total cash operating costs of $242.7 million  down 0.4% YoY  due primarily to a 10% decrease in production of finished products – various cost reduction initiatives were implemented in H2 2025 and are expected to benefit 2026 operating costsCash operating costs per tonne of $242  up 11% YoY  due to lower production volumesNet debt of $158.8 million at 31 December 2025 compared to $25.0 million at year-end 2024  with the increase due primarily to peak capital expenditure during the year of approximately $156 million on the Wet Concentrator Plant (“WCP”) A upgrade projectKenmare is in discussions with its Lender group regarding adjustments to its Revolving Credit Facility (“RCF”)  including amendments to covenant levels  in light of the prevailing weak market conditionsSignificantly reduced capital expenditure expected in 2026  with approximately $30 million of development capital on the WCP A upgrade project and $30 million of sustaining capital – discretionary sustaining capital items being deferred where safe and practicable to do soOperational and corporateHeavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production of 1 233 300 tonnes in 2025  down 15% YoY  due primarily to lower excavated ore volumes relating to the WCP A upgrade workIlmenite production of 842 300 tonnes in 2025  down 17% YoY  due to lower volumes of HMC processedShipments of finished products of 947 900 tonnes in 2025  down 13% YoY – two shipments were partially loaded at year-end  meaning they will be reflected in H1 2026 shipping volumesAll major construction and installation work associated with the upgrade of WCP A completedDemand for Kenmare’s products was stable in 2025  although prices declined throughout the year due to market oversupplyTotal shipments are expected to be in excess of 1.1 million tonnes in 2026 – Kenmare plans a significant draw down of its finished product stockpiles by adjusting productionIn line with this approach  Kenmare expects ilmenite production in 2026 to be in excess of 800 000 tonnes  as previously announcedOngoing engagement with the Government of Mozambique regarding the extension of Moma’s IA  which governs the fiscal terms of Moma’s processing and export activities  including two Presidential meetings in June and November 2025 – Kenmare continues to work for a near-term resolutionFor further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcKatharine Sutton / David WeeksInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 663 0875 / +353 87 708 2525Murray (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of titanium minerals. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 6% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of life items such as paints  plastics  and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.25,0.47,True,English,"['2025 Annual Report', 'Publication', 'three-year rolling average Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate', 'All Injury Frequency Rate', 'three new water supply systems', 'High water re-use rate', 'The Kenmare Moma Development Association', 'progressive land rehabilitation programme', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'leading global producers', 'Net Zero ambition', 'Microsoft Excel spreadsheet', 'Mineral product revenue', 'key sustainability figures', 'The Sustainability Factbook', 'The 2025 Annual Report', 'fifth consecutive year', 'other sustainability highlights', 'Transparent Extractive Company', 'second consecutive year', 'average price', 'class sustainability performance', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'operational highlights Financial', 'new targets', 'three villages', 'corporate values', 'Moma Mine', 'The Company', 'financial highlights', '2025 sustainability targets', 'corporate purpose', 'other companies', 'second year', 'Mine workforce', 'Tom Hickey', 'Managing Director', 'Irish transposition', 'European Commission', 'Preliminary Results', '200,000 tree saplings', 'district hospital', 'local villages', 'PDF formats', 'following locations', 'Paper copies', 'Irish legislation', 'medium-term targets', 'term risks', 'associated goals', 'management approach', 'Mozambican representation', 'community initiatives', 'electricity requirement', 'renewable sources', 'landfill site', 'FTSE4Good index', 'LSE:KMR', 'Euronext Dublin', 'going commitment', 'Public Integrity', 'northern Mozambique', '2025 financial', 'Group', '10 April', 'Publication', 'ISE', 'zircon', 'filing', 'Statement', 'accordance', 'CSRD', 'changes', 'year-end', 'March', '30% improvement', 'part', 'construction', 'communities', 'phase', 'opportunity', 'stakeholders', 'long-term', 'ESEF-compliant', 'website', 'inspection', 'fca', 'org', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'link', 'announcement', '13 April', 'shareholders', 'opportunities', 'strategy', 'policies', 'longstanding', 'efforts', 'Accountability', 'Respect', 'Excellence', 'ICARE', 'investors', 'kenmareresources', '200,000 hours', '1,684 people', 'hydropower', 'Over', 'More', 'waste', 'life', 'years', 'payments', 'taxes', 'royalties', 'Centre', 'June', '13% decrease', 'shipments', '6% decrease', '2026']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,globenewswire.com
55748,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2026/04/10/shares-end-the-week-on-the-up/,Shares end the week on the up,Traders shake off Iran worries for now,US president Donald Trump is reportedly preparing the military if peace talks fail. Photograph: Kenny Holston/The New York TimesStocks moved higher on Friday  fuelled by cautious optimism ahead of US-Iran weekend talks that outweighed worries about a fragile ceasefire.But oil prices still edged higher as the Strait of Hormuz remained largely closed to shipping and concerns persisted over supplies from Saudi Arabia.DublinThe upbeat attitude seeped into the Irish market on Friday. The Euronext Dublin rose over the day  gaining 0.8 per cent on the final trading day of the week to end at 12 757.Banking shares bounced back  with AIB and Permanent TSB both gaining 1 per cent and Bank of Ireland up 0.2 per cent. Insurer FBD gained 2.1 per cent.Index heavyweights Kerry Group and Glanbia both recorded gains  adding 2 per cent and 0.35 per cent respectively.Insulation specialist Kingspan saw its stock climb more than 2 per cent to end the week up 6 per cent.Home builders Glenveagh and Cairn both added 1 per cent by the end of the session  while Ryanair gained 0.7 per cent  notching up a near 7 per cent gain for the week.LondonThe ​blue-chip FTSE 100 index ended flat at 10 600.5 points on the day  clocking its third straight weekly gain. The midcap FTSE 250 climbed 0.7 per cent  recording its second consecutive week of gains.AO World gained 7 per cent after the British electronics retailer said it expected annual profit at the top end of its forecast range  after gaining market share across all key categories ‌in its consumer-focused ⁠business.B&M’s shares fell 4.6 per cent as interim CFO Helen Cowing left the British discount retailer after less than five months in the job  the ‌company said.Defence contractor BAE Systems shed 3.3 per cent  while airline Wizz Air surged 7.2 per cent after ​a Bloomberg report said Ukraine’s top negotiator with Russia saw ​progress towards a potential peace deal with Russia.EuropeEuropean equities edged higher on Friday  notching up a third ‌straight week of gains.The pan-European index Stoxx 600 ended 0.4 per cent higher at 614.84 points. The index is up 3 per cent for the week.Most bourses also gained  with France’s ​CAC 40 and Spain’s IBEX 35 adding 0.2 per cent and 0.6 per cent  respectively.European shares logged their strongest ​one-day rise in more than four years on Wednesday on news of a US-Iran ⁠ceasefire  helping the Stoxx 600 claw back some of the losses incurred since hostilities began on February ​28th.Investors will closely monitor the talks  especially efforts to reopen the Strait of Hormuz  a vital waterway ​for global energy supplies. Europe’s airport industry has warned that the Continent could face a systemic jet fuel shortage within three ‌weeks ⁠if it remains closed.Stoxx 600 companies are expected to report growth of 4.2 per cent in first-quarter earnings  according to LSEG data  slightly higher than the 4 per cent rise estimated last week.Meanwhile  the aerospace and defence index fell 2.2 per cent.Germany’s Rheinmetall and Hensoldt and Italy’s ​Leonardo fell more than 5 per cent ​and CSG was off ⁠by 8 per cent.Construction stocks gained with Buzzi  Holcim and Heidelberg Materials up between 3 per cent and 5.6 per cent. Financials and tech shares boosted the index  with gains of 1.3 per cent ​each.New YorkWall Street traders bracing for talks between the US and Iran left stocks wavering as oil climbed  with the negotiations set to dictate the path ahead for a fragile ceasefire.An advance in equities faded as the New York Post reported President Donald Trump is preparing the military if peace talks in Pakistan this weekend fail. US crude climbed to around $99.Trump has warned Iran that it “better stop” any effort to charge fees on ships transiting the Strait of Hormuz  after agreeing to open the critical waterway as part of a ceasefire agreement earlier this week.On Wall Street  the S&P 500 was little changed as of 12.12pm New York time  the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 0.5 per cent and the Nasdaq 100 rose 0.2 per cent. – Additional reporting – Reuters  Bloomberg,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.22,0.67,True,English,"['Shares', 'week', 'up', 'interim CFO Helen Cowing', 'systemic jet fuel shortage', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'third straight weekly gain', 'The New York Times', 'near 7 per cent gain', 'US president Donald Trump', 'British electronics retailer', 'British discount retailer', 'airline Wizz Air', 'strongest \u200bone-day rise', 'New York Post', 'third \u200cstraight week', 'The Euronext Dublin', 'potential peace deal', 'global energy supplies', 'Wall Street traders', 'final trading day', 'second consecutive week', '\u200bblue-chip FTSE 100 index', '4 per cent rise', 'US-Iran weekend talks', 'pan-European index Stoxx', 'midcap FTSE 250', 'US-Iran \u2060ceasefire', '0.8 per cent', '1 per cent', '2 per cent', '0.35 per cent', '0.7 per cent', '0.6 per cent', '3 per cent', '5.6 per cent', 'US crude', 'peace talks', 'Kenny Holston', 'cautious optimism', 'fragile ceasefire', 'Saudi Arabia', 'upbeat attitude', 'Irish market', 'Permanent TSB', 'Insurer FBD', 'Index heavyweights', 'Kerry Group', 'Insulation specialist', 'Home builders', 'AO World', 'annual profit', 'forecast range', 'market share', 'key categories', 'consumer-focused \u2060business', 'B&M', 'five months', 'Defence contractor', 'BAE Systems', 'top negotiator', 'Most bourses', 'four years', 'February \u200b28th', 'vital waterway', 'airport industry', 'three \u200cweeks', 'Stoxx 600 companies', 'first-quarter earnings', 'LSEG data', 'defence index', 'Heidelberg Materials', 'critical waterway', 'ceasefire agreement', 'S&P 500', 'Additional reporting', 'Banking shares', 'European shares', 'tech shares', 'oil prices', 'top end', 'Bloomberg report', 'European equities', 'Construction stocks', 'military', 'Photograph', 'Friday', 'worries', 'Strait', 'Hormuz', 'shipping', 'concerns', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'Glanbia', 'gains', 'Kingspan', 'Glenveagh', 'Cairn', 'session', 'Ryanair', 'London', '10,600.5 points', 'less', 'job', '\u200ccompany', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', '\u200bprogress', '614.84 points', 'France', '\u200bCAC', 'Spain', 'IBEX', 'Wednesday', 'news', 'losses', 'hostilities', 'Investors', 'efforts', 'Continent', 'growth', 'aerospace', 'Germany', 'Rheinmetall', 'Hensoldt', 'Italy', '\u200bLeonardo', 'CSG', 'Buzzi', 'Holcim', 'Financials', 'negotiations', 'path', 'advance', 'Pakistan', 'fees', 'ships', 'part', '12.12pm', 'Nasdaq', 'Reuters']",2026-04-10,2026-04-11,irishtimes.com
