UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
22629,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,nan,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors', 'New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors']",2023-04-12,2023-04-18,Unknown
22741,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,A new post in ’That Was The Week'The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads ... - Financial… https://t.co/40dXGMmCkW,nan,A new post in ’That Was The Week'The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads ... - Financial… https://t.co/40dXGMmCkW,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,True,English,"['The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group Leads', 'new post', 'Week', 'The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group Leads', 'new post', 'Week']",2023-04-13,2023-04-18,Unknown
22742,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"Deutsche Börse leads €8 million investment in #LHoFT member Next Gate Tech""The new funding will enable Next Gate… https://t.co/48cZAyt177",nan,"Deutsche Börse leads €8 million investment in #LHoFT member Next Gate Tech""The new funding will enable Next Gate… https://t.co/48cZAyt177",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Next Gate Tech', '€8 million investment', 'new funding', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Next Gate Tech', '€8 million investment', 'new funding']",2023-04-13,2023-04-18,Unknown
22743,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads €8 Million Investment ...: ... between Kneip and N… https://t.co/XB6caBoxbW,nan,The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads €8 Million Investment ...: ... between Kneip and N… https://t.co/XB6caBoxbW,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group', '€8 Million Investment', 'Kneip', 'XB6caBoxbW', 'The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group', '€8 Million Investment', 'Kneip', 'XB6caBoxbW']",2023-04-13,2023-04-18,Unknown
22842,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A Discover exec's mission to bring consumer tech to business #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HasLz7RJQj #regtech,nan,A Discover exec's mission to bring consumer tech to business #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HasLz7RJQj #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['A Discover exec', 'consumer tech', 'mission', 'business', 'HasLz7RJQj', 'A Discover exec', 'consumer tech', 'mission', 'business', 'HasLz7RJQj']",2023-04-14,2023-04-18,Unknown
22843,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,If we had 'SLEMAC' supervisors  they might have saved Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Lpg8j8em7H #regtech,nan,If we had 'SLEMAC' supervisors  they might have saved Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Lpg8j8em7H #regtech,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', ""SLEMAC' supervisors"", 'Fintech', 'Silicon Valley Bank', ""SLEMAC' supervisors"", 'Fintech']",2023-04-14,2023-04-18,Unknown
22844,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today LCH  tomorrow Euroclear: Stock Exchange Group Unit to Clear Bitcoin Index Futures  Options https://t.co/Ku718gcTcG,nan,Today LCH  tomorrow Euroclear: Stock Exchange Group Unit to Clear Bitcoin Index Futures  Options https://t.co/Ku718gcTcG,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Stock Exchange Group Unit', 'Bitcoin Index Futures', 'LCH', 'Options', 'Stock Exchange Group Unit', 'Bitcoin Index Futures', 'LCH', 'Options']",2023-04-14,2023-04-18,Unknown
22845,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,CEOs at some of the biggest U.S. banks took pay cuts in 2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YL0czgHZo3 #regtech,nan,CEOs at some of the biggest U.S. banks took pay cuts in 2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YL0czgHZo3 #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['biggest U.S. banks', 'pay cuts', 'CEOs', 'biggest U.S. banks', 'pay cuts', 'CEOs']",2023-04-14,2023-04-18,Unknown
22946,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banking news roundup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NxbAQSYDPz #regtech,nan,Banking news roundup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NxbAQSYDPz #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Banking news roundup', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'NxbAQSYDPz', 'Banking news roundup', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'NxbAQSYDPz']",2023-04-14,2023-04-18,Unknown
23043,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,SAS AB And FINATIS On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Monday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/OsRNhY97Pp(VIANEWS)… https://t.co/GLEW17cY7U,nan,SAS AB And FINATIS On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Monday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/OsRNhY97Pp(VIANEWS)… https://t.co/GLEW17cY7U,neutral,0.09,0.86,0.05,neutral,0.09,0.86,0.05,True,English,"['SAS AB', 'Euronext Session', 'FINATIS', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Monday', 'OsRNhY97Pp', 'VIANEWS', 'GLEW17cY7U', 'SAS AB', 'Euronext Session', 'FINATIS', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Monday', 'OsRNhY97Pp', 'VIANEWS', 'GLEW17cY7U']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23044,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Italian Design Brands to list on Euronext Milan https://t.co/FvyD0k3Egf https://t.co/NP8hewV74N,nan,Italian Design Brands to list on Euronext Milan https://t.co/FvyD0k3Egf https://t.co/NP8hewV74N,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', 'Euronext Milan', 'FvyD0k3Egf', 'Italian Design Brands', 'Euronext Milan', 'FvyD0k3Egf']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23045,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Italian Design Brands to list on Euronext Milan https://t.co/ccebiKCTka https://t.co/lf3Wpg2GoK,nan,Italian Design Brands to list on Euronext Milan https://t.co/ccebiKCTka https://t.co/lf3Wpg2GoK,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', 'Euronext Milan', 'lf3Wpg2GoK', 'Italian Design Brands', 'Euronext Milan', 'lf3Wpg2GoK']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23046,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Dublin escaped the worst of it  outperforming international peers as it finished the day up 0.5 per cent… https://t.co/pDUmVPuYRf,nan,Euronext Dublin escaped the worst of it  outperforming international peers as it finished the day up 0.5 per cent… https://t.co/pDUmVPuYRf,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'day', '0.5', 'Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'day', '0.5']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23047,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#ASML -3.8% in #Euronext Amsterdam. According to the local Taiwanese press (Digitimes)  one of its greatest custome… https://t.co/51H66JvQwn,nan,#ASML -3.8% in #Euronext Amsterdam. According to the local Taiwanese press (Digitimes)  one of its greatest custome… https://t.co/51H66JvQwn,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['local Taiwanese press', 'greatest custome', 'Digitimes', 'local Taiwanese press', 'greatest custome', 'Digitimes']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23053,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-CONVENING-NOTICE-FOR-THE-ORDINARY-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-Form-6-K-43523661/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING   The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the ordinary shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10:30…,"Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING - Form 6-K 04/17/2023 | 12:18pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the ordinary shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10:30 a.m. Belgian time  to deliberate on the agenda mentioned below containing proposed decisions. The ordinary shareholders' meeting shall validly deliberate and decide on Wednesday 17 May 2023  irrespective of the portion of the capital present or represented by the shareholders at the meeting. Agenda of the ordinary general meeting 1 Report of the Supervisory Board and of the statutory auditor for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022 2 Acknowledgment and approval of the remuneration report Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting decides to approve the remuneration report."" 3 Approval of the annual accounts of the company for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The annual accounts for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022  prepared by the supervisory board  are approved."" 1 4 Allocation of the result for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The result to be allocated for the financial year 2022 amounts to USD 158.782.809 22. Together with the loss of USD-62.836.877 75 from the previous financial year  this results in a profit balance to be appropriated of USD 95.945.931 47. A full year gross dividend in the amount of USD 0.081 per share shall be distributed to all shareholders  consisting of an interim dividend of USD 0.03 per share already paid related to Q4 2022  and a final dividend of USD 0.051 per share  to be paid after the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting on 13 June 2023. The allocation of profits will be as follows: Capital and reserves (-) USD 1 080 060.14 Dividends USD 16 344 466.1 Carried forward USD 80 681 525.51"" 5 Shareholder distribution of 1.049 USD per share out of the available share premium for Q4 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting resolves to approve a shareholders distribution for Q4 2022 out of the available share premium of 1.049 USD per share  which shall be paid to the shareholders on 13 June 2023. For the avoidance of doubt  treasury shares shall not be entitled to such shareholders distribution."" 6 Discharge (release of liability) granted to the members of the supervisory board and to the statutory auditor  by means of separate voting  for the execution of their mandate in the course of the financial year 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""Discharge is granted to the members of the supervisory board of the company: Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen  Ms. Anita Odedra and Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato  Messrs. Carl Steen  Steven Smith and Carl Trowell  all members of the supervisory board  for any liability arising from the execution of their mandate in the course of the financial year under revision. Discharge is granted to the auditor of the company: KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren represented by Mr. Herwig Carmans (partner)  for any liability arising from the execution of her mandate in the course of the financial year under revision."" 2 7 End of term of office and appointment of members of the supervisory board Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting resolves to appoint Mrs. Julie De Nul as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2025. Mrs. Julie De Nul holds a Master's degree in law from the University of Ghent. She is CEO of Jan De Nul Dredging NV since 2020 and has been a member of the board of directors of Jan De Nul NV since 2010. From 2007 to 2010  she was Legal Counsel at Office Belgium. She is currently also a member of the board of directors of VCB (the Flemish Construction Confederation)  VOKA (the Flanders' Chamber of Commerce and Industry) and Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent. It appears from the information provided by Mrs. Julie De Nul that the applicable legal requirements with respect to independence under Belgian law are satisfied. The general meeting acknowledges the determination of the supervisory board that Mrs. Julie De Nul can be considered independent under SEC and NYSE rules. The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2025. Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge is the owner and CEO in Nes Invest AS and holds positions as board member in HitecVision AS  Hav Energy AS  OMP Capital AS and Ulstein Group ASA. Mr. Bjørge has previously served 13 years as CEO of Pareto Securities. Prior to that  Mr. Bjørge had 12 years' fixed income investment experience from various positions at Pareto Securities and DNB  which latest was Head of Fixed Income at Pareto Securities. Mr. Bjørge holds a MSc from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). It appears from the information provided by Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge that the applicable legal requirements with respect to independence under Belgian law are satisfied. The general meeting acknowledges the determination of the supervisory board that Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge can be considered independent under SEC and NYSE rules. The general meeting acknowledges the expiry of the term of office of Mrs. Anita Odedra today  with effect immediately after the general shareholders' meeting. The general meeting acknowledges the expiry of the term of office of Mr. Carl Trowell today  with effect immediately after the general shareholders' meeting."" 8 Remuneration of the members of the supervisory board Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""For the execution of his/her mandate  every member of the supervisory board receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 60 000. The chairman receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 160 000. Each member of the supervisory board  including the chairman  shall receive an attendance fee of EUR 10 000 for each board meeting attended. The aggregate annual account amount of the attendance fee shall not exceed EUR 40 000. 3 Every member of the audit and risk committee receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 20 000. The chairman of the audit and risk committee receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 40 000. Each member of the audit and risk committee  including the chairman  shall receive an attendance fee of EUR 5 000 for each committee meeting attended. The aggregate annual account amount of the attendance fee shall not exceed EUR 20 000. Every member of the remuneration committee  the corporate governance and nomination committee and the sustainability committee (who is also a member of the supervisory board) receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 5 000. The chairman of each of these committees receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 7 500. Each member of these committees  including the chairman  shall receive an attendance fee of EUR 5 000 for each committee meeting attended. The aggregate annual account amount of the attendance fee shall not exceed EUR 20 000."" 9 Remuneration of the statutory auditor Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""For the financial year ending 31 December 2023  the total amount of the remuneration for the statutory auditor is fixed at EUR 975 000 for the audit of the statutory and consolidated accounts  which includes the audit on financial reporting."" 10 Resignation and appointment of the statutory auditor Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting acknowledges and accepts the resignation of the statutory auditor KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren  based on the legal limitation of the number of years during which the same auditor can act pursuant to the EU Regulation No. 537/2014. The general meeting resolves to appoint as statutory auditor  on proposal of the audit and risk committee  BDO Bedrijfsrevisoren  a private limited liability company under Belgian Law  with registered office at Da Vincilaan 9  box E.6  1930 Zaventem  Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank For Enterprises under number 0431.088.289 represented by Mrs. Veerle Catry  as statutory auditor of the Company for a term of three years until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026."" 11 Approvals of change of control clauses in credit agreements in accordance with Article 7:151 of the Code of Companies and Associations 4 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting approves and  to the extent necessary  ratifies in accordance with Article 7:151 of the Code of Companies and Associations  all provisions of the following credit agreement which provides for a mandatory prepayment and/or cancellation in case of a change of control over the company: a loan agreement dated 6 December 2022 between (i) Euronav NV as borrower  (ii) the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 therein as lenders  (iii) the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 2 therein as swap banks  (iv) the Mandated Lead Arrangers as defined therein  (v) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Bookrunner  (vi) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Coordinator  (vii) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Sustainability Agent  (viii) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Agent and (ix) the Security Trustee as security trustee of up to  initially  $377 000 000 (which may be increased to up to $447 000 000) comprising a revolving credit facility of up to $307 000 000 and a newbuild term loan facility of up to $70 000 000 and an upsize term loan facility of  initially  $0 (which may be increased to up to $70 000 000). 12 Proxy Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise court  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations Proposed decision: ""The general meeting decides to grant authority to Mrs. Sofie Lemlijn  Ms. Maxime Van der Weehe and Ms. Shirley Odé to act alone with power to substitute  to fulfil all necessary formalities with the Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise courts  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations with respect to the decisions taken at the present meeting."" 13 Miscellaneous • • • 5 CONDITIONS OF ADMISSION I. Admission requirements In accordance with article 32 of the articles of association and article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  the shareholders have to fulfil the following requirements in order to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting and to exercise their right to vote at the meeting in person or by proxy (card). The Company is working with Lumi Connect ( https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events ) to assist shareholders with the registration to (i) participate in the shareholders meeting  (ii) vote before the shareholders meeting or (iii) grant a power of attorney to another person to vote in the shareholders meeting. We advise all shareholders to use this efficient platform. All shareholders attending the shareholders' meeting in person are kindly requested to arrive in advance of the meeting  taking into account that they shall have to register before being allowed to enter the shareholders meeting. Registration will open at 9 a.m. and will be closed 10 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. The company's ordinary shares are comprised of (a) shares that are tradable on Euronext Brussels and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register which is kept in its registered office (the ""Belgian Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" European Shares "")  and (b) shares that are tradable on the New York Stock Exchange and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register maintained in the United States by the company's U.S. transfer agent  which is Computershare (the ""U.S. Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" U.S. Shares ""). 1. Record Date Shareholders have the right to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting provided they have their shares recorded in their name (i.e. can prove they own these shares) on Wednesday 3 May 2023 at 24:00 hours Belgian time (the ""Record Date""). In view of the Record Date set for the company's shareholders' meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023  shareholders may not reposition shares between the Belgian Share Register and the U.S. Share Register during the period from 2 May 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) until 4 May 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) (the ""Freeze Period""). Please consult the company's website for the applicable Freeze Periods. (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) The holders of registered European Shares may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if their shares are registered in the company's Belgian Share Register on the Record Date. 6 (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to use the Lumi Connect Platform and registers for the shareholders meeting of the Company on h ttps://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   the below mentioned procedure should not be followed and Lumi Connect shall determine the shareholding on the Record Date. If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to not use the Lumi Connect Platform  the following procedure should be followed: The holders of dematerialised European Shares should request their financial institution to issue a certificate stating the number of dematerialized shares registered in the name of the shareholder in its books on the Record Date and to send it directly to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) at the latest by Thursday 11 May 2023  5.00 pm (Belgian time) (the ""Notification Deadline""). The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date on the basis of the certificate provided by the relevant financial institution to Euroclear Belgium. (c) Holders of U.S. Shares  reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is reflected in the U.S. Share Register on the Record Date. The company's U.S. transfer agent will provide the company directly or indirectly with a shareholder list at the Record Date that contains all of the registered holders of the company's U.S. Shares on the Record Date no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is included in the information provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary of such shareholders no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". 7 2. Attending the meeting in person. A. European Shares All shareholders  holding European Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below no later than the Notification Deadline: • electronically on the Lumi Connect platform via the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events (in case of dematerialized European Shares  whether or not through the intervention of a financial intermediary acting on instruction of the shareholder); • by e-mail to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below; • by post addressed to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below. In addition  proof of identification may be asked when entering the meeting room. If a shareholder  which holds European Shares  decides to not register electronically via the Lumi Connect Platform and decides to notify the Company via e-mail or post  the following procedures should be followed: (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) Owners of registered European Shares wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete the attendance form included as part of their individual notice and notify the company thereof by the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form  which is available on the company's website  together with a proof of registration that is provided by such holder's financial institution. B. U.S. Shares All shareholders  holding US Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below and in Section III (Notifications) no later than the Notification Deadline. (a) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares registered directly in the U.S. Share Register wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form included as part of their individual notice. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. (b) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) 8 Holders of U.S. Shares registered indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form available on the company's website together with an account statement or letter from a broker  bank or other nominee indicating that such holder was the owner of the shares on the Record Date. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. HOLDERS OF U.S. SHARES: IF YOU DECIDED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE MEETING THROUGH A PROXY (CARD)  PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED THEREWITH. IF YOU ATTEND THE MEETING  YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY (CARD) UNTIL THE NOTIFICATION DEADLINE AND VOTE IN PERSON. 3. Powers of attorney - U.S. proxy card Each shareholder may appoint a special proxy to represent him or her at the shareholders' meeting or issue their votes through a U.S. proxy card  as the case may be. In the first case  the original proxy for this purpose must be submitted to the company. (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) Holders of registered European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link h ttps://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form included as part of their individual notice and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) no later than the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form available on the company's website and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium no later than the Notification Deadline  attn. Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan 1  1210 Brussel (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). (c) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) 9 Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. All shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website  in the Meeting Materials and with the U.S. proxy card in order to be validly represented at the shareholders' meeting. No other forms will be accepted  nor will proxy forms completed without complying with the instructions. 4. Voting by letter by holders of European Shares (both registered and dematerialized shares) Holders of registered or dematerialized European Shares who want to vote upfront prior to the meetings by letter  must complete: • the advance electronic vote that can be cast on the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the designated form for voting by letter available on the company's website  of which a completed signed original form should be provided at the latest on the Notification Deadline to Euroclear Belgium  for the attention of Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan  1  1210 Brussels (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). Moreover holders of dematerialized European Shares who want to vote by letter  have to comply with the conditions to participate to the meetings  as described above in ""1. Record date - (b) Holders of European Shares (dematerialized shares""). II. Shareholders' rights The company will distribute the convening notice and agenda  attendance form  attendance guidelines and proxy form (the ""Meeting Materials"") to (i) holders of European Shares (registered shares) and holders of U.S. Shares directly reflected in the U.S. Share Register through an individual mailing by the company no later than 17 April 2023; and (ii) holders of European Shares (dematerialised shares) through the website and the press no later than 17 April 2023; and (iii) holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) through a mailing as of 17 April 2023. Holders of U.S. Shares will additionally be provided with a U.S. proxy card. Taking into account the geographical spread of the shareholders and in order to enable holders of U.S. Shares to participate in the meeting  Broadridge will take all appropriate measures to provide the holders of U.S. Shares with the Meeting Materials and the U.S.proxy card timely. Only shareholders complying with all conditions of admission for attendance to the meeting outlined above shall be entitled to vote at the meeting. 10 A copy of the documents and reports mentioned in the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and of those that need to be submitted to said meeting can be obtained by the shareholders  free of charge  thirty days before the shareholders' meeting at the company's registered office  at the address mentioned below. One or more shareholders having at least 3% of the share capital of the company may add items to the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and may file proposals of resolution relating to already existing agenda items. These shareholders must notify the company of their proposals at the latest on Tuesday 25 April 2023. Following such notification  the company will publish a revised agenda no later than Tuesday 2 May 2023. Shareholders may ask questions in writing to the Supervisory Board prior to the shareholders' meeting by sending such questions to the company  or via the Lumi Connect platform (https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events)  no later than Thursday 11 May 2023 at 5.00 pm (Belgian time). Shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website in this respect. III. Notifications Unless specified otherwise above  all notifications must be sent to one of the following addresses: Euronav NV Company Secretary - General Meetings De Gerlachekaai 20 2000 Antwerp Belgium Telefax: +32 3 247.44.09 Attention: Company Secretary - General Meetings E-mail address: shareholders@euronav.com Each of the aforementioned deadlines means the latest date on which the notification must be received by the company. When sent by post mail  the date of the postmark is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. When sent by telefax or email  the date of the fax or email is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. All documents and other information required for purposes of the shareholders' meeting are available from the above-mentioned address and from the company's website: www.euronav.com. 11 IV. Data protection Euronav is responsible for the processing of personal data received from  or collected about  holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders in the context of shareholders' meetings. The company will process such data solely for the purposes of the organisation and conduct of the relevant shareholders' meeting  including the convening notices  registrations  attendance and voting  as well as for maintaining lists or registers of security holders  and the analysis of the investor and security holder base of the company. These data include  amongst others  identification data  the number and nature of securities of a holder of securities issued by the company  proxies and voting instructions. Euronav may also transfer this data to third parties for the purposes of assistance or services to the company in connection with the foregoing. The company will process such data  mutatis mutandis  in accordance with the Euronav Privacy Statement  available on the company's website (https://www.euronav.com/en/privacy-statement/). The company informs the holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders of the rights they may have as data subjects  such as  among others  the right to access  the right to rectify and the right to object to processing  which are described in detail in aforementioned Privacy Statement. To exercise rights as a data subject and for all other information regarding the processing of personal data by or on behalf of the company  the company can be contacted by e-mail at dpo@euronav.com . The supervisory board 12 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Euronav NV published this content on 17 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 17 April 2023 16:17:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about EURONAV NV 04/17 Euronav Annual General Meeting of 17 May 2023 AQ 04/17 Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING - Form 6-K PU 04/13 Euronav : Regulated information - Form 6-K PU 04/13 Euronav publishes its Annual Report and files Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December .. AQ 03/31 Euronav announces final year results 2022 AQ 03/31 Euronav NV Proposes Final Dividend for 2022  Payable on 13 June 2023 CI 03/29 Iran Smuggled Oil AQ 03/23 Frontline's Fredriksen appointed to Euronav supervisory board RE 03/23 Euronav : Special Shareholder Meeting results PU 03/23 Euronav NV Approves the Composition of the New Supervisory Board CI Analyst Recommendations on EURONAV NV 03/06 Deutsche Bank Downgrades Euronav to Hold From Buy  Adjusts Price Target to $20 From $19 MT 02/03 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav NV Price Target to $19 From $18  Maintains Buy Rating MT 01/12 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav's Price Target to $18 From $21  Maintains Buy Rating MT",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.14,0.53,True,English,"[""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'Euronav', 'NOTICE', 'Form', 'Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato', ""12 years' fixed income investment experi"", 'Jan De Nul Dredging NV', 'Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge', 'Jan De Nul NV', 'Mrs. Julie De Nul', 'Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen', 'Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent', 'full year gross dividend', 'Mr. Bjørge', 'Mr. Herwig Carmans', 'multiple email addresses', 'Ms. Anita Odedra', 'Flemish Construction Confederation', 'Ulstein Group ASA', 'Nes Invest AS', 'Hav Energy AS', 'Messrs. Carl Steen', 'applicable legal requirements', 'available share premium', 'ordinary general meeting', 'OMP Capital AS', 'previous financial year', ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'HitecVision AS', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'Carl Trowell', 'Legal Counsel', 'Schaliënstraat', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Belgian time', 'annual accounts', 'profit balance', '5 Shareholder distribution', 'treasury shares', 'separate voting', 'Steven Smith', 'KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren', ""Flanders' Chamber"", 'NYSE rules', 'Pareto Securities', 'shareholders distribution', 'supervisory board', 'statutory auditor', 'remuneration report', 'independent member', 'First name', 'Office Belgium', 'Belgian law', 'board member', 'Euronav', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'Form', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '2000 Antwerp', 'agenda', 'proposed', 'decisions', 'portion', '31 December', 'Acknowledgment', 'approval', 'company', 'Allocation', 'result', 'loss', 'amount', 'USD', 'Q4', '13 June', 'profits', 'reserves', 'Dividends', 'avoidance', 'doubt', '6 Discharge', 'release', 'liability', 'members', 'means', 'execution', 'mandate', 'course', 'revision', 'partner', 'term', 'appointment', 'Master', 'degree', 'University', 'CEO', 'directors', 'VCB', 'VOKA', 'Commerce', 'Industry', 'respect', 'independence', 'owner', 'positions', '10:30', '1.049']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23054,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SENZIME-AB-PUBL-54900624/news/Senzime-Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-43520502/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Senzime : Notice of annual general meeting,(marketscreener.com)   N.B. English translation for convenience purposes only. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish version shall prevail.   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN SENZIME AB    The shareholders in Senzime AB corp. reg. no 556565-57…,"Senzime : Notice of annual general meeting 04/17/2023 | 07:29am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields N.B. English translation for convenience purposes only. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish version shall prevail. NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN SENZIME AB (PUBL) The shareholders in Senzime AB (publ) corp. reg. no 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to an annual general meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023  at 16.00at Senzime ABs premises on Ulls väg 41 in Uppsala. Notice etc. Shareholders who wish to participate in the annual general meeting must: be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 8 May 2023 (the record date)  andnotify his or her intention to attend the annual general meeting to the Company no later than Friday 12 May 2023  by mail to Ulls väg 41  756 51 Uppsala or by e-mail to michaela.larsson@lindahl.se  stating ""annual general meeting"". Such notification shall include the shareholder's name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and telephone number  number of shares  details on advisors (no more than two)  if any  and  where applicable  details of representatives or proxies. Nominee-registered shares Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or other trustee must  in addition to notify his or her intention to attend the general meeting  register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is included in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden on 8 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and shall be requested by shareholders in such time and in accordance with the routines that the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than 10 May 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register. Proxy Shareholders represented by proxy must submit a dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is executed by a legal person  a certified copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent must be attached. The power of attorney may not be valid for a period exceeding five years from its issuance. The original power of attorney and certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company by mail at the address mentioned above in due time prior to the general meeting. Alternatively  the original power of attorney and certificate of registration may be brought and presented at the general meeting. The Company provides a power of attorney form at request and on the Company's website  www.senzime.com. Number of shares and votes As of the date of this notice  there are a total of 82 566 660 shares and votes in the Company. Proposed agenda Opening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Approval of the agenda Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened N.B. English translation for convenience purposes only. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish version shall prevail. Presentation of the annual report  the auditor's report  the consolidated accounts and the consolidated auditors' report as well as the auditor's opinion on whether the annual general meeting's guidelines on remuneration to senior executives have been complied with Resolutions on: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet; allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet; and discharge from liability for each of the members of the board of directors and theCEO Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and the number of deputy members of the board of directors (if any) Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and auditor Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and deputy members of the board of directors Election of auditor Resolution on nomination committee for the next annual general meeting Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the senior management Presentation of the board of director's remuneration report for approval Resolution on extension of employee stock option programs Resolution on an authorization (for remaining issues to sellers of Respiratory Motion) Resolution on a general authorization (for other issues) Closing of the general meeting Proposals to resolutions Item 1 - Election of chairman of the general meeting The nomination committee  consisting of Adam Dahlberg (chair)  Gabriel Urwitz  Malin Björkmo and Philip Siberg  proposes that Mattias Prage  lawyer at Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  is elected as chairman of the general meeting or  in his absence  the person otherwise appointed by the board of directors. Item 7b) - Allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheet The board of directors proposes that no dividends shall be paid for the financial year 2022 and that the Company's result is carried forward to a new account. Item 8 - Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and number of deputy members of the board of directors The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of seven (7) directors without any deputy directors. Item 9 - Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting determines that remuneration shall be paid to the chairman with SEK 450 000 and to other members of the board of directors with SEK 210 000. Additionally  it is proposed that no remuneration shall be paid to a board member who during the financial year of 2022 has received payments from the Company for consulting services which in total exceed an amount corresponding to twice the board N.B. English translation for convenience purposes only. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish version shall prevail. remuneration resolved at the annual general meeting 2022. No special remuneration shall be paid for participation in special committees. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor is paid according to approved invoice. Item 10 - Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and deputy members of the board of directors The nomination committee proposes re-election of Philip Siberg  Adam Dahlberg  Sorin Brull  Eva Walde  Jenny Freeman and Laura Piccinini and election of Göran Brorsson as members of the board of directors. Lennart Kalén has informed the nomination committee that he is not available for re-election. It is proposed that Philip Siberg is elected as chairman of the board of directors. Göran Brorsson has over 40 years of experience from services in sales  marketing and finance as well as leading roles at various companies. Between the years 2000 and 2015  Göran Brorsson was CEO of Elos Medtech AB. Since 2015  Göran has mainly been active as a consultant in the Medtech area. Göran Brorsson has a master's degree in Business Administration from Gothenburg University. Item 11 - Election of auditor The nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee's proposal  that Öhrlings PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB is re-appointed as auditor of the Company  with Lars Kylberg as principal auditor. Item 12 - Resolution on nomination committee for the next annual general meeting The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to establish a nomination committee and to adopt instructions for the nomination committee's work prior to the 2024 annual general meeting in accordance with the principles set out below. Principles for the appointment of members of the nomination committee. The general meeting instructs the chairman of the board to contact the three largest shareholders in terms of votes according to Euroclear's share register as of 1 September 2023  who each appoint a member of the nomination committee. In the event that any of the three largest shareholders does not wish to appoint a member of the nomination committee  the fourth largest shareholder shall be consulted (and so on) until the nomination committee consists of three members. The majority of the nomination committee's members shall be independent in relation to the Company and the Company management. The chairman of the board shall not be a member of the nomination committee  but shall be co-opted to the nomination committee's meetings. The CEO or another person from the Company management may not be a member of the nomination committee. At least one of the members of the nomination committee must be independent in relation to the largest shareholder in the Company in terms of votes or a group of shareholders who collaborate on the Company's administration. board members other than the chairman of the board may be members of the nomination committee  but may not constitute a majority of the nomination committee's members. The members of the nomination committee shall be published on the Company's website no later than six months before the next annual general meeting. The website shall also provide information on how shareholders can submit proposals to the nomination committee. N.B. English translation for convenience purposes only. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish version shall prevail. The term of office for the appointed nomination committee shall run until a new nomination committee has been appointed in accordance with the mandate from the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee appoints a chairman from among its members. The chairman of the board or another board member shall not be the chairman of the nomination committee. If a member leaves the nomination committee before its term is completed  and if the nomination committee considers that there is a need to replace this member  the nomination committee shall appoint a new member in accordance with the principles above  but based on Euroclear's printout of the share register as soon as possible  as soon as the member has left its post. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced immediately. Tasks of the nomination committee The nomination committee shall submit proposals for resolutions on the following issues to the 2024 annual general meeting: Election of the chairman of the annual general meeting; Resolution on the number of board members  Resolution on the fees and other remuneration to the board of directors and its committees  divided between the chairperson and other members  Resolution on the fees to the auditors  Election of board members and chairman of the board  Election of auditors  and Proposal for principles for the composition and instructions regarding work of the nomination committee in preparation for the annual general meeting 2025. When preparing the proposal regarding the election of board members and chairman of the board and otherwise in its work - the nomination committee shall apply paragraph 4.1 of the SwedishCode of Corporate Governance (the "" Code "") as a diversity policy. The nomination committee shall also in other aspects  when preparing proposals for the 2024 annual general meeting adhere to the provisions of the Code. The work of the nomination committee The nomination committee shall meet as often as is necessary for the nomination committee to fulfil its duties  but at least once per year. Notices convening meetings are issued by the chairman of the nomination committee. If a member requests that the nomination committee be convened  the request shall be complied with. The nomination committee is quorate if at least two members are present. Resolutions of the nomination committee shall be adopted by a simple majority of the members present or  in the event of a tied vote  the chairman shall have the casting vote. Remuneration No remuneration shall be paid to the committee members for their work on the nomination committee. The Company shall however bear reasonable costs that the nomination committee deem necessary for the committee to fulfil its assignment. Item 13 - Resolution on guidelines for remuneration for the senior management The board of directors proposes that the general meeting adopt guidelines for remuneration to senior management as set out below. N.B. English translation for convenience purposes only. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish version shall prevail. Scope and applicability of the guidelines These guidelines include the Company's CEO and the persons who are part of Senzime's management team from time to time. The guidelines also apply to remuneration to the members of the board  to the extent that such remuneration is paid for work for or provided services to the Company outside the scope of their board assignment. The guidelines apply to remuneration that is agreed  and to amendments to agreed remuneration that are made  after the guidelines have been adopted by the annual general meeting 2023. Transfers of securities and the right to acquire securities from the Company in the future is considered to be remuneration. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration which is decided or approved by the annual general meeting  such as share-related incentive programs. Senior executives who maintain a position as a member or deputy on the board of Group companies shall not receive special board remuneration for such position. The guidelines' contribution to the Company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability Senzime is a Swedish Company that develops and markets systems  powered by unique algorithms and sensors  to monitor the patient's muscle function and electrical impulses - before  during and after surgery. The Company's solution is called TetraGraph®  a medical technology system that digitally and continuously measures the degree of neuromuscular blockade in the patient. Senzime's vision is improved clinical precision and simplified management in healthcare. By preventing complications and enabling healthcare professionals to follow healthcare guidelines and drug recommendations  the Company's products contribute to shorter hospital stays and lower healthcare costs. The Company's development portfolio also includes innovative  patient- oriented solutions that enable automated and continuous measurement of biological substances such as glucose and lactate in blood and tissue fluids. Senzime's business model means that the Company works with development and sales together with distributors  licensees and other partners or under its own management. A successful implementation of the Company's strategy and the safeguarding of the Company's long-term interests prerequires that the Company can recruit and retain management with good competence and capacity to achieve set goals. This requires that the Company can offer competitive remuneration. These guidelines contribute to the Company's business strategy  long- term interests and sustainability by giving the Company the opportunity to offer senior executives a competitive remuneration. Remuneration forms The remuneration offered must be market-based and may consist of fixed salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Fixed salary must be individual for each senior manager and be based on the manager's position  responsibility  competence  experience and performance. The senior manager may be offered the opportunity to change salaries between fixed salary and pension respectively other benefits  provided that it is cost-neutral for the Company. Variable remuneration shall be related to the outcome of the Company's goals and strategies and shall be based on predetermined and measurable criteria designed with the aim of promoting long-term value creation. The proportion of the total remuneration that consists of variable remuneration must be able to vary depending on the position. In the case of the CEO and other Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Senzime AB published this content on 17 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 17 April 2023 11:26:49 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about SENZIME AB (PUBL) 09:58a Senzime : The Nomination Committee's reasoned statement to the Annual General Meeting PU 03:12a New US data confirms that TetraGraph supports clinical decisions and assures patient sa.. AQ 04/17 Senzime : Proxy form  Senzime AB PU 04/17 Senzime : Notice of annual general meeting PU 04/17 Notice of annual general meeting in Senzime AB (publ) AQ 04/03 TetraGraph enables significant cost savings according to data presented at annual pedia.. AQ 03/31 New number of shares and votes in Senzime AB (publ) AQ 03/10 Final result of Senzime's rights issue AQ 03/09 Preliminary result of Senzime's rights issue AQ 02/16 Senzime publishes prospectus relating to the rights issue AQ",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Senzime', 'Notice', 'N.B. English translation', 'employee stock option programs', 'next annual general meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Ulls väg', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Malin Björkmo', 'Advokatfirman Lindahl KB', ""consolidated auditors' report"", 'consolidated income statement', 'personal identification number', 'voting list Election', 'senior management Presentation', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'general meeting Preparation', 'corporate registration number', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'lindahl.se', 'senior executives', 'general authorization', 'SENZIME AB', 'convenience purposes', 'Swedish version', 'michaela.larsson', 'Such notification', 'other trustee', 'certified copy', 'five years', 'agenda Opening', 'two persons', 'agenda Determination', 'remaining issues', 'Respiratory Motion', 'other issues', 'Adam Dahlberg', 'Gabriel Urwitz', 'Philip Siberg', 'Mattias Prage', 'Such registration', 'telephone number', 'publ) corp.', 'record date', 'dated power', 'legal person', 'original power', 'due time', 'Monday 8 May', 'Friday 12 May', 'deputy members', 'share register', 'CEO Resolution', 'remuneration report', 'First name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'attorney form', 'The Company', 'auditor Election', 'nomination committee', 'auditor Resolution', 'Proxy Shareholders', '16 May', '10 May', '82,566,660 shares', 'Notice', '29am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'event', 'discrepancies', 'Tuesday', 'premises', 'Uppsala', 'intention', 'details', 'advisors', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'bank', 'addition', 'accordance', 'routines', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'period', 'issuance', 'request', 'website', 'votes', 'total', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'opinion', 'guidelines', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'board', 'directors', 'extension', 'sellers', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'Item', 'lawyer', 'absence', 'dividends']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23055,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COSMO-PHARMACEUTICALS-N-V-27546674/news/Cosmo-Pharmaceuticals-N-Convening-notice-43517615/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Cosmo Pharmaceuticals N : Convening notice,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE CONVENING THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF COSMO   PHARMACEUTICALS N.V.    Dear Shareholder    On behalf of the board of directors of COSMO   we kindly invite you to the annual general meeting of COSMO   to be held on Fri…,"issue - and/or grant rights to subscribe for - ordinary shares in the capital of COSMO up to a maximum of ten percent (10%) of the nominal value of the ordinary shares as included in the authorised capital of COSMO  which shares shall be issued - or rights are granted - for the execution of COSMO's employee stock ownership plan for directors  employees Proposal to authorise the Board of Directors  for a period of eighteen (18) months after the date of the AGM or until the day of the next annual general meeting of COSMO (whichever comes first)  as the body authorised to:On behalf of the board of directors of COSMO (the ""Board of Directors"")  we kindly invite you to the annual general meeting of COSMO (the ""AGM"")  to be held on Friday 26 May 2023  at 12:00 CEST  at Gebouw Meerparc  Amstelveenseweg 638  1081 JJ Amsterdam  the Netherlands. The AGM shall be held in English. The AGM is convened to discuss and decide on the following agenda items:Proposal to authorise the Board of Directors  for a period of eighteen (18) months after the date of the AGM or until the day of the next annual general meeting of COSMO (whichever comes first)  as the body authorised to limited or exclude2. QUESTIONS RELATING TO AGM AGENDA ITEMSWe are pleased to receive any questions you may have related to any of the agenda items prior to the AGM. You are therefore invited to submit such questions in the English language by e-mail to generalmeeting@cosmopharma.com. Questions must be delivered to COSMO by email to  in any case received no later than 22 May 2023  11:59 AM CET. The Board of Directors shall try to answer these questions during the AGM. Further questions can be asked during the AGM in the physical meeting. The chairperson of the AGM may determine that  in the interest of the order of business of the meeting  it cannot reasonably be required to answer one or more specific further questions in light of the circumstances at the time of the AGM. The answers to the questions shall be included in the minutes of the AGM  which will be published on the website of COSMO (www.cosmopharma.com) as soon as possible after the AGM.3. RECORD DATEThe Board of Directors has determined that for this AGM  the persons entitled to attend  speak and  if applicable vote  either in person or by written proxy  are those persons who  on 28 April 2023  after close of trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange (the ""Record Date"")  are registered in the register of COSMO held by Euroclear Netherlands or the relevant intermediary on the Record Date.4. ATTENDANCE AGMOnly persons who are registered with their bank as holder of ordinary shares of COSMO or entitled to vote on ordinary shares of COSMO as of the Record Date  which can be evidenced by each person by requesting their bank to provide them with a duly filled out and signed copy of a bank holding certificate (a ""Bank Holding Certificate"")  are entitled to attend  speak and  if applicable  vote at the AGM either in person or by written proxy. Such persons should request their bank to provide them with a duly filled out and signed copy of a Bank Holding Certificate showing their entitlement as of the Record Date. Such persons must prior to 11:59 AM (CEST) 22 May 2023 give notice to COSMO of their intention to attend the AGM  together with proof of their entitlement as of the Record Date. This notice (together with the Bank Holding Certificate) must be executed and delivered to COSMO by mail and in any case received no later than 22 May 2023  11:59 AM CEST.5. REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATIONRegistration for admission to the AGM will take place at the registration desk at the meeting venue between 11:00 CEST and the commencement of the AGM on Friday 26 May 2023. It is not possible to register after this time. Attendees will be asked to produce proof of identity (together with the Bank Holding Certificate and  if applicable  a written proxy and  in case of a legal persons/entity  evidence of the authority of the person) and may be declined access in case such proof is not produced.6. REPRESENTATION BY PROXYIf you are a shareholder or person with meeting rights on the Record Date and you do not wish or are unable to attend the AGM in person  you have the right to grant a proxy to a third person. In that case  the proxy holder will be entitled to attend and  if applicable  vote at the AGM on your behalf. The proxy form is available at the offices of COSMO at Riverside II  Sir John Rogerson's Quay  Dublin 2  Ireland  and also on the website of COSMO (www.cosmopharma.com). The duly completed and signed written proxy (together with the Bank Holding Certificate and  in case of a legal persons/entity  evidence of the authority of the person) must be executed and delivered to COSMO by mail or email and in any case receivedPage 3 of 4",positive,0.78,0.22,0.01,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['Cosmo Pharmaceuticals N', 'Convening notice', 'employee stock ownership plan', 'next annual general meeting', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Sir John Rogerson', 'bank holding certificate', 'AGM AGENDA ITEMS', 'physical meeting', 'meeting venue', 'meeting rights', 'ten percent', 'nominal value', 'Gebouw Meerparc', '1081 JJ Amsterdam', 'relevant intermediary', 'legal persons/entity', 'Riverside II', 'ordinary shares', 'RECORD DATE', 'grant rights', 'authorised capital', 'Friday 26 May', 'English language', 'Euroclear Netherlands', 'Such persons', 'registration desk', 'proxy form', 'ATTENDANCE AGM', 'Further questions', 'third person', 'applicable vote', 'The AGM', 'The Board', 'proxy holder', '22 May', 'issue', 'COSMO', 'maximum', 'execution', 'directors', 'employees', 'Proposal', 'period', 'body', 'behalf', 'Amstelveenseweg', 'following', 'eighteen', 'mail', 'generalmeeting', 'case', 'chairperson', 'interest', 'order', 'business', 'one', 'specific', 'light', 'circumstances', 'time', 'answers', 'minutes', 'website', 'written', '28 April', 'close', 'trading', 'register', 'copy', 'entitlement', '11:59 AM', 'notice', 'intention', 'proof', 'IDENTIFICATION', 'place', '11:00 CEST', 'commencement', 'Attendees', 'identity', 'evidence', 'authority', 'access', 'REPRESENTATION', 'shareholder', 'offices', 'Quay', 'Dublin', 'Ireland', 'Page', '12:00', '3.', '4.']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23056,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Washington State Employees Credit Union sells its fast-growing CUSO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6xqevozQo7 #regtech,nan,Washington State Employees Credit Union sells its fast-growing CUSO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6xqevozQo7 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Washington State Employees Credit Union', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'growing CUSO', 'Fintech', 'Washington State Employees Credit Union', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'growing CUSO', 'Fintech']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23057,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New York is making crypto compliance more expensive #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LcEViaA0hc #regtech,nan,New York is making crypto compliance more expensive #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LcEViaA0hc #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.88,0.11,neutral,0.01,0.88,0.11,True,English,"['New York', 'crypto compliance', 'Fintech', 'LcEViaA0hc', 'New York', 'crypto compliance', 'Fintech', 'LcEViaA0hc']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23058,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Are Federal Home Loan Bank advances a sign of distress? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/TNDuiuz3KY #regtech,nan,Are Federal Home Loan Bank advances a sign of distress? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/TNDuiuz3KY #regtech,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Federal Home Loan Bank', 'sign', 'distress', 'TNDuiuz3KY', 'regtech', 'Federal Home Loan Bank', 'sign', 'distress', 'TNDuiuz3KY', 'regtech']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23059,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,InRoads Credit Union in Oregon names successor for retiring CEO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LPN5ncvVhg #regtech,nan,InRoads Credit Union in Oregon names successor for retiring CEO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LPN5ncvVhg #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['InRoads Credit Union', 'Oregon', 'successor', 'CEO', 'co', 'LPN5ncvVhg', 'regtech', 'InRoads Credit Union', 'Oregon', 'successor', 'CEO', 'co', 'LPN5ncvVhg', 'regtech']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23060,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,SBA finalizes rule to open flagship 7(a) program to fintechs #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/GYXhY8EfPh #regtech,nan,SBA finalizes rule to open flagship 7(a) program to fintechs #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/GYXhY8EfPh #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['flagship 7(a) program', 'SBA', 'rule', 'fintechs', 'GYXhY8EfPh', 'flagship 7(a) program', 'SBA', 'rule', 'fintechs', 'GYXhY8EfPh']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23061,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2023/04/205496-clearstream-establishes-luxembourg-based-bank-for-financial-institution-fund-investors/,Clearstream Establishes Luxembourg-based Bank for Financial Institution Fund Investors,Clearstream  the global post-trading services provider  has created a new bank in Luxembourg dedicated to serving institutional fund investors.,Clearstream  the global post-trading services provider  has created a new bank in Luxembourg dedicated to serving institutional fund investors.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Financial Institution Fund Investors', 'Luxembourg-based Bank', 'Clearstream', 'global post-trading services provider', 'institutional fund investors', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,crowdfundinsider.com
23062,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,👉 3/10 @Clearstream created a new bank Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. in Luxembourg. https://t.co/1Lx0XCaKJG… https://t.co/0ykC7cQBNa,nan,👉 3/10 @Clearstream created a new bank Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. in Luxembourg. https://t.co/1Lx0XCaKJG… https://t.co/0ykC7cQBNa,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['new bank Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'Luxembourg', 'new bank Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'Luxembourg']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23063,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Establishes Luxembourg-based Bank For Financial Institution Fund Investors | Crowdfund Insider - Crowdf… https://t.co/22xv8lymRv,nan,Clearstream Establishes Luxembourg-based Bank For Financial Institution Fund Investors | Crowdfund Insider - Crowdf… https://t.co/22xv8lymRv,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Institution Fund Investors', 'Luxembourg-based Bank', 'Crowdfund Insider', 'Clearstream', 'Financial Institution Fund Investors', 'Luxembourg-based Bank', 'Crowdfund Insider', 'Clearstream']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23064,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Establishes Luxembourg-based Bank for Financial Institution Fund Investors https://t.co/fne6tYTSVc https://t.co/B3sODpiSEu,nan,Clearstream Establishes Luxembourg-based Bank for Financial Institution Fund Investors https://t.co/fne6tYTSVc https://t.co/B3sODpiSEu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Financial Institution Fund Investors', 'Luxembourg-based Bank', 'Clearstream', 'B3sODpiSEu', 'Financial Institution Fund Investors', 'Luxembourg-based Bank', 'Clearstream', 'B3sODpiSEu']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23065,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream launches new bank in Luxembourg  modernizing fund investing and providing institutional fund investors… https://t.co/RWQB1IKXtt,nan,Clearstream launches new bank in Luxembourg  modernizing fund investing and providing institutional fund investors… https://t.co/RWQB1IKXtt,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['institutional fund investors', 'fund investing', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'RWQB1IKXtt', 'institutional fund investors', 'fund investing', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'RWQB1IKXtt']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23066,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/vYhrBK3c3A,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/vYhrBK3c3A,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23067,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@Clearstream launches new #bank in #Luxembourg for institutional #fund #investorshttps://t.co/NeSan1DMXT#b2b #wealthmanagement,nan,.@Clearstream launches new #bank in #Luxembourg for institutional #fund #investorshttps://t.co/NeSan1DMXT#b2b #wealthmanagement,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['new #bank', 'institutional #fund', 'Clearstream', 'investors', 'NeSan1DMXT', 'wealthmanagement', 'new #bank', 'institutional #fund', 'Clearstream', 'investors', 'NeSan1DMXT', 'wealthmanagement']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23068,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream launches new bank in Luxembourg for institutional fund investors https://t.co/dVWSbp2hjQ,nan,Clearstream launches new bank in Luxembourg for institutional fund investors https://t.co/dVWSbp2hjQ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['institutional fund investors', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'institutional fund investors', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23069,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB WXNRYT7https://t.co/mYMDcehdz7,nan,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB WXNRYT7https://t.co/mYMDcehdz7,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'C2MVB WXNRYT7', 'Ready', 'ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'C2MVB WXNRYT7', 'Ready']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23070,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream launches new bank in Luxembourg for institutional fund investors https://t.co/bJuQLONaxK by @FinTech_Futures 2023-04-17 07:30:04,nan,Clearstream launches new bank in Luxembourg for institutional fund investors https://t.co/bJuQLONaxK by @FinTech_Futures 2023-04-17 07:30:04,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['institutional fund investors', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'institutional fund investors', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,Unknown
23071,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 2V TV Antenna  60+ Mile Range  UHF/VHF  Multi-directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/FYPcmxaCEI,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 2V TV Antenna  60+ Mile Range  UHF/VHF  Multi-directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/FYPcmxaCEI,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 2V TV Antenna', '60+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/VHF', 'Attic', 'Mast', 'FYPcmxaCEI', 'ClearStream 2V TV Antenna', '60+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/VHF', 'Attic', 'Mast', 'FYPcmxaCEI']",2023-04-16,2023-04-18,Unknown
23072,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct Clearstream 4 TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast W/Pi… https://t.co/9mwUQ9cww3,nan,Antennas Direct Clearstream 4 TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast W/Pi… https://t.co/9mwUQ9cww3,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['70+ Mile Range', '4 TV Antenna', 'Mast W/Pi', 'Antennas', 'UHF', 'Attic', '70+ Mile Range', '4 TV Antenna', 'Mast W/Pi', 'Antennas', 'UHF', 'Attic']",2023-04-15,2023-04-18,Unknown
23073,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,NEW Trader TV at tradetech: Stefan Schlamp's team at Deutsche Börse support traders across asset classes  and for b… https://t.co/HJOf6rRBLC,nan,NEW Trader TV at tradetech: Stefan Schlamp's team at Deutsche Börse support traders across asset classes  and for b… https://t.co/HJOf6rRBLC,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['NEW Trader TV', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Stefan Schlamp', 'asset classes', 'tradetech', 'team', 'traders', 'HJOf6rRBLC', 'NEW Trader TV', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Stefan Schlamp', 'asset classes', 'tradetech', 'team', 'traders', 'HJOf6rRBLC']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23074,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,In other news  go to the Deutsche Börse prize exhibtion at the Photographers Gallery and watch all 31 minutes of Bi… https://t.co/fvRxxH1PTa,nan,In other news  go to the Deutsche Börse prize exhibtion at the Photographers Gallery and watch all 31 minutes of Bi… https://t.co/fvRxxH1PTa,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse prize exhibtion', 'other news', 'Photographers Gallery', '31 minutes', 'Deutsche Börse prize exhibtion', 'other news', 'Photographers Gallery', '31 minutes']",2023-04-16,2023-04-18,Unknown
23075,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.google.com/ml?continue=https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL21hcmtldHMvZGVhbHMvaXRhbGlhbi1kZXNpZ24tYnJhbmRzLWxpc3QtZXVyb25leHQtbWlsYW4tMjAyMy0wNC0xNy_SAQA?oc%3D5&gl=FR&hl=en-US&cm=2&pc=n&src=1,Italian Design Brands to list on Euronext Milan - Reuters,Italian Design Brands to list on Euronext Milan  Reuters,ROME  April 17 (Reuters) - Italian Design Brands (IDB)  a hub of high-quality Italian furniture and design companies  said on Monday it planned to list on Euronext Milan  with an initial public offering (IPO) expected by early May.The company  whose brands include Gervasoni furniture and Davide Groppi lighting  said in a statement the offer would include newly-issued shares worth 70 million euros ($77 million)  as well as existing ordinary shares.The aim is to achieve a free float of at least 25% of the resulting share capital at the end of the listing  IDB said.The final structure of the offer will be determined closer to the date of its launch  the company added.IDB said it would use proceeds from the listing to support organic growth as well as investment and working capital.Citigroup and Equita will act as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the IPO.In March  IDB reported 2022 pro-forma revenue of 266.5 million euros  up 84.8% on 2021.($1 = 0.9102 euros)Reporting by Alvise Armellini  editing by Cristina CarlevaroOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', 'Euronext Milan', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'initial public offering', 'Davide Groppi lighting', 'high-quality Italian furniture', 'resulting share capital', 'joint global coordinators', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Italian Design Brands', 'design companies', 'Gervasoni furniture', 'working capital', 'joint bookrunners', 'Euronext Milan', 'early May', 'free float', 'final structure', 'organic growth', '2022 pro-forma revenue', 'Alvise Armellini', 'Cristina Carlevaro', '266.5 million euros', '0.9102 euros', 'ROME', 'IDB', 'hub', 'Monday', 'IPO', 'company', 'statement', 'aim', 'end', 'listing', 'date', 'launch', 'proceeds', 'investment', 'Citigroup', 'Equita', 'March', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,consent.google.com
23076,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/egide-investor-meeting-rescheduled-april-160300703.html,Egide: Investor Meeting rescheduled on April 28  2023,Bollène  April 17  2023 – 06 :00 pm (CET)Press Release MEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS RESCHEDULED Egide Group (Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN...,EGIDEBollène  April 17  2023 – 06 :00 pm (CET)Press ReleaseMEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTSRESCHEDULEDEgide Group (Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN: FR0000072373 - Mnemo: ALGID) announces the postponement of its meeting to present the Group's 2022 annual results  as the accounts are still being finalized.Initially scheduled for Thursday April 20 at 2:30 pm  the meeting will be held by videoconference on Friday April 28  2023 at 4:00 pm.Registration is required directly from the French Financial Markets Association (SFAF).NEW FINANCIAL CALENDARAprile 27  2023: 2022 financial results (after French market closure)April 28  2023: SFAF Meeting Presentation of the 2022 Annual Results by videoconferenceCONTACTSEGIDE – Finance Department - Luc Ardon - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – luc.ardon@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Press Relations - Isabelle Aprile - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.5,0.33,0.17,True,English,"['Investor Meeting', 'Egide', 'April', 'French Financial Markets Association', 'cutting edge markets', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'NEW FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'SFAF Meeting Presentation', '2022 financial results', 'French market', '2022 annual results', 'Bollène', 'Press Release', 'Finance Department', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'market niche', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'Thursday April', 'Friday April', 'Luc Ardon', 'ALGID Attachment', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'Egide Group', 'CET', 'RESCHEDULED', 'Mnemo', 'postponement', 'accounts', 'videoconference', 'Registration', 'CONTACTS', 'date', 'news', 'egide-group', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'France', 'ISIN', '06 :00', '2:30', '4:00', '90']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
23077,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-operational-report-full-2022-201500332.html,NANOBIOTIX to Provide Operational Update and Report Full Year 2022 Financial Results on April 24  2023,Conference Call and Webcast to be Held at 2:00 PM CEST/8:00 AM EDT on April 25  2023 PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 17  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE...,Nanobiotix S.A.Conference Call and Webcast to be Held at 2:00 PM CEST/8:00 AM EDT on April 25  2023PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 17  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the “Company”)  a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announces it will issue its financial results for full-year ending December 31  2022 and provide an operational update  on Monday  April 24  2023  after the close of the US market.This release will be followed by a conference call and live audio webcast on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at 2:00 PM CEST/8:00 AM EDT  prior to the open of the US market. During the call  Laurent Levy  chief executive officer  and Bart van Rhijn  chief financial officer  will briefly review the Company’s year-end results and provide an update on business activities before taking questions from analysts and investors.Details for the call are as follows :Live (US): 1-877-423-9813Live France: 0 800 912 848Live (international): 1-201-689-8573Conference ID: 13738121Call me™: click hereParticipants can use guest dial-in numbers above and be answered by an operator or they can click the Call me™ link for instant telephone access to the event (dial-out). The Call me™ link will be made active 15 minutes prior to scheduled start time. A live webcast of the call may be accessed by visiting the investors section of the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. It is recommended to join 10 minutes prior the event start. A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the Company’s website.Participants are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com.***About NANOBIOTIX:Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Story continuesIncorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.05,0.45,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Operational Update', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Report', 'April', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'chief executive officer', 'Bart van Rhijn', 'instant telephone access', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'Media Relations FR', 'chief financial officer', 'Investor Relations Department', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', 'live audio webcast', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'financial results', 'market authorization', 'US market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'full-year ending', 'Laurent Levy', 'year-end results', 'business activities', 'Conference ID', 'start time', 'human life', 'United States', '20 patent families', 'brand name', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'live webcast', 'treatment outcomes', 'operational update', 'event start', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Conference Call', 'The Call', 'Live France', 'investors section', 'treatment possibilities', '2:00 PM', '8:00 AM', 'April', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'December', 'Monday', 'close', 'release', 'Tuesday', 'open', 'questions', 'analysts', 'Details', 'Participants', 'numbers', 'operator', 'link', 'website', 'replay', 'conclusion', 'advance', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'Story', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'development', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'plgermain', 'Lvela-reid', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
23078,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wendel-wendel-enters-exclusive-negotiations-065000345.html,WENDEL: Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group  a leading European consulting firm in digital transformation  project management and operational performance,PRESS RELEASE – APRIL 17  2023 Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group  a leading European consulting firm in ...,"WENDELPRESS RELEASE – APRIL 17  2023Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group a leading European consulting firm in digital transformation  project management and operational performanceWendel (Euronext: MF.FP) announces entering into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group for an enterprise value of €965 million. As part of this transaction  Wendel could invest up to around €550 million in equity alongside the management team and could hold a large majority stake of the company's capital. Subject to the ongoing process and satisfaction of the conditions to closing  including obtaining regulatory clearances  the transaction is expected to be finalized in the second half of 2023.Founded in 1989  Scalian is ranked among France's Top 10 engineering consulting firms  is also active internationally  providing industrial project management services for issues pertaining to supply chain (costs  quality  deadlines  performance)  the architecture and development of embedded digital systems and information system applications  big data and AI. Scalian also addresses project optimization and organizational performance issues  as well as providing digital transformation support for industry and service sector leaders.The group expects to reach c. €510 million in revenue  an adjusted EBITDA1 of c. €74 million as of June 2023 LTM  and will total c. 5 000 employees in nine countries at this date.Since 2015  the company has delivered average annual growth of around +30% of its revenues  including +12% of organic growth  amplified by a selective external growth strategy  in France and internationally  with nine acquisitions completed over the same period.Scalian has implemented a ESG policy having resulted in several certifications (ISO 9100  9001 14001  27001). The Group has obtained an Ecovadis silver medal in 2022 and has the ambition to further develop its ESG approach by 2025.Story continuesLaurent Mignon  Wendel Group CEO  commented: ""We are looking forward to welcoming a company of Scalian’s caliber to support it in its new step of its journey  working alongside its skilled teams. Wendel will be an active partner for Scalian  contributing its recognized expertise in developing global leaders in business services  through both organic and external growth.We share the ambition of its leader  Yvan Chabanne  of unlocking the company’s full value creation potential in Europe and North America and making it an international leader in its field. Scalian's highly entrepreneurial culture and its recognized ESG performance are fully in line with Wendel's values.This majority investment by Wendel in an unlisted company will be fully in line with the strategic roadmap we announced a few weeks ago  including the ambition to invest two billion euros over the next twenty-four months.""Yvan Chabanne  CEO of Scalian Group  commented: ""In line with our ambitious strategy to reach €1.5 billion in revenue by 2028  Scalian is looking forward to partnering with Wendel as its future reference shareholder. The full scope of global industrial and ESG challenges requires a trusted partner with a long-term vision. Wendel's new strategic directions  coupled with its rich experience and international footprint  will undoubtedly accelerate our development journey alongside our customers and our teams. This partnership project could help Scalian in positioning among the world leaders in management consulting and digital technologies. We are delighted by this prospect shared in the same entrepreneurial mindset.""---AgendaApril 27th  2023Q1 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (after-market release)---June 15th  2023Annual General Meeting---July 27th  2023H1 2023 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (after-market release)---October 26th  2023Q3 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (after-market release)---December 7th  20232023 Investor Day---About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of ‘Grand Mécène de la Culture’ in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroup1 Adjusted EBITDA after IFRS 16 calculated according to Wendel's usual methodology.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.75,0.21,0.04,True,English,"['leading European consulting firm', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Scalian Group', 'digital transformation', 'project management', 'operational performance', 'WENDEL', 'intent', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Top 10 engineering consulting firms', 'leading European consulting firm', 'leading listed investment firms', 'full value creation potential', 'selective external growth strategy', 'industrial project management services', 'information system applications', 'Ecovadis silver medal', 'two billion euros', 'next twenty-four months', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', 'large majority stake', 'embedded digital systems', 'future reference shareholder', 'same entrepreneurial mindset', 'average annual growth', 'digital transformation support', 'service sector leaders', 'new strategic directions', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'long-term development strategies', 'organizational performance issues', 'operational performance Wendel', 'management consulting', 'majority investment', 'Wendel Group CEO', 'enterprise value', 'business services', 'ambitious strategy', 'full scope', 'global industrial', 'management team', 'project optimization', 'same period', 'new step', 'strategic roadmap', 'long-term vision', 'partnership project', 'digital technologies', 'significant shareholder', 'ESG performance', 'market release', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'exclusive negotiations', 'ongoing process', 'regulatory clearances', 'second half', 'supply chain', 'big data', 'nine countries', 'nine acquisitions', 'ESG policy', 'several certifications', 'The Group', 'ESG approach', 'Laurent Mignon', 'active partner', 'global leaders', 'Yvan Chabanne', 'North America', 'ESG challenges', 'trusted partner', 'rich experience', 'international footprint', 'world leaders', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'organic growth', 'portfolio companies', 'Wendel Growth', 'skilled teams', 'international leader', 'development journey', 'Euronext Paris', 'Wendel Lab', 'Scalian Group', 'unlisted company', 'APRIL', 'intent', 'MF.', 'FP', 'transaction', 'equity', 'capital', 'satisfaction', 'conditions', 'France', 'costs', 'quality', 'deadlines', 'architecture', 'industry', 'revenue', 'EBITDA1', 'June', 'LTM', '5,000 employees', 'ambition', 'Story', 'caliber', 'recognized', 'expertise', 'field', 'culture', 'values', 'customers', 'prospect', 'Agenda', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'March', 'July', 'October', 'September', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
23079,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exchange-offer-declared-unconditional-175500654.html,EXCHANGE OFFER DECLARED UNCONDITIONAL,DSM and Firmenich boards very happy to announce that the Company hereby declares the Exchange Offer unconditional,"THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONSThis is a joint press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM)  Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) and Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company)  in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by the Company for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (each such share  a DSM Ordinary Share) (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to Section 16  paragraphs 1 and 2  and Section 17  paragraph 1 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree)  and the admission to listing and trading of up to 174 786 029 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company with a nominal value of €0.01 each (each a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share) on Euronext Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam)  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (the Admission). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM Ordinary Shares (a DSM Shareholder)  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).KAISERAUGST  Switzerland and HEERLEN  Netherlands and GENEVA  April 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ --DSM and Firmenich boards very happy to announce that the Company hereby declares the Exchange Offer unconditionalAll Transaction Conditions have been satisfied or waived86.6% of the DSM Ordinary Shares have been tendered in the Exchange OfferDSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will trade on ""as-if-and-when-delivered"" basis as of 18 April 2023Settlement will occur on 20 April 2023Firmenich Contribution will occur on 8 May 2023Remaining DSM Ordinary Shares can be tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period commencing on 18 April 2023 at 09:00 hours CEST and expiring on 28 April 2023 at 17:40 hours CESTAfter settlement of the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company intends to implement either the Buy-Out or the Post-Offer Merger and LiquidationStory continuesDSM and Firmenich boards are very pleased to announce that the Company hereby declares the Exchange Offer unconditional. All Transaction Conditions have been satisfied or waived. As a result  the Exchange Offer will be settled on 20 April 2023 and the Firmenich Contribution will occur on 8 May 2023.Acceptance periodDuring the extended Acceptance Period  which expired at 17 April 2023 at 17:40 hours CEST  150 742 711 DSM Ordinary Shares have been tendered for acceptance in the Exchange Offer  representing approximately 86.6% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital (geplaatst en uitstaand gewoon aandelenkapitaal). As a result the minimum acceptance level Transaction Condition has been satisfied.The Company accepts all DSM Ordinary Shares that have been validly tendered (or defectively tendered  provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Offer.As of the date hereof  the Company does not yet directly or indirectly hold any DSM Ordinary Shares.Listing and trading of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary SharesTrading in the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam will commence on 18 April 2023 at 9:00 hours CEST on an ""as-if-and-when-issued"" basis  and unconditional trading on the Settlement Date. The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will trade under the symbol ""DSFIR"". The ISIN code of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares is CH1216478797.Any dealings in DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam prior to the Settlement are at the sole risk of the parties concerned.SettlementDSM Shareholders who have tendered (and not validly withdrawn) and transferred (geleverd) their DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Exchange Offer will  on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Offering Circular  receive the Offer Consideration in respect of each tendered DSM Ordinary Share on 20 April 2023 (the Settlement Date). We cannot guarantee that DSM Shareholders will actually receive the Offer Consideration on the Settlement Date from the Admitted Institution with whom they hold their DSM Ordinary Shares.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States has tendered its shares into the Exchange Offer but has been unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares to be allotted to such beneficiary will instead be transferred to a nominee  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to its intermediary within five days of the Settlement Date.The Settlement of the Exchange Offer will be administered and effected by the Company or by the Listing  Paying and Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO Bank N.V.)  on behalf of the Company.Post-Closing Acceptance PeriodDSM Shareholders who have not yet tendered their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer will have the opportunity to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares  under the same terms and conditions applicable to the Exchange Offer  in a post-closing acceptance period (na-aanmeldingstermijn) starting on 18 April 2023 at 09:00 hours CEST and ending on 28 April 2023 at 17:40 hours CEST (the Post-Closing Acceptance Period).We will publicly announce the results of the Post-Closing Acceptance Period and the total number and percentage of DSM Ordinary Shares held by it in accordance with Section 17  paragraph 4 of the Decree on 28 April 2023. The Company will accept all DSM Ordinary Shares validly tendered (or defectively tendered  provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period.During the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  DSM Shareholders have no right to withdraw their tendered DSM Ordinary Shares from the Exchange Offer  regardless whether their DSM Ordinary Shares have been validly tendered (or defectively tendered  provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) during the Acceptance Period or during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period. Additional information is included in section 14.17 (Withdrawal rights) of the Offering Circular.DSM Shareholders who have validly tendered (or defectively tendered provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) and transferred (geleverd) their DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Exchange Offer during the Post-Acceptance Period  will receive the Offer Consideration in respect of each tendered DSM Ordinary Share on 3 May 2023 (the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date). We cannot guarantee that DSM Shareholders will actually receive the Offer Consideration on the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date from the Admitted Institution with whom they hold their DSM Ordinary Shares.Buy-OutIf  after settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate at least 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  the Company shall commence the statutory buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:359c of the DCC or a buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:92a of the DCC to acquire the DSM Ordinary Shares that have not been tendered in the Exchange Offer (the Buy-Out). Any remaining DSM Shareholders (other than the Company) will receive a cash consideration as a result of the Buy-Out. Additional information is included in section 14.19 (Statutory buy-out) of the Offering Circular.Post-Offer Merger and LiquidationIf  after settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate less than 95% but at least 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  DSM may be notified by the Company or Firmenich to implement the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation  in which case DSM shall implement a legal triangular merger with and into DSM Sub (as acquiring company)  with DSM Holdco allotting shares to the Company and DSM Shareholders on a share-for-share basis in accordance with Articles 2:309 et seq. and 2:333a of the DCC (the Triangular Merger)  which Triangular Merger was approved by DSM Shareholders at the DSM EGM on 23 January 2023. Once the Triangular Merger is implemented  the listing of DSM will terminate.Prior to the Triangular Merger becoming effective  the Company shall  and DSM shall procure that DSM Holdco shall  enter into a share purchase agreement between the Company and DSM Holdco (the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which  amongst other things  DSM Holdco will sell and the Company will purchase all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of DSM Sub (the Share Sale) and the Company will assume all liabilities of DSM Holdco. The consideration payable by the Company to DSM Holdco under the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement for the Share Sale shall be the issuance of a right that entitles the holder thereof to require the Company to deliver to it  on first demand  such number of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares that is equal to the number of DSM Ordinary Shares held by the Company plus the DSM Ordinary Shares held by non-tendering DSM Shareholders  or the cash equivalent thereof  calculated by applying a value fairly representing the prevailing value of a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share (the Share Sale Consideration).The Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation is described in further detail in section 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation) of the Offering Circular.DelistingIf  after settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate at least 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  DSM will request Euronext Amsterdam to delist the DSM Ordinary Shares. After delisting of the DSM Ordinary Shares  DSM will be converted from a Dutch public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) into a Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid).The DSM Preference Shares A will be repurchased and cancelled.Further implications of the Exchange Offer being declared unconditionalRemaining DSM Shareholders who do not wish to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period should carefully review the sections of the Offer Circular that further explain the consequences for non-tendering DSM Shareholders  such as (but not limited to) section 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation)  section 14.26 (Withholding) and section 14.37 (Taxation) of the Offering Circular  which describe certain (tax and other) implications to which such DSM Shareholders may become subject with their continued shareholding in DSM.The advance liquidation distribution that will be paid to non-tendering DSM Shareholders in case the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation is implemented  will generally be subject to 15% Dutch dividend withholding tax to the extent it exceeds DSM Holdco's average paid-in capital recognised for Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes.AnnouncementsAnnouncements in relation to the Exchange Offer are issued by means of a press release. Any joint press release issued by the Company  DSM and Firmenich is made available on the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com).Subject to any applicable requirements of the applicable laws and without limiting the manner in which the Company  DSM and Firmenich may choose to make any public announcement  the Company  DSM and Firmenich will have no obligation to communicate any public announcement other than as described in the Offering Circular.Home member state declarationAs a newly listed issuer  the Company declares that the Netherlands is its ""home member state"" for purposes of its disclosure obligations under the EU Transparency Directive (Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2004 on the harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and amending Directive 2001/34/EC).Further informationCapitalised terms used but not defined herein are defined in the Offering Circular. This announcement contains selected  condensed information regarding the Exchange Offer and does not replace the Offering Circular. The information in this announcement is not complete and additional information is contained in the Offering Circular. A digital copy of the Offering Circular is available on the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com/en/offering-circular-and-egm/).General restrictionsThe Exchange Offer is being made in and from the Netherlands with due observance of such statements  conditions and restrictions as are included in the Offering Circular. The Company reserves the right to accept any tender under the Exchange Offer  which is made by or on behalf of a DSM Shareholder  even if it has not been made in the manner set out in the Offering Circular.The distribution of the Offering Circular and/or the making of the Exchange Offer in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted and/or prohibited by law. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  the Offering Circular is not for general circulation in the United States. The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any DSM Shareholder  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the Offering Circular. Persons obtaining the Offering Circular are required to take due note and observe all such restrictions and obtain any necessary authorisations  approvals or consents (to the extent applicable). Outside of the Netherlands  no actions have been taken (nor will actions be taken) to make the Exchange Offer possible in any jurisdiction where such actions would be required. In addition  the Offering Circular has not been filed with nor recognised by the authorities of any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. Neither the Company  nor DSM  nor Firmenich  nor any of their advisers accept any liability for any violation by any person of any such restriction. Any person (including  without limitation  custodians  nominees and trustees) who forwards or intends to forward the Offering Circular or any related document to any jurisdiction outside the Netherlands should carefully read section 16 (Restrictions) and section 17 (Important Information) of the Offering Circular before taking any action. The release  publication or distribution of the Offering Circular and any documentation regarding the Exchange Offer  the making of the Exchange Offer or the issuance and offering of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession the Offering Circular comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the law of any such jurisdiction.United States of AmericaUnless otherwise determined by the Company  the Exchange Offer is not being  and will not be  made  directly or indirectly  in or into  or by the use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  telephonically or electronically) of  interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States except to DSM Shareholders who (i) are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as such term is defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the U.S. Securities Act  and each such person  a QIB) and (ii)  to the Company's satisfaction (in its sole discretion)  have duly completed and returned to the Company a letter confirming that it is a QIB and agreeing to certain transfer restrictions applicable to the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (a U.S. Investor Letter) available from the Company (each an Eligible U.S. Holder). Accordingly  to be eligible to receive DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer  each DSM Shareholder that is a U.S. Person and that is a QIB must make their acceptance known through their custodian  bank or stockbroker by executing and delivering a U.S. Investor letter to such custodian or intermediary no later than 17:40 hours CEST on the Acceptance Closing Date. The custodian  bank or stockbroker may set an earlier deadline for communication by DSM Shareholders in order to permit the custodian  bank or stockbroker to communicate its acceptances to the Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO) in a timely manner. Accordingly  Eligible U.S. Holders holding DSM Ordinary Shares through a financial intermediary should comply with the dates communicated by such financial intermediary  as such dates may differ from the dates and times noted in the Offering Circular.The form of a U.S. Investor Letter will be distributed to custodians  nominees and other financial intermediaries to distribute to those they hold for in due course and is also available to QIBs from the Company. Any U.S. Person who is not a QIB  or in respect of whom no U.S. Investor Letter is received before 17:40 hours CEST on the Acceptance Closing Date  will be a Restricted Shareholder and will be treated as set out under section 14.35 (Notice to DSM Shareholders in certain jurisdictions) of the Offering Circular.The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States and accordingly  the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may not be reoffered  resold or transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.Any DSM Shareholder located in the United States at the time of the Transactions will be required to make certain representations  warranties and undertakings in respect of their status as QIB (the QIB Confirmations)  in order to receive the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States is unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted to such person will instead be transferred to a sales agent  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to such person within five days of the Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Acceptance Period  or within five days of the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during any Post-Closing Acceptance Period.Additional information is included in section 16.1 (United States of America) of the Offering Circular.Forward looking statementsCertain statements in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current beliefs and projections and on information currently available to the Company. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond the Company's control and all of which are based on its current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""seek""  ""would""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""assume""  ""predict""  ""anticipate""  ""annualised""  ""goal""  ""target""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""hope""  ""objective""  ""position""  ""project""  ""risk"" or ""aim"" or the highlights or negatives thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology  or by discussions of DSM-Firmenich's strategy  short-term and mid-term objectives and future plans that involve risks and uncertainties.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake and it expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  assumptions  expectations  estimates and projections of the Directors in office at the time of this press release and the Company's management  public statements made by it  present and future business strategies and the environment in which DSM-Firmenich will operate in the future. By their nature  they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause DSM-Firmenich's actual results and future events to differ materially from those implied or expressed by forward-looking statements. The DSM Shareholders and other prospective investors are advised to read section 2 (Risk Factors) of the Offering Circular for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the DSM-Firmenich's future performance and the industry in which DSM-Firmenich operates. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should any of the assumptions underlying the above or other factors prove to be incorrect  DSM-Firmenich's actual results of operations or future financial condition could differ materially from those described herein as currently anticipated  believed  estimated or expected. In light of the risks  uncertainties and assumptions underlying the above factors  the forward-looking events described in the Offering Circular may not occur or be realised. Additional risks not known to the Company or that the Company does not currently consider material could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in the Offering Circular not to occur.For more information  please contact:DSM investor relations enquiries:Dave HuizingEmail: investor.relations@dsm.comTelephone: +31 45 578 2864DSM media enquiries:FTI Consulting LLPEdward Bridges / Alex Le MayEmail: scdsm@fticonsulting.comTelephone: +44 20 3727 1017Firmenich investor relations enquiries:Ingvild van LysebettenEmail: investor_relations@firmenich.comTelephone: +41 79 833 7252Firmenich media enquiries:Brunswick GroupJoseph Chi Lo / Edward BrownEmail: firmenich@brunswickgroup.comTelephone: +44 20 7404 5959Settlement Agent and Listing and Paying Agent:ABN AMRO Bank N.V.Corporate Broking Issuer ServicesEmail: as.exchange.agency@nl.abnamro.comTelephone: +31 20 628 6070About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.About DSMDSM has transformed during its 150+ year history into today's health  nutrition & bioscience global leader. The Dutch-Swiss company specializes in nutritional ingredients for food and feed with proven world-leading bioscience capabilities and an international network of high-quality manufacturing sites that underpin a business model of global products  local solutions and personalization and precision. For Health  Nutrition & Bioscience (excluding Materials)  DSM delivered €7.3bn of sales in the calendar year 2021  with adjusted EBITDA of €1.4bn and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19%.Transaction websitePlease visit www.creator-innovator.com for additional materials on the Transactions.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1829134/DSM_Firmenich_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/exchange-offer-declared-unconditional-301799197.html",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.13,0.21,True,English,"['EXCHANGE OFFER', 'UNCONDITIONAL', 'minimum acceptance level Transaction Condition', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares', 'outstanding ordinary share capital', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'DSM Ordinary Shares', 'Post-Closing Acceptance Period', 'extended Acceptance Period', 'Firmenich International SA', 'joint press release', 'The Exchange Offer', '174,786,029 ordinary shares', 'Transaction Conditions', 'DSM Shareholder', 'Offer Consideration', 'GENERAL RELEASE', 'UNITED STATES', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'Danube AG', 'Firmenich AG', 'nominal value', 'regulated market', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'Firmenich boards', 'Firmenich Contribution', 'Post-Offer Merger', 'aggregate issued', 'ISIN code', 'sole risk', 'Admitted Institution', 'QIB Confirmations', 'Offering Circular', 'The Company', 'Dutch Decree', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'unconditional trading', 'Settlement Date', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'SUCH', 'REGULATIONS', 'connection', 'Section', 'paragraphs', 'listing', 'Admission', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'making', 'compliance', 'securities', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'terms', 'relation', 'KAISERAUGST', 'Switzerland', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'GENEVA', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'basis', '8 May', '09:00 hours', '17:40 hours', 'Buy-Out', 'Liquidation', 'Story', 'result', 'defect', 'symbol', 'DSFIR', 'dealings', 'respect', 'beneficiary', 'person', 'nominee']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
23080,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-achieves-leader-position-2023-155900897.html,Quadient Achieves Leader Position in 2023 SPARK Matrix™ for Customer Communications Management,Quadrant Knowledge Solutions announced today that it has named Quadient as a 2023 technology leader in the SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management...,"The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions' SPARK Matrix™ provides competitive analysis & ranking of the leading Customer Communication Management vendors.Quadient  with its comprehensive technology and customer experience management  has received strong ratings across the parameters of technology excellence and customer impact.MIDDLETON  Mass.  April 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Quadrant Knowledge Solutions announced today that it has named Quadient as a 2023 technology leader in the SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management  2023.Quadrant Knowledge Solutions LogoThe Quadrant Knowledge Solutions' SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management (CCM) market research report includes a detailed global market analysis of major CCM vendors. The research comprises the features and functionalities of different CCM solutions  including Quadient Inspire Flex and Inspire Evolve  as well as competitive differentiating factors. Key differentiators of Quadient Inspire include customer engagement and experience capabilities  hybrid deployment options  the capability to simplify and automate communication processes  single screen preview capability and integrations of CCM to customer experience (CX) initiatives via customer journey mapping technology  according to the report.""Quadient's customer communication management platform provides a complete end-to-end solution  from design to delivery and tracking to archiving content  data  and history "" said Prakhar Bansal  analyst  at Quadrant Knowledge Solutions. ""Additionally  the platform provides a single architecture for all cloud  on-prem  hybrid  hosted and other deployment options. Quadient is capable of catering to diverse customer needs across industry verticals  with its comprehensive capabilities  compelling customer references  comprehensive roadmap and vision  and product suite with high scalability. Quadient has received strong ratings across technology excellence and customer impact and has been positioned as a leader in the SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management  2023.""Story continuesChris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  at Quadient  said  ""Quadrant Knowledge Solutions defines CCM as a platform that includes an integrated suite of solutions to create  manage  deliver  store  and retrieve inbound and outbound communications to ensure a consistent and personalized customer experience across different communication channels & touchpoints. The integrated suite enables organizations to perform strategic communication planning  improve overall customer experience  and track performances or requirements to minimize communication risks and proactively make informed communication decisions in alignment with business needs.""Quadient Inspire is part of Quadient's Intelligent Communication Automation platform that empowers organizations to respond to market  regulatory and customer experience changes  transforming their communication flows to offer elevated experiences through multiple channels.Additional Resources:About Quadient:Quadient is the driving force behind the world's most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions  and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About Quadrant Knowledge SolutionsQuadrant Knowledge Solutions is a global advisory and consulting firm focused on helping clients in achieving business transformation goals with Strategic Business and Growth advisory services. At Quadrant Knowledge Solutions  our vision is to become an integral part of our client's business as a strategic knowledge partner. Our research and consulting deliverables are designed to provide comprehensive information and strategic insights for helping clients formulate growth strategies to survive and thrive in ever-changing business environments.For more available research  please visit https://quadrant-solutions.com/market-research/Media Contacts:Joe Scolaro  QuadientGlobal Press Relations Manager+1 203-301-3673 j.scolaro@quadient.comSandy Armstrong  Sterling KilgoreDirector of Media & Communications+1-630-699-8979sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comQuadrant Knowledge SolutionsRiya Meharrmehar@quadrant-solutions.comLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/746706/Quadrant_Knowledge_Solutions_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quadient-achieves-leader-position-in-2023-spark-matrix-for-customer-communications-management-301799075.htmlSOURCE Quadrant Knowledge Solutions",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['Customer Communications Management', 'Quadient Achieves', 'Leader Position', 'SPARK Matrix™', '2023', 'leading Customer Communication Management vendors', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'three key solution areas', 'The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions', 'SOURCE Quadrant Knowledge Solutions', 'detailed global market analysis', 'single screen preview capability', 'customer journey mapping technology', 'Quadrant Knowledge Solutions Logo', 'Intelligent Communication Automation platform', 'customer communication management platform', 'CCM) market research report', 'major CCM vendors', 'customer experience management', 'informed communication decisions', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'other deployment options', 'compelling customer references', 'chief solution officer', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'strategic knowledge partner', 'personalized customer experience', 'overall customer experience', 'customer experience changes', 'different communication channels', 'strategic communication planning', 'competitive differentiating factors', 'diverse customer needs', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'different CCM solutions', 'business transformation goals', 'changing business environments', 'customer experience excellence', 'hybrid deployment options', 'Growth advisory services', 'Quadient Inspire Flex', 'global advisory', 'competitive analysis', 'market, regulatory', 'communication processes', 'communication risks', 'communication flows', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'customer impact', 'Key differentiators', 'customer engagement', 'end solution', 'single architecture', 'technology excellence', 'experience capabilities', 'business needs', 'Strategic Business', 'elevated experiences', 'multiple channels', 'strategic insights', 'growth strategies', 'comprehensive technology', 'Inspire Evolve', 'SPARK Matrix™', 'strong ratings', 'complete end', 'Prakhar Bansal', 'industry verticals', 'comprehensive capabilities', 'comprehensive roadmap', 'product suite', 'high scalability', 'Chris Hartigan', 'integrated suite', 'Additional Resources', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC® Mid', 'consulting firm', 'consulting deliverables', 'available research', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Sterling Kilgore', 'Riya Mehar', '2023 technology leader', 'outbound communications', 'comprehensive information', 'Media Contacts', 'Joe Scolaro', 'original content', 'integral part', 'ranking', 'parameters', 'MIDDLETON', 'Mass.', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'features', 'functionalities', 'integrations', 'design', 'delivery', 'tracking', 'data', 'history', 'analyst', 'cloud', 'vision', 'inbound', 'consistent', 'touchpoints', 'organizations', 'performances', 'requirements', 'alignment', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'QDT', 'Small', 'clients', 'quadrant-solutions', 'market-research', 'Director', 'rmehar', 'Quadrant_Knowledge_Solutions_Logo', 'quadient-achieves-leader', 'position', 'spark-matrix', 'customer-communications-management']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
23081,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CITIGROUP-INC-4818/news/Italian-Design-Brands-to-list-on-Euronext-Milan-43518309/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Italian Design Brands to list on Euronext Milan,(marketscreener.com) Italian Design Brands   a hub of high-quality Italian furniture and design companies  said on Monday it planned to list on Euronext Milan  with an initial public offering expected by early May. https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/C…,The company  whose brands include Gervasoni furniture and Davide Groppi lighting  said in a statement the offer would include newly-issued shares worth 70 million euros ($77 million)  as well as existing ordinary shares.The aim is to achieve a free float of at least 25% of the resulting share capital at the end of the listing  IDB said.The final structure of the offer will be determined closer to the date of its launch  the company added.IDB said it would use proceeds from the listing to support organic growth as well as investment and working capital.Citigroup and Equita will act as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the IPO.In March  IDB reported 2022 pro-forma revenue of 266.5 million euros  up 84.8% on 2021.($1 = 0.9102 euros)(Reporting by Alvise Armellini Editing by Cristina Carlevaro and Mark Potter),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', 'Euronext Milan', 'Davide Groppi lighting', 'resulting share capital', 'joint global coordinators', 'existing ordinary shares', 'working capital', 'joint bookrunners', 'Gervasoni furniture', 'free float', 'final structure', 'organic growth', '2022 pro-forma revenue', 'Alvise Armellini', 'Cristina Carlevaro', 'Mark Potter', '266.5 million euros', '0.9102 euros', 'company', 'brands', 'statement', 'offer', 'aim', 'end', 'listing', 'IDB', 'date', 'launch', 'proceeds', 'investment', 'Citigroup', 'Equita', 'IPO', 'March']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23082,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2648293/0/en/Egide-Investor-Meeting-rescheduled-on-April-28-2023.html,Egide: Investor Meeting rescheduled on April 28  2023,Bollène  April 17  2023 – 06 :00 pm (CET)Press Release  MEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS RESCHEDULED  Egide Group (Euronext Growth Paris™-...,English FrenchBollène  April 17  2023 – 06 :00 pm (CET)Press ReleaseMEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTSRESCHEDULEDEgide Group (Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN: FR0000072373 - Mnemo: ALGID) announces the postponement of its meeting to present the Group's 2022 annual results  as the accounts are still being finalized.Initially scheduled for Thursday April 20 at 2:30 pm  the meeting will be held by videoconference on Friday April 28  2023 at 4:00 pm.Registration is required directly from the French Financial Markets Association (SFAF).NEW FINANCIAL CALENDARAprile 27  2023: 2022 financial results (after French market closure)April 28  2023: SFAF Meeting Presentation of the 2022 Annual Results by videoconferenceCONTACTSEGIDE – Finance Department - Luc Ardon - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – luc.ardon@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Press Relations - Isabelle Aprile - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.5,0.33,0.17,True,English,"['Investor Meeting', 'Egide', 'April', 'French Financial Markets Association', 'cutting edge markets', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'NEW FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'SFAF Meeting Presentation', '2022 financial results', 'English French', 'French market', 'Bollène', 'Press Release', '2023 ANNUAL RESULTS', '2022 annual results', 'Finance Department', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'market niche', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'Thursday April', 'Friday April', 'Luc Ardon', 'ALGID Attachment', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'Egide Group', 'CET', 'RESCHEDULED', 'Mnemo', 'postponement', 'accounts', 'videoconference', 'Registration', 'CONTACTS', 'date', 'news', 'egide-group', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'France', 'ISIN', '06 :00', '2:30', '4:00', '90']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23083,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-April-11-2023-until-April-14-2023-inclu-43523430/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from April 11 2023 until April 14  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   April 17  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 11 2023 until April 14  2023    Implementation o…,April 17  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 11 2023 until April 14  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from April 11  2023 until April 14  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 30  2023): 85 041 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 04/11/2023 23 859 79.13 78.82 79.36 1 887 979 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/12/2023 26 624 79.35 79.02 79.94 2 112 745 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/13/2023 20 794 79.35 79.02 79.84 1 650 093 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/14/2023 13 764 80.01 79.60 80.22 1 101 311 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 85 041 79.40 6 752 129 Regulated information of April 17  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 17 250 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/11/2023 3 000 79.05 78.82 79.36 237 140 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/12/2023 5 250 79.35 79.02 79.94 416 590 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/13/2023 6 000 79.38 79.02 79.84 476 260 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/14/2023 3 000 79.95 79.60 80.22 239 850 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 17 250 79.41 1 369 840 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from April 11  2023 until April 14  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 17 200 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/11/2023 2 750 79.12 78.82 79.36 217 585 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/12/2023 3 500 79.34 79.02 79.94 277 685 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/13/2023 8 000 79.39 79.02 79.84 635 088 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/14/2023 2 950 80.00 79.60 80.22 235 994 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 17 200 79.44 1 366 352 As of April 14  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 14 296 420 GBL shares representing 9.3% of the issued capital  and holds 50 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  95.4% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of April 17  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'April', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', '140 Stock Exchange Euronext', '260 Stock Exchange Euronext', '239,850 Stock Exchange Euronext', '85 Stock Exchange Euronext', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '17,250 GBL shares Number', '85,041 GBL shares', '17,200 GBL shares', '14,296,420 GBL shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', '50 shares', 'April', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'June', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23084,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EGIDE-S-A-5193/news/Egide-Investor-Meeting-rescheduled-on-April-28-2023-43523534/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Egide: Investor Meeting rescheduled on April 28  2023,(marketscreener.com) Bollène  April 17  2023 – 06 :00 pm Press Release MEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS RESCHEDULED Egide Group announces the postponement of its meeting to present the Group's 2022 annual results  as the accounts are still being fin…,Bollène  April 17  2023 – 06 :00 pm (CET)Press ReleaseMEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTSRESCHEDULEDEgide Group (Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN: FR0000072373 - Mnemo: ALGID) announces the postponement of its meeting to present the Group's 2022 annual results  as the accounts are still being finalized.Initially scheduled for Thursday April 20 at 2:30 pm  the meeting will be held by videoconference on Friday April 28  2023 at 4:00 pm.Registration is required directly from the French Financial Markets Association (SFAF).NEW FINANCIAL CALENDARAprile 27  2023: 2022 financial results (after French market closure)April 28  2023: SFAF Meeting Presentation of the 2022 Annual Results by videoconferenceCONTACTSEGIDE – Finance Department - Luc Ardon - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – luc.ardon@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Press Relations - Isabelle Aprile - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.5,0.47,0.03,True,English,"['Investor Meeting', 'Egide', 'April', 'French Financial Markets Association', 'cutting edge markets', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'NEW FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'SFAF Meeting Presentation', '2022 financial results', 'French market', 'Bollène', 'Press Release', '2023 ANNUAL RESULTS', '2022 annual results', 'Finance Department', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'market niche', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'Thursday April', 'Friday April', 'Luc Ardon', 'ALGID Attachment', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'Egide Group', 'CET', 'RESCHEDULED', 'Mnemo', 'postponement', 'accounts', 'videoconference', 'Registration', 'CONTACTS', 'date', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'France', 'ISIN', '06 :00', '2:30', '4:00', '90']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23085,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EGIDE-S-A-5193/news/EGIDE-S-A-NEW-DATE-INVESTOR-MEETING-2022-FY-RESULTS-43523595/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,EGIDE S A : NEW DATE - INVESTOR MEETING - 2022 FY RESULTS,(marketscreener.com)   Bollène  April 17  2023 - 06 :00 pm    Press Release   MEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS   RESCHEDULED   Egide Group announces the postponement of its meeting to present the Group's 2022 annual results  as the acc…,Bollène  April 17  2023 - 06 :00 pm (CET)Press ReleaseMEETING TO PRESENT THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTSRESCHEDULEDEgide Group(Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN: FR0000072373 - Mnemo: ALGID) announces the postponement of its meeting to present the Group's 2022 annual results  as the accounts are still being finalized.Initially scheduled for Thursday April 20 at 2:30 pm  the meeting will be held by videoconference on FridayApril 28  2023 at 4:00 pm.Registration is required directly from the French Financial Markets Association (SFAF).NEW FINANCIAL CALENDARAprile 27  2023: 2022 financial results (after French market closure)April 28  2023: SFAF Meeting Presentation of the 2022 Annual Results by videoconferenceCONTACTSEGIDE - Finance Department - Luc Ardon - +33 4 90 30 35 94 - luc.ardon@fr.egide-group.comFIN'EXTENSO - Press Relations - Isabelle Aprile - +33 6 17 38 61 78 - i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.comand LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGID,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['EGIDE S A', 'NEW DATE', 'INVESTOR MEETING', '2022 FY RESULTS', 'French Financial Markets Association', 'cutting edge markets', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'NEW FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'THE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'SFAF Meeting Presentation', '2022 financial results', 'French market', '2022 annual results', 'Bollène', 'Press Release', 'Finance Department', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'market niche', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'Luc Ardon', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'Thursday April', 'Egide Group', 'CET', 'RESCHEDULED', 'Mnemo', 'ALGID', 'postponement', 'accounts', 'videoconference', 'Friday', 'Registration', 'CONTACTS', 'EXTENSO', 'date', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'France', 'ISIN', '06 :00', '2:30', '4:00', '90']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23086,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2647950/0/en/Stellantis-to-Announce-First-Quarter-2023-Shipments-and-Revenues-on-May-3.html,Stellantis to Announce First Quarter 2023 Shipments and Revenues on May 3,Stellantis to Announce First Quarter 2023Shipments and Revenues on May 3  AMSTERDAM  April 17  2023 – Stellantis N.V. announced today that its First......,Stellantis to Announce First Quarter 2023Shipments and Revenues on May 3AMSTERDAM  April 17  2023 – Stellantis N.V . announced today that its First Quarter 2023 Shipments and Revenues will be released on Wednesday  May 3  2023.A live audio webcast and conference call of the Q1 2023 Shipments and Revenues will begin at 2:00 p.m. CEST / 8:00 a.m. EDT on Wednesday  May 3  2023.The related press release and presentation material are expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com at approximately 8:00 a.m. CEST / 2:00 a.m. EDT on Wednesday  May 3  2023.Details for accessing this presentation are available under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com. For those unable to participate in the live session  a recorded replay will be accessible on the Company’s corporate website (www.stellantis.com).# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Shipments', 'Stellantis', 'Revenues', 'May', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'related press release', 'live audio webcast', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis N.V', 'Stellantis corporate website', 'First Quarter 2023 Shipments', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'live session', 'conference call', 'Q1 2023 Shipments', 'Investors section', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'presentation material', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'Revenues', 'May', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'CEST', '8:00 a', '2:00 a', 'Details', 'replay', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23087,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TINC-N-V-22149063/news/TINC-N-participation-GlasDraad-joins-forces-with-the-KPN-and-ABP-joint-venture-Glaspoort-to-accele-43523674/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,TINC N : participation GlasDraad joins forces with the KPN and ABP joint venture Glaspoort to accelerate fiber deployment in the Netherlands,(marketscreener.com)   TINC participation GlasDraad joins forces with the KPN and ABP joint venture Glaspoort to accelerate fiber deployment in the Netherlands  17 April 2023    TINC  the infrastructure investor listed on Euronext Brussels  announces …,TINC participation GlasDraad joins forces with the KPN and ABP joint venture Glaspoort to accelerate fiber deployment in the Netherlands 17 April 2023TINC  the infrastructure investor listed on Euronext Brussels  announces the cooperation between its fiber company GlasDraad and the Dutch company Glaspoort  a joint venture between KPN and APG (the pension administrator of ABP) that is also active in the rollout of fiber networks in the Netherlands.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ABP joint venture', 'TINC N', 'fiber deployment', 'participation', 'GlasDraad', 'forces', 'KPN', 'Glaspoort', 'Netherlands', 'ABP joint venture', 'fiber deployment', 'infrastructure investor', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fiber company', 'Dutch company', 'pension administrator', 'fiber networks', 'TINC participation', 'GlasDraad', 'forces', 'KPN', 'Glaspoort', 'Netherlands', 'cooperation', 'APG', 'rollout']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23088,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALP-ENERGIA-SGPS-S-A-35373/news/Galp-Energia-SGPS-S-A-Trading-Update-1Q23-43520453/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Galp Energia SGPS S A : Trading Update 1Q23,(marketscreener.com)   The information below aims to provide the key macroeconomic  operating and trading conditions experienced by Galp during the first quarter of 2023. All data referred to below is currently provisional and may differ from the final figu…,The information below aims to provide the key macroeconomic  operating and trading conditions experienced by Galp during the first quarter of 2023. All data referred to below is currently provisional and may differ from the final figures.Galp's 1Q23 results will be published on May 5  before the opening of Euronext Lisbon  together with a management presentation. On that day  the Company will hold an analysts' conference call at 14:00 (Lisbon/London time). Further details can be found at the end of this release.Consolidated earnings and financial positionRobust operating cash generation from all divisions  despite higher taxation during the period (mostly related with Brazil upstream activities).Upstream1Q22 4Q22 1Q23 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Working interest production (kboepd) 131.1 130.4 120.3 (8%) (8%) Oil (%) 90% 88% 86% (5%) (3%) Brazil (kboepd) 119.4 115.8 114.9 (4%) (1%) Mozambique (kboepd) - 2.0 5.4 n.m. n.m. Angola (kboepd) 11.9 12.6 - n.m. n.m. Net entitlement production (kboepd) 129.5 128.6 120.1 (7%) (7%)WI production evolution QoQ reflecting the sale of the Angolan upstream assets. Current portfolio (Brazil and Mozambique) production increased  supported by the ramp-up of Coral Sul FLNG in Mozambique  which is still in commissioning phase.Brazilian temporary levy on oil exports estimated at €10-15 m  to be booked as an RCA tax item.Renewables & New Businesses1Q22 4Q22 1Q23 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Renewable installed capacity1 (GW) Gross (100%) 1.0 1.4 1.4 35% 0% Equity to Galp 0.8 1.4 1.4 81% 0% Renewable generation (GWh) Equity to Galp 180 307 448 n.m. 46% Galp realised sale price (EUR/MWh) 204 100 108 (47%) 8%1 Capacity installed by the end of the period.Renewable energy generation benefiting QoQ from higher irradiation and full contribution from the c.100 MW installed during 4Q22.Galp realised sale price up QoQ and above market benchmark  leveraging on energy management short-term agreements to lock in prices.Industrial & Midstream1Q22 4Q22 1Q23 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Raw materials processed (mboe) 21.8 20.5 19.6 (10%) (5%) Galp refining margin (USD/boe) 6.8 13.5 14.3 n.m. 6% Oil products supply1 (mton) 3.9 3.8 3.6 (7%) (4%) NG/LNG supply & trading volumes1 (TWh) 14.8 12.7 10.7 (27%) (16%) Trading (TWh) 6.1 5.5 3.9 (35%) (28%) Sales of electricity from cogeneration (GWh) 113 166 162 44% (2%)1 Includes volumes sold to the Commercial segment.Refining raw materials processed decreased QoQ  considering the planned maintenance activities performed in the hydrocracker  with expected operating costs of c.$5/boe.Refining margin higher QoQ  capturing the international products' cracks and reduced energy costs environment.Refining margin hedges covered 1.7 mboe during 1Q23 (9% of throughput)  with an expected impact of c.€20 m at the Ebitda level.NG/LNG supply & trading to resume its positive contribution  benefiting from higher flexibility due to limited pre-sold and pre-hedged contracts  despite reduced sourced volumes and lower European natural gas prices.Commercial1Q22 4Q22 1Q23 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Oil products - client sales (mton) 1.7 1.8 1.7 3% (5%) Natural gas sales - client sales (GWh) 5 590 4 270 3 722 (33%) (13%) Electricity - client sales (GWh) 1 139 940 933 (18%) (1%)Oil products sales increased YoY  supported by a recovery in B2B  namely from the aviation segment.Natural gas and electricity sales reflecting an optimisation of the clients' portfolio and a reduction in activity within the B2B segment.Market Indicators1Q22 4Q22 1Q23 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Exchange rate (EUR/USD) 1.12 1.02 1.07 (4%) 5% Dated Brent price (USD/bbl) 102.2 88.9 81.2 (21%) (9%) Dutch TTF natural gas price (EUR/MWh) 95.6 94.4 54.1 (43%) (43%) Iberian MIBGAS natural gas price (EUR/MWh) 97.1 75.2 52.2 (46%) (31%) Iberian power baseload price (EUR/MWh) 229.3 113.2 96.4 (58%) (15%) Iberian solar captured price (EUR/MWh) 217.8 102.2 84.4 (61%) (17%)Source: Platts/MIBGAS/Bloomberg/OMIE/REE.1 The Iberian power price is based on the Spanish power pool price published by the Iberian Energy Market Operator (OMIE),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Galp Energia SGPS S A', 'Trading Update', 'YoY Var. QoQ Renewable installed capacity1', 'Dutch TTF natural gas price', 'lower European natural gas prices', 'YoY Var. QoQ Exchange rate', 'Iberian MIBGAS natural gas price', 'YoY Var. QoQ Raw materials', 'YoY Var. QoQ Oil products', 'Iberian solar captured price', 'Iberian power baseload price', 'Spanish power pool price', 'Iberian Energy Market Operator', 'Robust operating cash generation', 'Iberian power price', 'Natural gas sales', 'Renewable energy generation', 'Dated Brent price', 'Oil products supply1', ""analysts' conference call"", 'Angolan upstream assets', 'Coral Sul FLNG', 'Brazilian temporary levy', 'RCA tax item', 'Refining margin hedges', 'Oil products sales', 'Working interest production', 'Net entitlement production', 'WI production evolution', 'energy costs environment', 'reduced sourced volumes', 'Galp refining margin', 'Brazil upstream activities', 'Renewable generation', 'sale price', 'energy management', 'higher QoQ', 'operating costs', 'oil exports', '1Q23 Var', 'market benchmark', 'Market Indicators', 'maintenance activities', 'client sales', 'first quarter', 'final figures', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'management presentation', 'Lisbon/London time', 'Further details', 'Consolidated earnings', 'financial position', 'higher taxation', 'Current portfolio', 'commissioning phase', 'New Businesses', 'higher irradiation', 'full contribution', 'c.100 MW', 'short-term agreements', 'NG/LNG supply', 'Ebitda level', 'positive contribution', 'higher flexibility', 'limited pre-sold', 'aviation segment', ""clients' portfolio"", '1Q23 results', 'trading conditions', 'trading volumes1', 'Commercial segment', 'B2B segment', 'electricity sales', 'information', 'data', 'May', 'opening', 'day', 'Company', 'end', 'release', 'divisions', 'period', 'Mozambique', 'kboepd', 'ramp-up', 'Renewables', 'GW', 'Equity', 'MWh', '1 Capacity', '4Q22', 'Industrial', 'Midstream', 'USD', 'TWh', 'cogeneration', 'hydrocracker', 'cracks', '1.7 mboe', 'throughput', 'expected', 'impact', 'recovery', 'reduction', 'activity', 'Platts', 'Bloomberg/OMIE/REE', '5.4']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23089,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CY4GATE-S-P-A-108852329/news/CY4Gate-files-application-for-admission-to-listing-on-Star-segment-43524125/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,CY4Gate files application for admission to listing on Star segment,(marketscreener.com) CY4Gate Spa announced Monday that it has filed an application with Consob for approval regarding the admission of the company's ordinary shares to trading on the Euronext Milan Market - STAR Segment  organized and managed by Borsa Italian…,(Alliance News) - CY4Gate Spa announced Monday that it has filed an application with Consob for approval regarding the admission of the company's ordinary shares to trading on the Euronext Milan Market - STAR Segment  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana Spa.At the same time  the company submitted to Borsa Italiana the application for admission to listing of its shares on the EXM and the request for STAR qualification  as well as the request for the delisting of its shares from trading on EGM  subject to the simultaneous admission of its shares to trading on EXM  STAR Segment where the conditions are met.The date of commencement of trading of the Shares on EXM  and the simultaneous exclusion of the same from trading on EGM  will be determined by Borsa Italiana.CY4Gate on Monday finished in the green by 0.5 percent at EUR9.44 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['CY4Gate files', 'Star segment', 'application', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Euronext Milan Market', 'Borsa Italiana Spa', 'CY4Gate Spa', 'same time', 'simultaneous admission', 'simultaneous exclusion', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'ordinary shares', 'application', 'Consob', 'approval', 'company', 'Segment', 'listing', 'EXM', 'request', 'qualification', 'conditions', 'date', 'commencement', 'trading', 'Monday', 'green', '0.5 percent', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23090,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2648270/0/en/LUMIBIRD-RECEIVES-MARKETING-APPROVAL-IN-CHINA-FOR-ITS-VITRA-2-PHOTOCOAGULATOR.html,LUMIBIRD RECEIVES MARKETING APPROVAL IN CHINA FOR ITS VITRA 2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR,Lannion  17 April 2023– 17h45  LUMIBIRD RECEIVES MARKETING APPROVAL IN CHINA FOR ITS VITRA 2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR  The LUMIBIRD Group (FR0000038242 -...,"English FrenchLannion  17 April 2023– 17h45LUMIBIRD RECEIVES MARKETING APPROVAL IN CHINA FOR ITS VITRA 2 PHOTOCOAGULATORThe LUMIBIRD Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser technologies  announced today that its medical division  Lumibird Medical  has received marketing approval in China for its Vitra 2 photo-coagulation laser from the Chinese Health Authority (NMPA).This significant product in the Lumibird Medical group's range of lasers for the treatment of retinal pathologies (AMD  diabetic retinopathy) reinforces Lumibird's position on the Chinese market with the support of its distribution partner Gaush.For Jean-Marc Gendre  CEO of Lumibird Medical  ""This registration  which comes after a long period of examination  will have an impact on sales of Vitra 2 in China as of the second quarter. It paves the way for further market approvals in China for key products in the range. For the year 2023  the launch of the Vitra 2 alone should enable us to increase our sales by 25%  compared to a revenue of €4.8 million in China in 2022.”After a contracted period since 2021 on the Chinese market (Covid effect  administrative delays...) Lumibird Medical intends to continue the implementation of sales of its products with hospitals in China with growth prospects on all its ranges.Next date: Q1 2023 revenues on April 24  2023 after close of tradingLUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 1 000 employees and over €191 million of consolidated revenues in 2022 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech LeadersAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['MARKETING APPROVAL', 'ITS VITRA', 'LUMIBIRD', 'CHINA', '2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR', 'Euronext Paris B Compartment', 'Euronext Tech Leaders Attachment', 'English French Lannion', 'solid state laser', 'Chinese Health Authority', 'fiber laser technologies', 'high performance lasers', 'Vitra 2 photo-coagulation laser', 'The LUMIBIRD Group', 'Lumibird Medical group', 'laser diodes', 'Chinese market', 'Keopsys Group', 'medical division', 'medical (ophthalmology', 'MARKETING APPROVAL', 'European leader', 'significant product', 'retinal pathologies', 'diabetic retinopathy', 'distribution partner', 'Jean-Marc Gendre', 'second quarter', 'market approvals', 'Covid effect', 'administrative delays', 'growth prospects', 'Next date', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'leading specialists', 'Lidar sensors', 'ultrasound diagnostic', 'consolidated revenues', 'ITS VITRA', 'LUMIBIRD shares', 'long period', 'key products', '17 April', 'CHINA', '2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR', 'LBIRD', 'NMPA', 'range', 'treatment', 'AMD', 'position', 'support', 'Gaush', 'CEO', 'registration', 'examination', 'impact', 'sales', 'way', 'year', 'launch', 'implementation', 'hospitals', 'close', 'trading', 'world', 'experience', 'mastering', 'scientific', 'laboratories', 'universities', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'defense', 'markets', 'combination', 'Quantel', 'October', '1,000 employees', 'America', 'Asia']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23091,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LUMIBIRD-5001/news/LUMIBIRD-RECEIVES-MARKETING-APPROVAL-IN-CHINA-FOR-ITS-VITRA-2-PHOTOCOAGULATOR-43523314/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,LUMIBIRD RECEIVES MARKETING APPROVAL IN CHINA FOR ITS VITRA 2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR,(marketscreener.com) Lannion  17 April 2023– 17h45 LUMIBIRD RECEIVES MARKETING APPROVAL IN CHINA FOR ITS VITRA 2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR The LUMIBIRD Group   the European leader for laser technologies  announced today that its medical division  Lumibird Medical  has …,"Lannion  17 April 2023– 17h45LUMIBIRD RECEIVES MARKETING APPROVAL IN CHINA FOR ITS VITRA 2 PHOTOCOAGULATORThe LUMIBIRD Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser technologies  announced today that its medical division  Lumibird Medical  has received marketing approval in China for its Vitra 2 photo-coagulation laser from the Chinese Health Authority (NMPA).This significant product in the Lumibird Medical group's range of lasers for the treatment of retinal pathologies (AMD  diabetic retinopathy) reinforces Lumibird's position on the Chinese market with the support of its distribution partner Gaush.For Jean-Marc Gendre  CEO of Lumibird Medical  ""This registration  which comes after a long period of examination  will have an impact on sales of Vitra 2 in China as of the second quarter. It paves the way for further market approvals in China for key products in the range. For the year 2023  the launch of the Vitra 2 alone should enable us to increase our sales by 25%  compared to a revenue of €4.8 million in China in 2022.”After a contracted period since 2021 on the Chinese market (Covid effect  administrative delays...) Lumibird Medical intends to continue the implementation of sales of its products with hospitals in China with growth prospects on all its ranges.Next date: Q1 2023 revenues on April 24  2023 after close of tradingLUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 1 000 employees and over €191 million of consolidated revenues in 2022 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech LeadersAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['MARKETING APPROVAL', 'ITS VITRA', 'LUMIBIRD', 'CHINA', '2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR', 'Euronext Paris B Compartment', 'Euronext Tech Leaders Attachment', 'solid state laser', 'Chinese Health Authority', 'fiber laser technologies', 'high performance lasers', 'Vitra 2 photo-coagulation laser', 'The LUMIBIRD Group', 'Lumibird Medical group', 'laser diodes', 'Chinese market', 'Keopsys Group', 'medical division', 'medical (ophthalmology', 'MARKETING APPROVAL', 'European leader', 'significant product', 'retinal pathologies', 'diabetic retinopathy', 'distribution partner', 'Jean-Marc Gendre', 'second quarter', 'market approvals', 'Covid effect', 'administrative delays', 'growth prospects', 'Next date', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'leading specialists', 'Lidar sensors', 'ultrasound diagnostic', 'consolidated revenues', 'ITS VITRA', 'LUMIBIRD shares', 'long period', 'key products', 'Lannion', '17 April', 'CHINA', '2 PHOTOCOAGULATOR', 'LBIRD', 'NMPA', 'range', 'treatment', 'AMD', 'position', 'support', 'Gaush', 'CEO', 'registration', 'examination', 'impact', 'sales', 'way', 'year', 'launch', 'implementation', 'hospitals', 'close', 'trading', 'world', 'experience', 'mastering', 'scientific', 'laboratories', 'universities', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'defense', 'markets', 'combination', 'Quantel', 'October', '1,000 employees', 'America', 'Asia']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23092,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2647562/0/en/argenx-and-Genmab-Enter-Partnership-to-Advance-Antibody-Therapies-in-Immunology-and-Oncology.html,argenx and Genmab Enter Partnership to Advance Antibody Therapies in Immunology and Oncology,Amsterdam  the Netherlands – 04/17/2023 argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX) and Genmab A/S (Nasdaq: GMAB) announced today that argenx and Genmab have entered into a collaboration agreement to jointly discover  develop and commercialize novel therapeutic antib…,Genmab and argenx have entered into a multiyear collaboration bringing together capabilities to jointly discover  develop and commercialize antibody therapiesDiscovery programs against two differentiated targets are underwayAmsterdam  the Netherlands – 04/17/2023 argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX) and Genmab A/S (Nasdaq: GMAB) announced today that argenx and Genmab have entered into a collaboration agreement to jointly discover  develop and commercialize novel therapeutic antibodies with applications in immunology  as well as in oncology therapeutic areas. The multiyear collaboration will leverage the antibody engineering expertise and knowledge of disease biology of both companies to accelerate the identification and development of novel antibody therapeutic candidates with a goal to address unmet patient needs in immunology and cancer.“Our core mission is to innovate on behalf of patients by translating immunology breakthroughs into novel pipeline candidates. We do this through a model of co-creation which has led to eight molecules demonstrating human proof-of-concept in our pipeline ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer  argenx. “Through our collaboration with Genmab  we are bringing together our combined antibody discovery  development and commercialization expertise to unlock insights on the disease pathways that we will address. This allows us to broaden our capabilities and maximize the opportunity to generate novel therapeutic antibodies within autoimmunity or cancer.”“Genmab is entering the therapeutic area of immunology and inflammation as a steppingstone to achieving its vision that by 2030  our knock-your-socks-off “KYSO” antibody medicines will be transforming the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases ” said Jan van de Winkel  Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer  Genmab. “By partnering with argenx  we will be able to combine our deep knowledge of the biology and therapeutic power of antibodies and have an opportunity to address patients’ needs in oncology as well as in immunology and inflammation.”Collaboration DetailsAs per the agreement  argenx and Genmab will each have access to the suites of proprietary antibody technologies of both companies to advance the identification of lead antibody candidates against differentiated disease targets. Under the terms of the agreement  argenx and Genmab will jointly discover  develop and commercialize products emerging from the collaboration while equally sharing costs as well as any potential future profits. The collaboration will initially focus on two differentiated targets  including one within immunology and one within cancer  with the potential to expand to more.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  the EU and UK  and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   and Instagram .About GenmabGenmab is an international biotechnology company with a core purpose guiding its unstoppable team to strive towards improving the lives of patients through innovative and differentiated antibody therapeutics. For more than 20 years  its passionate  innovative and collaborative team has invented next-generation antibody technology platforms and leveraged translational research and data sciences  which has resulted in a proprietary pipeline including bispecific T-cell engagers  next-generation immune checkpoint modulators  effector function enhanced antibodies and antibody-drug conjugates. To help develop and deliver novel antibody therapies to patients  Genmab has formed 20+ strategic partnerships with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. By 2030  Genmab’s vision is to transform the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases with Knock-Your-Socks-Off (KYSO) antibody medicines.Established in 1999  Genmab is headquartered in Copenhagen  Denmark with locations in Utrecht  the Netherlands  Princeton  New Jersey  U.S. and Tokyo  Japan. For more information  please visit Genmab.com and follow us on Twitter.com/Genmab.For further information  please contact:argenxMedia:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comGenmabMedia :Jyoti Sharma  Director  CommunicationsT: +1 609 480 9844; E: jysh@genmab.comInvestor Relations:Andrew Carlsen  Vice President  Head of Investor RelationsT: +45 3377 9558; E: acn@genmab.comForward Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the partnership with Genmab to advance  discover  develop and commercialize antibody therapies in immunology and oncology  the timeline of identifying and developing novel antibody therapeutic candidates and the potential of addressing unmet patient needs in immunology and cancer. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Antibody Therapies', 'argenx', 'Genmab', 'Partnership', 'Immunology', 'Oncology', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'next-generation immune checkpoint modulators', 'Jan van de Winkel', 'next-generation antibody technology platforms', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody therapeutic candidates', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'other serious diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'KYSO” antibody medicines', 'KYSO) antibody medicines', 'lead antibody candidates', 'two differentiated targets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'differentiated antibody therapeutics', 'bispecific T-cell engagers', '20+ strategic partnerships', 'novel antibody therapies', 'antibody engineering expertise', 'unmet patient needs', 'novel pipeline candidates', 'proprietary antibody technologies', 'differentiated disease targets', 'potential future profits', 'novel therapeutic antibodies', 'oncology therapeutic areas', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'international biotechnology company', 'global immunology company', 'antibody discovery', 'therapeutic power', 'therapeutic franchises', 'The Company', 'commercialization expertise', 'proprietary pipeline', 'disease pathways', 'Discovery programs', 'core mission', 'eight molecules', 'human proof', 'Ph.D.', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'core purpose', 'unstoppable team', 'collaborative team', 'translational research', 'data sciences', 'effector function', 'antibody-drug conjugates', 'New Jersey', 'Erin Murphy', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'Jyoti Sharma', 'Communications T', 'Investor Relations', 'Andrew Carlsen', 'Vice President', 'disease biology', 'patients’ needs', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'multiyear collaboration', 'Collaboration Details', 'deep knowledge', 'passionate, innovative', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'Genmab A/S', 'Genmab.com', 'Genmab Media', 'argenx SE', 'argenx Media', 'collaboration agreement', 'capabilities', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'GMAB', 'applications', 'identification', 'development', 'goal', 'cancer', 'behalf', 'model', 'creation', 'concept', 'insights', 'opportunity', 'autoimmunity', 'inflammation', 'steppingstone', 'vision', 'lives', 'people', 'access', 'suites', 'terms', 'products', 'costs', 'IIP', 'UK', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', '20 years', 'Knock', 'Socks', 'Copenhagen', 'Denmark', 'locations', 'Utrecht', 'Princeton', 'Tokyo', 'Investors', 'Director', 'Head', 'Statements', 'contents', 'announcement']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23093,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2648443/0/en/ERYTECH-Announces-Approval-to-Transfer-its-Listing-to-the-Nasdaq-Capital-Market.html,ERYTECH Announces Approval to Transfer its Listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market,ERYTECH Announces Approval to Transfer its Listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market    Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  April 17  2023 – ERYTECH...,"English FrenchERYTECH Announces Approval to Transfer its Listingto the Nasdaq Capital MarketCambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  April 17  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today announced that it received approval from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (""Nasdaq"") dated April 12  2023  to transfer the listing of its American Depositary Shares representing ordinary shares of the Company (“ADSs”) from The Nasdaq Global Select Market to The Nasdaq Capital Market. The transfer became effective at the opening of business on April 14  2023.The Company’s ADSs continue to trade under the symbol “ERYP” and trading of its ADSs will be unaffected by this transfer. The Nasdaq Capital Market is a continuous trading market that operates in substantially the same manner as The Nasdaq Global Select Market.The approval was based upon the Company meeting the applicable market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market  except for the bid price requirement  the Company’s written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency by effecting a reverse stock split  if necessary  its agreement to the conditions outlined in the Nasdaq Listing Agreement  and additional supporting information provided in its application.In connection with the transfer to the Nasdaq Capital Market  Nasdaq granted the Company an additional 180-day period (or until October 2  2023) to regain compliance with the requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) that the bid price of the Company’s ADSs meet or exceed $1.00 per ADS for at least ten consecutive business days. If at any time during this additional time period the closing bid price of the Company’s security is at least $1 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days  Nasdaq will provide written confirmation of compliance and this matter will be closed.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s expectations with respect to effects of the listing transfer of its ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) market reaction to the transfer of the listing of Erytech’s ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (5) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on March 28  2023 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28  2023 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.65,True,English,"['Nasdaq Capital Market', 'ERYTECH', 'Approval', 'Listing', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'The Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'high unmet medical needs', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'ten consecutive business days', 'red blood cells', 'reverse stock split', '10 consecutive business days', 'proprietary ERYCAPS® platform', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'applicable market value', 'additional 180-day period', 'closing bid price', 'continuous trading market', 'other applicable requirements', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'additional time period', 'bid price requirement', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Nasdaq Listing Agreement', 'global player', 'The Company', 'innovative therapies', 'applicable laws', 'other factors', 'English French', 'U.S.', 'drug substances', 'ordinary shares', 'same manner', 'shares requirement', 'written notice', 'severe forms', 'orphan diseases', 'novel technology', 'product candidates', 'strategic combination', 'extended phage', 'More detail', 'press release', 'United States', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'COO NewCap', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Media relations', 'clinical results', 'regulatory strategy', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'various assumptions', 'unknown risks', 'Actual events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'continued listing', 'initial listing', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'CAC Mid', 'supporting information', 'Forward-looking information', 'Important factors', 'development plans', 'future performance', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'listing transfer', 'Approval', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'April', 'Euronext', 'ADSs', 'opening', 'symbol', 'ERYP', 'intention', 'deficiency', 'conditions', 'application', 'connection', 'October', 'compliance', 'security', 'minimum', 'confirmation', 'matter', 'cancer', 'pipeline', 'patients', 'February', 'PHERECYDES', 'ticker', 'Paris', 'part', 'CONTACTS', 'CFO', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'eryaspase', 'use', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'seeks', 'may', 'expectations', 'effects', 'assessments', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'achievements', 'outcomes', 'others', 'inability', 'changes', 'regulations', 'possibility']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23094,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ERYTECH-PHARMA-S-A-13046812/news/ERYTECH-Announces-Approval-to-Transfer-its-Listing-to-the-Nasdaq-Capital-Market-43524575/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,ERYTECH Announces Approval to Transfer its Listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market,(marketscreener.com) ERYTECH Announces Approval to Transfer its Listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market Cambridge  MA and Lyon   April 17  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma dated April 12  2023  to transfer the listing of its American Depositary Shares representing ordinary…,"ERYTECH Announces Approval to Transfer its Listingto the Nasdaq Capital MarketCambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  April 17  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today announced that it received approval from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (""Nasdaq"") dated April 12  2023  to transfer the listing of its American Depositary Shares representing ordinary shares of the Company (“ADSs”) from The Nasdaq Global Select Market to The Nasdaq Capital Market. The transfer became effective at the opening of business on April 14  2023.The Company’s ADSs continue to trade under the symbol “ERYP” and trading of its ADSs will be unaffected by this transfer. The Nasdaq Capital Market is a continuous trading market that operates in substantially the same manner as The Nasdaq Global Select Market.The approval was based upon the Company meeting the applicable market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market  except for the bid price requirement  the Company’s written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency by effecting a reverse stock split  if necessary  its agreement to the conditions outlined in the Nasdaq Listing Agreement  and additional supporting information provided in its application.In connection with the transfer to the Nasdaq Capital Market  Nasdaq granted the Company an additional 180-day period (or until October 2  2023) to regain compliance with the requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) that the bid price of the Company’s ADSs meet or exceed $1.00 per ADS for at least ten consecutive business days. If at any time during this additional time period the closing bid price of the Company’s security is at least $1 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days  Nasdaq will provide written confirmation of compliance and this matter will be closed.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s expectations with respect to effects of the listing transfer of its ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) market reaction to the transfer of the listing of Erytech’s ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (5) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on March 28  2023 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28  2023 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.12,0.73,True,English,"['Nasdaq Capital Market', 'ERYTECH', 'Approval', 'Listing', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'The Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'high unmet medical needs', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'ten consecutive business days', 'red blood cells', 'reverse stock split', '10 consecutive business days', 'proprietary ERYCAPS® platform', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'applicable market value', 'additional 180-day period', 'closing bid price', 'continuous trading market', 'other applicable requirements', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'additional time period', 'bid price requirement', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Nasdaq Listing Agreement', 'global player', 'The Company', 'innovative therapies', 'applicable laws', 'other factors', 'U.S.', 'drug substances', 'ordinary shares', 'same manner', 'shares requirement', 'written notice', 'severe forms', 'orphan diseases', 'novel technology', 'product candidates', 'strategic combination', 'extended phage', 'More detail', 'press release', 'United States', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'COO NewCap', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Media relations', 'clinical results', 'regulatory strategy', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'various assumptions', 'unknown risks', 'Actual events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'continued listing', 'initial listing', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'CAC Mid', 'supporting information', 'Forward-looking information', 'Important factors', 'development plans', 'future performance', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'listing transfer', 'Approval', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'April', 'Euronext', 'ADSs', 'opening', 'symbol', 'ERYP', 'intention', 'deficiency', 'conditions', 'application', 'connection', 'October', 'compliance', 'security', 'minimum', 'confirmation', 'matter', 'cancer', 'pipeline', 'patients', 'February', 'PHERECYDES', 'Paris', 'ticker', 'part', 'CONTACTS', 'CFO', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'eryaspase', 'use', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'seeks', 'may', 'expectations', 'effects', 'assessments', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'achievements', 'outcomes', 'others', 'inability', 'changes', 'regulations', 'possibility']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23095,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-to-Provide-Operational-Update-and-Report-Full-Year-2022-Financial-Results-on-April-24-20-43524663/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,NANOBIOTIX to Provide Operational Update and Report Full Year 2022 Financial Results on April 24  2023,(marketscreener.com) Conference Call and Webcast to be Held at 2:00 PM CEST/8:00 AM EDT on April 25  2023 PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 17  2023 -- NANOBIOTIX   a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand trea…,Conference Call and Webcast to be Held at 2:00 PM CEST/8:00 AM EDT on April 25  2023PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 17  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the “Company”)  a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announces it will issue its financial results for full-year ending December 31  2022 and provide an operational update  on Monday  April 24  2023  after the close of the US market.This release will be followed by a conference call and live audio webcast on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at 2:00 PM CEST/8:00 AM EDT  prior to the open of the US market. During the call  Laurent Levy  chief executive officer  and Bart van Rhijn  chief financial officer  will briefly review the Company’s year-end results and provide an update on business activities before taking questions from analysts and investors.Details for the call are as follows :Live (US): 1-877-423-9813Live France: 0 800 912 848Live (international): 1-201-689-8573Conference ID: 13738121Call me™: click hereParticipants can use guest dial-in numbers above and be answered by an operator or they can click the Call me™ link for instant telephone access to the event (dial-out). The Call me™ link will be made active 15 minutes prior to scheduled start time. A live webcast of the call may be accessed by visiting the investors section of the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. It is recommended to join 10 minutes prior the event start. A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the Company’s website.Participants are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com.***About NANOBIOTIX:Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Operational Update', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Report', 'April', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'chief executive officer', 'Bart van Rhijn', 'instant telephone access', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'Media Relations FR', 'chief financial officer', 'Investor Relations Department', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'live audio webcast', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'financial results', 'market authorization', 'US market', 'live webcast', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'full-year ending', 'Laurent Levy', 'year-end results', 'business activities', 'Conference ID', 'start time', 'human life', 'United States', '20 patent families', 'brand name', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Live France', 'treatment outcomes', 'operational update', 'event start', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Conference Call', 'The Call', 'investors section', 'treatment possibilities', '2:00 PM', 'April', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'December', 'Monday', 'close', 'release', 'Tuesday', '8:00 AM', 'open', 'questions', 'analysts', 'Details', 'Participants', 'numbers', 'operator', 'link', 'website', 'replay', 'conclusion', 'advance', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'development', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'plgermain', 'Lvela-reid', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23096,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-drone-2022-accounts-reflect-170000929.html,Delta Drone - The 2022 accounts reflect the in-depth change in the organization of Delta Drone,The 2022 accounts reflect the in-depth changein the organization of Delta Drone Dardilly  April 17  2023  at 7 p.m. Faced since the beginning of the second...,"DELTA DRONEThe 2022 accounts reflect the in-depth changein the organization of Delta DroneDardilly  April 17  2023  at 7 p.m.Faced since the beginning of the second half of 2022 with the difficulties affecting small caps on the financial markets  resulting for Delta Drone in a collapse in its market value and liquidity  the group has reacted by deciding on a radical action plan likely to profoundly modify its structure and organization  and consequently its original economic model.Of the 4 branches that constituted the group until then:The Delta Drone International branch was sold in early 2023.Delta Drone Human Tech business could be sold in the short term.The UDT business is the subject of a phased disposal program.The Delta Drone SA branch has undergone a drastic reorganization.Details of the action plan implemented are presented below  branch by branch.The disposals (and divestment projects) are mainly intended to bring cash to the group  without calling into question the quality and history of the relationships established: even when they have left the group's capital scope  the entities sold will continue to be first-rate business partners  particularly in terms of commercial development.In addition  as part of the action plan to reduce Delta Drone's operating costs  the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Christian Viguié  has decided to relinquish his duties as Chief Executive Officer at the next Annual General Meeting  and therefore the remuneration associated with it. On that date  he will cease to exercise any operational function within the company. This decision will require the implementation of new governance  in particular by identifying a new Chief Executive Officer.The lightening of the only retained branch  Delta Drone SA  is intended to restore the agility necessary to thrive successfully in a market of civilian drones for professional use still largely in the state of construction and structuring.New advantages that the new Delta Drone configuration will have:A reduced workforce of 14 employeesLargely positive cash flow  gradually increased due to the program of disposals of assets from the UDT portfolioA concentration of its commercial development on the security and logistics sectors  thanks to the ISS Spotter  SpotterBot and CountBot systems A close partnership with the Chinese group Sichuan AEE Technology  whose challenges are the industrialization and reliability of existing Delta Drone systems and the exclusive distribution of the AEE range of products and solutions in Europe and Africa. For the record  the Sichuan AEE Technology Group is one of the leading groups in the drone sector in China  long focused on its only domestic market before initiating an internationalization strategy two years agoStory continuesThe 2022 financial statements have been prepared in line with the action plan initiated  particularly in terms of the value of intangible assets  the 100% of which has been systematically depreciated. At the same time  non-recurring costs related to reorganizations (layoffs in particular) and branch closures also had a heavy impact on the income statement.These accounts should therefore be analysed with caution  as they mainly reflect the importance of the action plan implemented.Summary of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2022(In K€) 2022-12-31 2021-12-31 2022 vs 2021 2022-06-30 IFRS IFRS IFRS IFRS TURNOVER 13 093 15 865 (17 5)% 8 530 Other business income (361) 1 420 (125 4)% (393) Purchases and changes in inventories 4 685 7 164 (34 6)% 3 861 Staff costs 14 012 15 718 (10 9)% 8 694 Taxes 403 374 7 8% 204 Other current operating income and expenses 200 160 25 0% 37 EBITDA (6 568) (6 131) 7 1% (4 658) Net depreciation and amortization 1 965 2 066 (4 9)% 1 241 Net provisions and depreciations (155) 294 (152 7)% (241) CURRENT OPERATING RESULT (8 378) (8 491) (1 3)% (5 658) Other operating income and expenses (8 668) (1 023) 747 3% (773) OPERATIONAL RESULT (17 046) (9 514) 79 2% (6 431) Cash and financial equivalent income (11) (7) 57 1% (1) Cost of gross financial debt (222) (184) 20 7% (86) Cost of net financial debt (233) (191) 22 0% (87) Other financial income and expenses (596) 5 334 (111 2)% 1 267 RESULT BEFORE TAX (17 875) (4 371) N/S (5 249) Tax expense (161) (24) N/S (94) Share of net income of associates (14) (28) (50 0)% (12) NET PROFIT OR LOSS OF INTEGRATED COMPANIES (18 050) (4 423) N/S (5 355)The 2022 financial statements (which are available in full on the www.deltadrone.com website) reflect the impact of the action plan  which has strongly impacted the 4 branches constituting the group (see press release of 18 July 2022):1 – The Delta Drone International branch and its operational subsidiaries RocketmineOne of the important aspects of the action plan concerns the disposal of assets  in order to support the group's cash position. Thus  at the end of December 2022  16.77% of Delta Drone International's capital was sold  followed by the balance of the group's stake in early January 2023  i.e. 41.37%. This total disengagement in this Australian subsidiary has made it possible to strengthen Delta Drone's cash position by nearly €1 million  while not calling into question the prospects for future commercial collaboration between the entities: these should on the contrary be facilitated  as the rules governing the relationship between two listed companies with capital links are complex  especially in Australia. It should be noted that this operation leads to the resignation of the two Delta Drone representatives from the Board of Directors.In terms of consolidation  Delta Drone International and all of its subsidiaries in South Africa  Australia and Ghana have been treated as ""Assets classified as held for sale"" (application of IFRS 5) whose impacts are as follows:Respectively €10 758K and €4 321K on the assets and liabilities of the consolidated balance sheet  and a contribution to the result of the period of € (5 641) K.At the same time  goodwill with a net value of €320K (Rocketmine South Africa) and €185K (Rocketmine West Australia – ex. Arvista) respectively were 100% impaired as at 31 December 2022.In order to be complete about our presence in Africa  the decision was taken to sell all the shares held by Delta Drone in the capital of Delta Drone Côte d'Ivoire  which left the scope of consolidation of the group in April 2022. This operation was mainly motivated by the creation with the buyer  the Weesure group  of a commercial relationship based on Weesure's teams already strongly established in the geographical area of West Africa and the Gulf of Guinea.2 – The Delta Drone Human Tech branch and its ATM operational subsidiariesThe presence of this traditional private security activity within the group has made it possible to build extremely strong relationships between teams and to create multiple concrete examples of the combined use of human resources and technological tools. The process of dronification of the security sector is now well under way and is expected to increase significantly in the months and years to come.In this context  it became clear that it was no longer necessarily necessary to maintain capital links between Delta Drone and the Delta Drone Human Tech division  in an environment where the priority is to maximize its cash position without disrupting commercial and operational developments.As a result of this strategic analysis and in perfect consultation with the historical leaders of the ""private security"" division  discussions have opened with a view to selling the interests currently held by Delta Drone in its subsidiary.With this in mind and for reasons of prudence  an impairment of the entire goodwill relating to the companies forming the Delta Drone Human Tech sub-group has been recorded in the 2022 financial statements for an amount of €2.5 million.3 – The UDT branch – United Drone TechnologyUDT  a 100% subsidiary of Delta Drone  aimed to build a relevant ecosystem in the drone sector  by taking minority stakes in high-potential start-ups with which Delta Drone SA is able to develop industrial synergies.UDT's portfolio is now composed of five participations: three French companies (Elistair  Donecle and DIODON Drone Technology)  a Swiss company (Aero41 SA) and an Israeli company (Sightec).The UDT portfolio clearly constitutes a very significant asset value  the latest fair value estimate  established in June 2022  corresponds to a cumulative valuation of around €9 million.As part of the action plan implemented  the gradual sale of all or part of the shareholdings constituting the UDT portfolio was decided  without haste  however  in order to maintain all the chances of obtaining the best possible price according to the opportunities. A mandate to this effect was signed at the beginning of the year with the Linkers bank.The timetable of the action plan provides that a first transaction  involving an amount of €1 million of disposal  should be completed before the end of the1st half of 2023.4 – The Delta Drone SA branch and its satellite companies in FranceAs a reminder  the Delta Drone SA branch consisted of the parent company Delta Drone as well as several French subsidiaries acting as support companies (Technidrone  Delta Drone Experts and Delta Drone Engineering). It specializes in the design and marketing of professional solutions dedicated to two sectors of activity: security and logistics.Technidrone: the entity's 9 employees were laid off in September 2022 (for a total cost of €229K) and the entire goodwill attributable to this subsidiary (€515K) was 100% impaired in the 2022 financial statements. Society is now dormant.Delta Drone Engineering: after being placed in safeguard by the Commercial Court of Nantes on August 31  2022  the company was finally put into liquidation on March 1  2023. These operations have led  either as a result of resignations or by way of redundancies  to the elimination of 14 employees' positions. The entire goodwill attributable to this subsidiary (€906K) was written down 100% in the 2022 financial statements. Similarly  the residual value of research and development expenses (assets recorded prior to the takeover of the company by the Delta Drone group) was fully depreciated  i.e. €1 478K.Delta Drone SA and Delta Drone Experts: during the year  the two companies saw their combined workforce decrease by 13 employees  11 of whom were redundant for an overall cost of approximately €300K.It should also be mentioned that the branch had integrated  during the 2022 financial year  the Belgian company Ab-Comtech  after the sale of its Solidbot systems (""surveillance trailers"") to Delta Drone. Therefore  without activity or personnel  the shareholders of Ab-Comtech decided to liquidate the company  under the Belgian legal and regulatory conditions. In terms of consolidation  goodwill recorded in the 2022 financial statements was depreciated to 100% of net value  representing an impact of €259K.In summary  the Delta Drone SA branch  now composed of 2 active entities (Delta Drone parent company and Delta Drone Experts)  should have only 14 employees at the end of June 2023  compared to 50 employees at the end of 2021. Reorganization costs (mainly redundancies) represented nearly €600K  recorded as expenses for the 2022 financial year. Finally  the full impairment of assets (goodwill and intangible assets) accounts for €2.9 million in the 2022 income statement.About Delta Drone : The Delta Drone group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR0014009LP0www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts:Aelium Jerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.13,0.5,True,English,"['Delta Drone', 'depth change', '2022 accounts', 'organization', 'IFRS IFRS IFRS IFRS TURNOVER', 'Delta Drone Human Tech business', 'The Delta Drone International branch', 'The Delta Drone SA branch', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'new Delta Drone configuration', 'existing Delta Drone systems', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'Other current operating income', 'Sichuan AEE Technology Group', 'Delta Drone Dardilly', 'Other business income', 'The UDT business', 'first-rate business partners', 'original economic model', 'deltadrone.com website', 'Other operating income', 'Other financial income', 'gross financial debt', 'financial equivalent income', 'positive cash flow', 'net financial debt', 'radical action plan', 'drone sector', 'branch closures', 'net income', 'The 2022 accounts', 'new governance', 'New advantages', 'CountBot systems', 'AEE range', 'income statement', 'operating costs', 'UDT portfolio', 'financial markets', '2022 financial statements', 'financial year', 'OPERATING RESULT', 'Net depreciation', 'Net provisions', 'depth change', 'second half', 'small caps', 'short term', 'drastic reorganization', 'divestment projects', 'commercial development', 'Christian Viguié', 'operational function', 'civilian drones', 'professional use', 'reduced workforce', 'logistics sectors', 'close partnership', 'exclusive distribution', 'leading groups', 'internationalization strategy', 'same time', 'non-recurring costs', 'Staff costs', 'INTEGRATED COMPANIES', 'press release', 'operational subsidiaries', 'important aspects', 'early January', 'cash position', 'domestic market', 'OPERATIONAL RESULT', 'capital scope', 'heavy impact', 'Tax expense', 'Chinese group', 'intangible assets', 'market value', 'disposal program', 'April', 'beginning', 'difficulties', 'collapse', 'liquidity', 'structure', '4 branches', 'subject', 'Details', 'disposals', 'question', 'quality', 'history', 'relationships', 'entities', 'terms', 'addition', 'Chairman', 'duties', 'remuneration', 'date', 'company', 'decision', 'implementation', 'lightening', 'agility', 'construction', '14 employees', 'concentration', 'security', 'Spotter', 'challenges', 'industrialization', 'reliability', 'products', 'solutions', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'record', 'China', 'line', 'reorganizations', 'layoffs', 'caution', 'importance', 'Summary', 'Purchases', 'changes', 'inventories', 'Taxes', 'expenses', 'EBITDA', 'amortization', 'depreciations', 'N/S', 'Share', 'associates', 'PROFIT', 'LOSS', 'www', '18 July', 'Rocketmine', 'order', 'end', 'December', 'balance', 'stake', '7']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
23097,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2648477/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-and-Shares.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares,REGULATED INFORMATION       Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares    Mont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  April 17  2023  10:30 pm CET...,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONInformation on the Total Number of Voting Rights and SharesMont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  April 17  2023  10:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm ET – In accordance with article 15 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels and Nasdaq: NYXH) publishes the below information following the issue of new shares.Share capital: EUR 4 923 807.45Total number of securities carrying voting rights: 28 661 985 (all ordinary shares)Total number of voting rights (= denominator): 28 661 985 (all relating to ordinary shares)Number of rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued:55 “2016 ESOP Warrants” issued on November 3  2016  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 27 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); 100 “2018 ESOP Warrants” issued on December 12  2018  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 50 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); 430 500 “2020 ESOP Warrants” issued on February 21  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 430 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); and 1 293 875 “2021 ESOP Warrants” issued on September 8  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 293 875 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); and 700 000 “2022 ESOP Warrants” issued on December 28  2022  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 700 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares).** *Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Information', 'Shares', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'English French', 'large shareholdings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Share capital', '55 “2016 ESOP Warrants', '100 “2018 ESOP Warrants', '2021 ESOP Warrants', '700,000 “2022 ESOP Warrants', 'Voting Rights', 'Total Number', 'new shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Nyxoah SA', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'David DeMartino', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'April', 'accordance', 'article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Nasdaq', 'NYXH', 'issue', 'securities', 'denominator', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'February', 'September', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '10:30', '4:30', '93,875']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23098,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/17/global-stocks-edge-lower-ahead-of-round-of-corporate-earnings-results/,Global stocks edge lower ahead of round of corporate earnings results,Euronext Dublin escaped the worst of it  outperforming international peers as it finished the day up 0.5 per cent,US stocks slipped after data on manufacturing activity supported the case for another interest rate increase in May. Photograph: Spencer Platt/GettyA gauge of global stocks edged lower for a second straight session but remained near two-month highs on Monday in advance of another round of corporate earnings results.DublinEuronext Dublin escaped the worst of it  outperforming international peers  as it finished the day up 0.5 per cent.It was a bad day at the office for the banks  however  with AIB and Bank of Ireland down 3 and 4 per cent respectively. “Volumes were reasonable and there was no stock specific news so seem to have just given up some recent gains ” noted a trader.Most of the other standout moves were into positive territory  with insulation specialist Kingspan up 2.5 per cent while box-maker Smurfit Kappa was up 2 per cent in line with peers.READ MOREThe airlines enjoyed a positive day  with EasyJet up 4.5 per cent and Ryanair up 1.8 per cent. Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group  meanwhile  finished the day up 2 per cent.Elsewhere  Kerry Group was up 2.5 per cent at close of business. “The company has had some massive moves in recent times  up 4 per cent in the past week and about 10 per cent over the past month ” a trader said.LondonThere was little excitement on London’s top index as shares remained largely unchanged on the day.The muted session came as small falls for the financial sector were outweighed by gains elsewhere  including for some of the retailers.By the end of the day  London’s FTSE 100 index had risen by just 0.1 per cent.Online retailer THG made what might be the day’s biggest splash as it revealed it had been approached by a potential buyer. Shares closed up close to 32 per cent after the business revealed that US buyout firm Apollo might be interested in a deal.Shares in John Wood Group also jumped  albeit just by 6 per cent  after it said that it was also engaging with Apollo over a potential deal.The biggest risers on the FTSE 100 were IAG  up 4.35p to 150.3p; RS Group  up 24.2p to 873.2p; Weir Group  up 45.5p to 1 937p; Ashtead  up 111p to 4 791p; and Ocado  up 12p to 522p.The biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 were Abrdn  down 5.1p to 202.6p; Barclays  down 3.6p to 154.28p; M &  down 4.1p to 195.9p; Prudential  down 24.0p to 1 145p; and Beazley  down 11.5p to 571.5p.[ European shares buoyed by positive earnings from major US banks ]EuropeOn the Continent  the pan-European Stoxx 600 index lost 0.05 per cent  while the MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.14 per cent.There were losses also for the Dax in Germany  which fell by 0.1 per cent  while France’s Cac 40 dropped 0.3 per cent. The euro fell 0.7 per cent against the dollar to $1.0917.New YorkUS stocks slipped after strong data on manufacturing activity in New York state supported the case for another interest rate increase in May  while investors awaited more quarterly reports to gauge the health of corporate America.State Street’s shares sank 11.9 per cent after the custodian bank’s first-quarter profit missed estimates  hurt by a fall in fee income due to the recent US banking crisis.Peers Northern Trust and Bank of New York Mellon shed 4.8 per cent and 6.9 per cent  respectively.At 11.38am eastern time  the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 0.12 per cent; the S&P 500 was down or 0.29 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite was down 0.4 per cent.Google parent  Alphabet  dropped 3.7 per cent after a report that Samsung was considering replacing Google with Microsoft Corp’s Bing as the default search engine on its devices. Microsoft’s shares rose 0.3 per cent.Prometheus Biosciences rallied 69.2 per cent on Merck’s plans to buy the biotech company for about $10.8 billion. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.23,0.09,0.67,True,English,"['corporate earnings results', 'Global stocks', 'round', 'Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'recent US banking crisis', 'interest rate increase', 'stock specific news', 'insulation specialist Kingspan', 'Online retailer THG', 'John Wood Group', '11.38am eastern time', 'default search engine', 'US buyout firm', 'second straight session', 'other standout moves', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'New York Mellon', 'corporate earnings results', 'Peers Northern Trust', 'New York state', 'major US banks', 'international peers', 'Google parent', 'Kerry Group', 'RS Group', 'Weir Group', 'recent times', 'US stocks', 'massive moves', 'muted session', 'positive earnings', 'corporate America', 'State Street', 'top index', 'recent gains', 'manufacturing activity', 'Spencer Platt/Getty', 'two-month highs', 'positive territory', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'past week', 'past month', 'little excitement', 'small falls', 'financial sector', 'biggest splash', 'potential buyer', 'biggest risers', 'biggest fallers', 'quarterly reports', 'first-quarter profit', 'fee income', 'S&P 500', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Prometheus Biosciences', 'Additional reporting', 'global stocks', 'FTSE 100 index', '0.1 per cent', '6 per cent', '6.9 per cent', 'Euronext Dublin', 'potential deal', 'strong data', 'Microsoft Corp', 'biotech company', 'custodian bank', 'bad day', 'positive day', 'European shares', '10 per', '32 per', '4.8 per', 'case', 'May', 'Photograph', 'gauge', 'Monday', 'advance', 'round', 'office', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'Volumes', 'trader', 'box-maker', 'READ', 'EasyJet', 'Ryanair', 'close', 'business', 'London', 'retailers', 'end', 'Apollo', 'IAG', 'Ashtead', 'Ocado', 'Abrdn', 'Barclays', 'Prudential', 'Beazley', 'Continent', 'MSCI', 'globe', 'losses', 'Dax', 'Germany', 'France', 'Cac', 'dollar', 'investors', 'health', 'estimates', 'Alphabet', 'Samsung', 'Bing', 'devices', 'Merck', 'plans', 'Agencies', '0.5', '0.05', '0.14']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,irishtimes.com
23099,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAM-INVESTMENTS-SPAC-B-V-124844122/news/VAM-Investments-SPAC-B-Press-Release-ndash-Annual-Financial-Report-2022-43523428/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,VAM Investments SPAC B : Press Release – Annual Financial Report 2022,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   VAM Investments SPAC B.V. Share Code: VAM   ISIN: NL0015000G40   Warrant Code: VAMW   ISIN: NL0015000G32   VAM Investments SPAC B.V. publishes its financial statements and its annual report 2022   ...…,"PRESS RELEASEVAM Investments SPAC B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) (Registration number: 82465207) Share Code: VAMISIN: NL0015000G40Warrant Code: VAMWISIN: NL0015000G32VAM Investments SPAC B.V. publishes its financial statements and its annual report 2022Milan  17 April 2023Today  VAM Investments SPAC B.V. (the ""Company"")  a special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  publishes its 2022 annual report  including the management report and the financial statements for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. The 2022 annual report can be obtained from the Company's website at www.vaminvestments-spac.com/investor-relations/.ENQUIRIESCarlo Di Biagio - carlo.dibiagio@vaminvestments-spac.com- +39 02 841 388 00IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONTHIS PRESS RELEASE MAY INCLUDE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  WHICH ARE BASED ON THE COMPANY'S CURRENT EXPECTATIONS AND PROJECTIONS ABOUT FUTURE EVENTS AND SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE HEREOF. BY THEIR NATURE  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS  UNCERTAINTIES  ASSUMPTIONS AND OTHER FACTORS BECAUSE THEY RELATE TO EVENTS AND DEPEND ON CIRCUMSTANCES THAT WILL OCCUR IN THE FUTURE WHETHER OR NOT OUTSIDE THE CONTROL OF THE COMPANY. SUCH FACTORS MAY CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS  PERFORMANCE OR DEVELOPMENTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. ACCORDINGLY  NO UNDUE RELIANCE SHOULD BE PLACED ON ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THE COMPANY OPERATES IN A RAPIDLY CHANGING ENVIRONMENT. NEW RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES EMERGE FROM TIME TO TIME  AND IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO PREDICT ALL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES  NOR TO ASSESS THE IMPACT THAT THESE FACTORS WILL HAVE ON THE COMPANY. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SPEAK ONLY AS AT THE DATE AT WHICH THEY ARE MADE AND THE COMPANY UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. FURTHER REFERENCE IS MADE TO THE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES REFERRED TO IN THE INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORTS.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['VAM Investments SPAC B', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Press Release', 'VAM Investments SPAC B.V.', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'RAPIDLY CHANGING ENVIRONMENT', 'INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORTS', 'Carlo Di Biagio', 'VAM ISIN', 'financial statements', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Registration number', 'Share Code', 'Warrant Code', 'VAMW ISIN', 'annual report', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'management report', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'CURRENT EXPECTATIONS', 'OTHER FACTORS', 'ACTUAL RESULTS', 'UNDUE RELIANCE', 'FURTHER REFERENCE', 'UNKNOWN RISKS', 'NEW RISKS', 'DATE HEREOF', 'UNCERTAINTIES EMERGE', 'FUTURE EVENTS', 'Netherlands', 'Milan', '17 April', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'website', 'vaminvestments', 'investor-relations', 'ENQUIRIES', 'dibiagio', 'SPEAK', 'NATURE', 'ASSUMPTIONS', 'DEPEND', 'CIRCUMSTANCES', 'CONTROL', 'PERFORMANCE', 'DEVELOPMENTS', 'MATERIALLY', 'TIME', 'IMPACT', 'OBLIGATION']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23100,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4115944.html,Accor partners with CBA and BNZ to offer greater benefits to members of ALL,Accor  the largest hotel operator in Australia and New Zealand  has partnered with Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Bank of New Zealand to provide even greater benefits  privileges and experiences to members of ALL – Accor Live Limitless  the free lifestyle…,Accor  the largest hotel operator in Australia and New Zealand  has partnered with Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Bank of New Zealand to provide even greater benefits  privileges and experiences to members of ALL – Accor Live Limitless  the free lifestyle loyalty programme of Accor.Members of ALL can now transfer their CommBank Awards and BNZ Rewards points into ALL Reward points to redeem for their next holiday or to unlock tickets to some of the most popular concerts  shows and sporting events.The program is powered by Ascenda  who enable premium rewards infrastructure for financial services brands across the globe.This offer creates greater fluidity between bank currencies and ALL Reward points  providing unmatched benefits to members of ALL. This new benefit means that members of ALL  who are also CommBank or Bank for New Zealand customers  can boost their Reward points to allow them to redeem hotel stays and other incredible experiences. Sarah Derry  Accor Pacific Chief Executive OfficerWe are very pleased to find a partner who shares our passion for delivering everyday rewards and recognition. As the largest credit card rewards program of any bank in Australia  CommBank Awards offers choice and flexibility – with no expiry on points. Earning Awards points with daily credit card purchases is easy  and we’re delighted that our customers can now transfer CommBank Awards points into ALL Reward points to book their next holiday.Commonwealth Bank of Australia spokespersonWe’ve been talking to our customers about the rewards they want  and they’ve shared that they’re very keen for more ways to spend their rewards  including more travel options. We’ve heard their feedback loud and clear  and we’re delighted to partner with Accor to give our customers new ways to fulfil their travel goals. Karna Luke - BNZ Executive  Customer Products and ServicesMembers can transfer CommBank Awards points at a rate of 5:1 (5 CommBank Awards points = 1 ALL Reward Points and Bank of New Zealand offers a 7:1 rate (700 BNZ Points = 100 ALL Reward Points).Special Offer: From now until 30 April 2023  members of ALL will receive 50% bonus Reward points when they transfer their CommBank Awards points. That's 1 500 Reward points for every 5 000 CommBank Awards points transferred  instead of the usual 1 000 Reward points.ALL – Accor Live Limitless is the free lifestyle loyalty programme of Accor that goes beyond hotels and offers. It delivers members truly spectacular experiences  privileges and rewards. Points can be earned on accommodation as well as at thousands of restaurants and bars throughout the Accor network  which can be used to redeem hotel stays and other experiences.Accor was the first hotel operator in the Pacific to reward their customer’s loyalty with exceptional partner benefits  which include the ability to boost Qantas Frequent Flyer points and the opportunity to attend world-class sporting and entertainment experiences at Accor Stadium and Qudos Bank Area in Sydney.For more information  visit ALL.comAbout ALL – Accor Live LimitlessALL – Accor Live Limitless is a booking platform and loyalty program that enhances the Accor experience during and beyond the hotel stay. Facilitating seamless connection to Accor hotels across 40+ hotel brands in 110 countries  ALL’s booking platform offers an unrivaled choice of stays at the best price  while the loyalty program provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences  notably with over 90 strategic partners. ALL helps members live their passions every day with over 2000 worldwide events  from local discoveries to the year’s biggest sporting and musical events and chef masterclasses. ALL – Accor Live Limitless is the loyalty program most awarded by travelers. Discover ALL at all.com.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['Accor partners', 'greater benefits', 'CBA', 'BNZ', 'members', 'Accor Pacific Chief Executive Officer', 'largest credit card rewards program', 'daily credit card purchases', 'Qantas Frequent Flyer points', 'world leading hospitality group', 'free lifestyle loyalty programme', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'largest hotel operator', '50% bonus Reward points', 'usual 1,000 Reward points', 'Earning Awards points', 'first hotel operator', 'premium rewards infrastructure', '40+ hotel brands', 'CommBank Awards points', 'Qudos Bank Area', 'ALL Reward points', 'financial services brands', 'exceptional partner benefits', 'other incredible experiences', 'BNZ Rewards points', 'New Zealand customers', 'BNZ Executive', '1,500 Reward points', '40 hotel brands', '700 BNZ Points', 'hotel stay', 'greater benefits', 'unmatched benefits', 'The Group', 'other experiences', 'new benefit', 'everyday rewards', 'next holiday', 'popular concerts', 'sporting events', 'greater fluidity', 'Sarah Derry', 'travel options', 'travel goals', 'Karna Luke', 'world-class sporting', 'booking platform', 'seamless connection', 'best price', 'wide variety', '90 strategic partners', '2000 worldwide events', 'local discoveries', 'biggest sporting', 'musical events', 'chef masterclasses', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'spectacular experiences', 'entertainment experiences', 'new ways', 'Commonwealth Bank', 'bank currencies', 'Customer Products', 'Special Offer', 'Accor network', 'Accor Stadium', 'Accor experience', 'unrivaled choice', 'Accor Live', 'Accor SA', 'Australia spokesperson', 'Accor hotels', 'stays', 'privileges', 'members', 'tickets', 'shows', 'Ascenda', 'globe', 'passion', 'recognition', 'flexibility', 'expiry', 'feedback', '7:1 rate', '30 April', 'offers', 'accommodation', 'thousands', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'ability', 'opportunity', 'Sydney', 'information', '110 countries', 'access', 'year', 'travelers', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'industry', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,hospitalitynet.org
23101,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CHARWOOD-ENERGY-139989539/news/Annual-Results-2022-43523528/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Annual Results 2022,"(marketscreener.com) Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance. For more information  visit https://charwood.energy/investisseurs/   Contacts CHARWOOD ENERGYinvestisseur@charwood.energy+33 2 97 26 46 30 A…","Charwood EnergyAnnual Results 202217-Apr-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseSaint-Nolff  17 April 2023Annual Results 2022:2022 results reflecting the investments necessary to support future growthStronger financial structure with the IPO on Euronext Growth ® Paris2027 targets confirmedCharwood Energy (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE)  a French specialist in customised biomass energy solutions  announces its 2022 full-year results.The annual financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 14 April 2023. These financial statements were audited  and the associated certification reports are currently being prepared. The annual financial report will be available on the company’s website by April 30 at the latest.(In thousands of euros) 2022 2021 Revenue 4 862 4 561 Other operating income 569 188 Purchases of raw materials (2 552) (1 787) External expenses (1 650) (910) Personnel expenses (1 518) (989) EBITDA [1] (317) 1 039 Depreciation  amortisation  and provisions (220) (159) Operating income/(loss) (537) 880 Net financial income (227) (60) Non-recurring items (1) (85) Income tax 1 055 (251) Consolidated net income 290 484 Net income (Group share) 319 560Adrien Haller  Founder and CEO of Charwood Energy  says:""2022 was a key year that enabled us to equip ourselves with the resources to build our future growth. The challenges of energy independence and the decarbonisation requirements that companies face are powerful catalysts that will support our markets in the coming years. With a successful IPO and the ongoing structuring of our teams  we have the means to seize the opportunities offered by the potential of these markets in France and internationally and to execute our roadmap to achieve our ambitions. ""Sustained sales momentum in 2022In 2022  Charwood Energy enjoyed strong sales momentum with the roll-out of new projects on behalf of third parties  despite a delay in the implementation of certain biomass power plant projects  now set for 2023.Third party projects that characterised 2022 in particular are:A first international pyrogasification project with the deployment in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) of a cogeneration plant as part of the European FORETS development project;The installation of a modular prefabricated boiler room integrating two biomass boilers to reduce dependence on fossil gas in the Malterie de Bretagne;The commissioning of a 4.7MW wood-based urban heating network for ENGIE Solutions;The signing of a hygienisation unit  coupled with a biomass heater for a biogas production site using methanisation in Normandy  which will be delivered in 2023;The signing of a biomass heating system  paired with a heating network  for a poultry farm in the Sarthe region  also delivered this year.In terms of activity for own account  the market plan was confirmed with  on 31 December 2022  5 plants under development  in line with the target announced at the time of the IPO  and the first revenues from the gradual commissioning of these plants expected in 2023.Overall  revenue amounted to €4.9m in 2022 vs. €4.6m in 2021.A strengthening of the operational structureTo prepare for its future growth  Charwood Energy has structured its teams across all key functions  increasing its workforce from 25 people in 2021 to 40 people in 2022.As part of this structuring  the Group appointed a Chief Administrative and Financial Officer  Pierre-Yves Lefebvre  who has more than 30 years' experience in accounting and finance at French subsidiaries of international groups  innovative French companies with an international scope  especially in the renewable energy sector and including a number of listed companies on the stock exchange.In addition  Charwood Energy co-opted Marc-Etienne Mercadier  representative of the Eiffel Gaz Vert fund  a shareholder of the company  as a director. His 15 years of experience in financing the energy transition will be a valuable asset in the company's development.Finally  Charwood Energy invested in its production tool by expanding its manufacturing workshops in Saint-Nolff  Brittany  by 700 m²  and acquiring machine tools in order to facilitate the ramp-up of its projects.Results in line with investments necessary to support future growthIn 2022  all expenses increased compared to 2021  reflecting  on the one hand  the structuring of human and operational resources  and on the other  the ramp-up of projects for own account and on behalf of third parties to be delivered in 2023 and beyond.In this context of intensifying its investment policy to prepare for its future growth  Charwood Energy posted a negative EBITDA of €(0.3m) vs. positive EBITDA of €1.0m in 2021.After recognition of financial income and the activation of a deferred tax asset amounting to €1.1m  Charwood Energy recorded net income  Group share of €0.3m.A stronger financial structure after the IPOAs of 31 December 2022  the financial structure after integration of the proceeds of the initial public offering carried out in July showed:Shareholders’ equity up €10.6m (vs. €0.89m at 31 December 2021);Financial debt dropped to €1.6m vs. €2.0m at 31 December 2021;Gross cash of €6.4m vs. €1.5m at 31 December 2021.During its IPO on Euronext Growth®  Charwood Energy carried out a capital increase for a total gross amount of €12.4m  of which €8.5m subscribed for by Eiffel Gaz Vert by offsetting receivables and €3.9m in cash.Medium-term targets confirmedCharwood Energy's activity benefits from favourable structural and economic factors  which are powerful accelerators of its development in France and on international markets.In this promising environment  Charwood Energy is confidently reaffirming its medium-term targets  i.e. by 2027  revenue of €100m  and 50 power plants owned  in operation or under construction  representing an ARR [2] of around €90m.Next publication: Half 2023 revenue on 11 September 2023  after market.About Charwood EnergyConvinced that biomass is a key response to the challenges of the energy transition  Charwood Energy designs  installs and maintains tailored solutions for the production of biomass renewable energy.Charwood Energy has a wealth of technical know-how and expertise in all biomass recovery technologies - heating and heating networks  methanisation and pyrogasification.Positioned since 2019 in the promising area of pyrogasification technology  Charwood Energy is now also involved in the development and operation of proprietary pyrogasification units aiming to produce and sell green gas (syngaz)  biochar and carbon credits to industrial customers under direct purchasing contracts.The company is listed on Euronext Growth® Paris (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information  visit https://charwood.energy/investisseurs/ContactsCHARWOOD ENERGYinvestisseur@charwood.energy+33 (0)2 97 26 46 30 ACTIFINInvestor RelationsGhislaine Gasparettocharwood@actifin.fr+33 (0)1 56 88 11 22 ACTIFINPress RelationsMichael Scholzemichael.scholze@actifin.fr+33 (0)1 56 88 11 14",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Results', '4.7MW wood-based urban heating network', 'modular prefabricated boiler room', 'Eiffel Gaz Vert fund', 'European FORETS development project', 'first international pyrogasification project', 'biomass power plant projects', 'biomass heating system', 'associated certification reports', 'two biomass boilers', 'Malterie de Bretagne', 'French Regulatory News', 'biogas production site', 'Stronger financial structure', 'renewable energy sector', 'annual financial report', 'strong sales momentum', 'deferred tax asset', 'Other operating income', 'Consolidated net income', 'biomass energy solutions', 'annual financial statements', 'Third party projects', 'Net financial income', 'innovative French companies', 'cogeneration plant', 'biomass heater', 'first revenues', 'Income tax', 'operational structure', 'international groups', 'international scope', 'Financial Officer', 'French specialist', 'ENGIE Solutions', 'French subsidiaries', 'valuable asset', 'production tool', 'third parties', 'new projects', 'Charwood Energy', 'energy independence', 'energy transition', 'Annual Results', 'Press release', 'future growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'raw materials', 'Non-recurring items', 'Adrien Haller', 'key year', 'decarbonisation requirements', 'powerful catalysts', 'ongoing structuring', 'Democratic Republic', 'fossil gas', 'hygienisation unit', 'poultry farm', 'Sarthe region', 'market plan', 'key functions', 'Chief Administrative', 'Pierre-Yves Lefebvre', 'stock exchange', 'Marc-Etienne Mercadier', 'manufacturing workshops', 'machine tools', 'one hand', 'investment policy', 'EQS Group', 'Group share', 'External expenses', 'Personnel expenses', 'coming years', 'negative EBITDA', 'positive EBITDA', '2022 full-year results', 'gradual commissioning', 'operational resources', 'successful IPO', ""30 years' experience"", '15 years', '2022 results', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Saint-Nolff', '17 April', 'investments', '2027 targets', 'ticker', 'ALCWE', 'Board', 'Directors', '14 April', 'company', 'website', 'thousands', 'euros', 'Purchases', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'provisions', 'loss', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'challenges', 'markets', 'teams', 'means', 'opportunities', 'potential', 'France', 'roadmap', 'ambitions', 'roll', 'behalf', 'delay', 'implementation', 'deployment', 'Congo', 'DRC', 'installation', 'signing', 'methanisation', 'Normandy', 'terms', 'activity', 'account', '31 December', '5 plants', 'line', 'time', 'strengthening', 'workforce', '25 people', '40 people', 'finance', 'number', 'addition', 'representative', 'shareholder', 'Brittany', '700 m', 'order', 'ramp-up', 'human', 'context', 'recognition', 'activation']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23102,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Presents-Preclinical-Data-on-TALEN-edited-MUC1-CAR-T-cells-to-Enhance-Efficacy-in-Targeti-43517792/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Cellectis Presents Preclinical Data on TALEN®-edited MUC1 CAR T-cells to Enhance Efficacy in Targeting Triple Negative Breast Cancer at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  April 17  2023 -- Cellectis   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today released preclinical data on TALEN®-edited MUC1 CAR T-cells at…,NEW YORK  April 17  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today released preclinical data on TALEN®-edited MUC1 CAR T-cells at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2023. The data showed the capability of armored allogeneic MUC1 CAR T-cells to excel in the immune suppressive tumor micro-environment suggesting that they could be an effective option in treating relapsed and refractory triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) patients with limited therapeutic options.Tumor-associated MUC1 antigen is overexpressed in a large number of TNBC patients offering an effective discriminatory target for CAR T-cell therapy.Cellectis’ MUC1 CAR T-cells are allogeneic and target Mucin 1 for TNBC and a variety of epithelial cancers. As other solid tumor targets can be plagued by safety concerns due to off-tumor expression  MUC1 is of high interest as its expression in normal epithelium is restricted to apical membranes. Additionally  MUC1 heavy glycosylation in normal tissue contrasts with Cellectis’ MUC1 CAR that is designed to recognize hypoglycosylated MUC1 present in cancer cells. Cellectis’ MUC1 CAR T-cells incorporate up to four TALEN®-mediated knockouts and two knock-ins.“We are very excited to share these encouraging preclinical data at AACR that dissect how different attributes (knock-out or knock-in) contribute to the efficacy of our CAR T-cell product candidate ” said Laurent Poirot  Ph.D.  Senior Vice President Immunology at Cellectis. “We are convinced that allogeneic MUC1 CART-cells can be an effective option in the treatment of relapsed and refractory triple negative breast cancer.”The poster presentation at AACR highlights the following preclinical data:Intratumoral delivery of antigen-specific CAR T-cells resulted in effective control of tumor growth.Results demonstrate superior activity of armored MUC1-CAR T-cells not only in tumor clearance but also in the recovery of normal glands.Thus  innovative strategies can be used to allow CAR T-cell efficiency in the hostile tumor microenvironment while preserving safety.Title: Deciphering the benefits of variable delivery routes and molecular armoring to enhance efficacy of MUC1-CAR T-cells in targeting triple-negative breast cancerSession Title: Adoptive Cell Therapy 1Presenter: Piril  Erler  Ph.D.  Scientist II  Immuno-Oncology  CellectisSession Date and time: Sunday  April 16  2023  1:30-5:00 PM ETLocation: Section 37Poster Board Number: 14Abstract Presentation Number: 899Poster of the presentation is available on Cellectis’ website: https://www.cellectis.com/en/investors/scientific-presentations/About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about the potential of our preclinical programs. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.23,0.18,0.59,True,English,"['®-edited MUC1 CAR T-cells', 'Triple Negative Breast Cancer', 'AACR) Annual Meeting', 'Cancer Research', 'Preclinical Data', 'American Association', 'Cellectis', 'Efficacy', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'refractory triple negative breast cancer', 'triple-negative breast cancer Session Title', 'armored allogeneic MUC1 CAR T-cells', 'four TALEN®-mediated knockouts', 'Senior Vice President Immunology', 'other solid tumor targets', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'many other important factors', 'CAR T-cell product candidate', 'immune suppressive tumor micro-environment', 'Cellectis’ MUC1 CAR T-cells', 'applicable securities laws', 'armored MUC1-CAR T-cells', 'CAR T-cell therapy', 'CAR T-cell efficiency', 'antigen-specific CAR T-cells', 'life-changing product candidates', 'product development plans', 'allogeneic MUC1 CART-cells', 'Tumor-associated MUC1 antigen', 'MUC1 heavy glycosylation', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'unmet medical needs', 'Cellectis Session Date', 'hostile tumor microenvironment', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'limited therapeutic options', 'variable delivery routes', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'normal tissue contrasts', 'Adoptive Cell Therapy', 'effective discriminatory target', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'encouraging preclinical data', 'following preclinical data', 'gene editing technology', 'Poster Board Number', 'Abstract Presentation Number', 'AACR) Annual Meeting', 'cancer cells', 'Cancer Research', 'cancer patients', 'immune system', 'allogeneic approach', 'hypoglycosylated MUC1', 'tumor growth', 'tumor clearance', 'therapeutic gene', 'large number', 'Intratumoral delivery', 'preclinical programs', 'operating plans', 'Annual Report', 'life-saving cell', 'tumor expression', 'normal epithelium', 'normal glands', 'various factors', 'effective option', 'effective control', 'gene therapies', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'American Association', 'epithelial cancers', 'high interest', 'apical membranes', 'two knock-ins', 'different attributes', 'Laurent Poirot', 'Ph.D.', 'poster presentation', 'superior activity', 'innovative strategies', 'molecular armoring', 'Scientist II', '1:30-5:00 PM', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'North Carolina', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'numerous risks', 'cash runway', 'Form 20-F', 'financial report', 'Cellectis’ website', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'TNBC) patients', 'TNBC patients', 'safety concerns', 'various diseases', 'management report', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', '®-edited', 'capability', 'relapsed', 'Mucin', 'variety', 'efficacy', 'treatment', 'Results', 'recovery', 'benefits', 'Presenter', 'Piril', 'Erler', 'Immuno-Oncology', 'time', 'Sunday', 'April', 'Location', 'Section 37', 'investors', 'scientific-presentations', 'concept', 'shelf', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'Raleigh', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'assumptions', 'information', 'potential', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'respect']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23103,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/WENDEL-Wendel-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-with-the-intent-to-acquire-the-Scalian-Group-a-le-43518134/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,WENDEL: Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group  a leading European consulting firm in digital transformation  project management and operational performance,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE – APRIL 17  2023 Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group  a leading European consulting firm in digital transformation  project management and operational performance Wendel ann…,"PRESS RELEASE – APRIL 17  2023Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group a leading European consulting firm in digital transformation  project management and operational performanceWendel (Euronext: MF.FP) announces entering into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group for an enterprise value of €965 million. As part of this transaction  Wendel could invest up to around €550 million in equity alongside the management team and could hold a large majority stake of the company's capital. Subject to the ongoing process and satisfaction of the conditions to closing  including obtaining regulatory clearances  the transaction is expected to be finalized in the second half of 2023.Founded in 1989  Scalian is ranked among France's Top 10 engineering consulting firms  is also active internationally  providing industrial project management services for issues pertaining to supply chain (costs  quality  deadlines  performance)  the architecture and development of embedded digital systems and information system applications  big data and AI. Scalian also addresses project optimization and organizational performance issues  as well as providing digital transformation support for industry and service sector leaders.The group expects to reach c. €510 million in revenue  an adjusted EBITDA1 of c. €74 million as of June 2023 LTM  and will total c. 5 000 employees in nine countries at this date.Since 2015  the company has delivered average annual growth of around +30% of its revenues  including +12% of organic growth  amplified by a selective external growth strategy  in France and internationally  with nine acquisitions completed over the same period.Scalian has implemented a ESG policy having resulted in several certifications (ISO 9100  9001 14001  27001). The Group has obtained an Ecovadis silver medal in 2022 and has the ambition to further develop its ESG approach by 2025.Laurent Mignon  Wendel Group CEO  commented: ""We are looking forward to welcoming a company of Scalian’s caliber to support it in its new step of its journey  working alongside its skilled teams. Wendel will be an active partner for Scalian  contributing its recognized expertise in developing global leaders in business services  through both organic and external growth.We share the ambition of its leader  Yvan Chabanne  of unlocking the company’s full value creation potential in Europe and North America and making it an international leader in its field. Scalian's highly entrepreneurial culture and its recognized ESG performance are fully in line with Wendel's values.This majority investment by Wendel in an unlisted company will be fully in line with the strategic roadmap we announced a few weeks ago  including the ambition to invest two billion euros over the next twenty-four months.""Yvan Chabanne  CEO of Scalian Group  commented: ""In line with our ambitious strategy to reach €1.5 billion in revenue by 2028  Scalian is looking forward to partnering with Wendel as its future reference shareholder. The full scope of global industrial and ESG challenges requires a trusted partner with a long-term vision. Wendel's new strategic directions  coupled with its rich experience and international footprint  will undoubtedly accelerate our development journey alongside our customers and our teams. This partnership project could help Scalian in positioning among the world leaders in management consulting and digital technologies. We are delighted by this prospect shared in the same entrepreneurial mindset.""---AgendaApril 27th  2023Q1 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (after-market release)---June 15th  2023Annual General Meeting---July 27th  2023H1 2023 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (after-market release)---October 26th  2023Q3 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (after-market release)---December 7th  20232023 Investor Day---About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of ‘Grand Mécène de la Culture’ in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroup1 Adjusted EBITDA after IFRS 16 calculated according to Wendel's usual methodology.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['leading European consulting firm', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Scalian Group', 'digital transformation', 'project management', 'operational performance', 'WENDEL', 'intent', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Top 10 engineering consulting firms', 'leading European consulting firm', 'leading listed investment firms', 'full value creation potential', 'selective external growth strategy', 'industrial project management services', 'information system applications', 'Ecovadis silver medal', 'two billion euros', 'next twenty-four months', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', 'large majority stake', 'embedded digital systems', 'future reference shareholder', 'same entrepreneurial mindset', 'average annual growth', 'digital transformation support', 'service sector leaders', 'new strategic directions', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'long-term development strategies', 'organizational performance issues', 'operational performance Wendel', 'management consulting', 'majority investment', 'Wendel Group CEO', 'enterprise value', 'business services', 'ambitious strategy', 'full scope', 'global industrial', 'management team', 'project optimization', 'same period', 'new step', 'strategic roadmap', 'partnership project', 'digital technologies', 'significant shareholder', 'long-term vision', 'long-term patronage', 'ESG performance', 'market release', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'exclusive negotiations', 'ongoing process', 'regulatory clearances', 'second half', 'supply chain', 'big data', 'nine countries', 'nine acquisitions', 'ESG policy', 'several certifications', 'The Group', 'ESG approach', 'Laurent Mignon', 'active partner', 'global leaders', 'Yvan Chabanne', 'North America', 'ESG challenges', 'trusted partner', 'rich experience', 'international footprint', 'world leaders', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'organic growth', 'portfolio companies', 'Wendel Growth', 'skilled teams', 'international leader', 'development journey', 'Euronext Paris', 'Wendel Lab', 'Scalian Group', 'unlisted company', 'APRIL', 'intent', 'MF.', 'FP', 'transaction', 'equity', 'capital', 'satisfaction', 'conditions', 'France', 'costs', 'quality', 'deadlines', 'architecture', 'industry', 'revenue', 'EBITDA1', 'June', 'LTM', '5,000 employees', 'ambition', 'caliber', 'recognized', 'expertise', 'field', 'culture', 'values', 'customers', 'prospect', 'Agenda', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'March', 'July', 'October', 'September', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23104,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2647579/0/en/WENDEL-Wendel-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-with-the-intent-to-acquire-the-Scalian-Group-a-leading-European-consulting-firm-in-digital-transformation-project-management-and-op.html,WENDEL: Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group  a leading European consulting firm in digital transformation  project management and operational performance,PRESS RELEASE – APRIL 17  2023   Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group    a leading European...,"English FrenchPRESS RELEASE – APRIL 17  2023Wendel enters into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group a leading European consulting firm in digital transformation  project management and operational performanceWendel (Euronext: MF.FP) announces entering into exclusive negotiations with the intent to acquire the Scalian Group for an enterprise value of €965 million. As part of this transaction  Wendel could invest up to around €550 million in equity alongside the management team and could hold a large majority stake of the company's capital. Subject to the ongoing process and satisfaction of the conditions to closing  including obtaining regulatory clearances  the transaction is expected to be finalized in the second half of 2023.Founded in 1989  Scalian is ranked among France's Top 10 engineering consulting firms  is also active internationally  providing industrial project management services for issues pertaining to supply chain (costs  quality  deadlines  performance)  the architecture and development of embedded digital systems and information system applications  big data and AI. Scalian also addresses project optimization and organizational performance issues  as well as providing digital transformation support for industry and service sector leaders.The group expects to reach c. €510 million in revenue  an adjusted EBITDA1 of c. €74 million as of June 2023 LTM  and will total c. 5 000 employees in nine countries at this date.Since 2015  the company has delivered average annual growth of around +30% of its revenues  including +12% of organic growth  amplified by a selective external growth strategy  in France and internationally  with nine acquisitions completed over the same period.Scalian has implemented a ESG policy having resulted in several certifications (ISO 9100  9001 14001  27001). The Group has obtained an Ecovadis silver medal in 2022 and has the ambition to further develop its ESG approach by 2025.Laurent Mignon  Wendel Group CEO  commented: ""We are looking forward to welcoming a company of Scalian’s caliber to support it in its new step of its journey  working alongside its skilled teams. Wendel will be an active partner for Scalian  contributing its recognized expertise in developing global leaders in business services  through both organic and external growth.We share the ambition of its leader  Yvan Chabanne  of unlocking the company’s full value creation potential in Europe and North America and making it an international leader in its field. Scalian's highly entrepreneurial culture and its recognized ESG performance are fully in line with Wendel's values.This majority investment by Wendel in an unlisted company will be fully in line with the strategic roadmap we announced a few weeks ago  including the ambition to invest two billion euros over the next twenty-four months.""Yvan Chabanne  CEO of Scalian Group  commented: ""In line with our ambitious strategy to reach €1.5 billion in revenue by 2028  Scalian is looking forward to partnering with Wendel as its future reference shareholder. The full scope of global industrial and ESG challenges requires a trusted partner with a long-term vision. Wendel's new strategic directions  coupled with its rich experience and international footprint  will undoubtedly accelerate our development journey alongside our customers and our teams. This partnership project could help Scalian in positioning among the world leaders in management consulting and digital technologies. We are delighted by this prospect shared in the same entrepreneurial mindset.""---AgendaApril 27th  2023Q1 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (after-market release)---June 15th  2023Annual General Meeting---July 27th  2023H1 2023 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (after-market release)---October 26th  2023Q3 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (after-market release)---December 7th  20232023 Investor Day---About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of ‘Grand Mécène de la Culture’ in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroup1 Adjusted EBITDA after IFRS 16 calculated according to Wendel's usual methodology.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.21,0.02,True,English,"['leading European consulting firm', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Scalian Group', 'digital transformation', 'project management', 'operational performance', 'WENDEL', 'intent', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Top 10 engineering consulting firms', 'leading European consulting firm', 'leading listed investment firms', 'full value creation potential', 'selective external growth strategy', 'industrial project management services', 'information system applications', 'Ecovadis silver medal', 'two billion euros', 'next twenty-four months', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', 'large majority stake', 'embedded digital systems', 'future reference shareholder', 'same entrepreneurial mindset', 'average annual growth', 'digital transformation support', 'service sector leaders', 'new strategic directions', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'long-term development strategies', 'organizational performance issues', 'operational performance Wendel', 'management consulting', 'majority investment', 'Wendel Group CEO', 'enterprise value', 'business services', 'ambitious strategy', 'full scope', 'global industrial', 'management team', 'project optimization', 'same period', 'new step', 'strategic roadmap', 'long-term vision', 'partnership project', 'digital technologies', 'significant shareholder', 'ESG performance', 'market release', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'exclusive negotiations', 'ongoing process', 'regulatory clearances', 'second half', 'supply chain', 'big data', 'nine countries', 'nine acquisitions', 'ESG policy', 'several certifications', 'The Group', 'ESG approach', 'Laurent Mignon', 'active partner', 'global leaders', 'Yvan Chabanne', 'North America', 'ESG challenges', 'trusted partner', 'rich experience', 'international footprint', 'world leaders', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'organic growth', 'portfolio companies', 'Wendel Growth', 'skilled teams', 'international leader', 'development journey', 'Euronext Paris', 'Wendel Lab', 'Scalian Group', 'unlisted company', 'APRIL', 'intent', 'MF.', 'FP', 'transaction', 'equity', 'capital', 'satisfaction', 'conditions', 'France', 'costs', 'quality', 'deadlines', 'architecture', 'industry', 'revenue', 'EBITDA1', 'June', 'LTM', '5,000 employees', 'ambition', 'caliber', 'recognized', 'expertise', 'field', 'culture', 'values', 'customers', 'prospect', 'Agenda', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'March', 'July', 'October', 'September', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23105,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-Achieves-Leader-Position-in-2023-SPARK-Matrix-for-Customer-Communications-Management-43523388/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Quadient Achieves Leader Position in 2023 SPARK Matrix for Customer Communications Management,(marketscreener.com) The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions SPARK Matrix™ provides competitive analysis and ranking of leading Customer Communication Management vendorsQuadient  with its comprehensive technology and customer experience management  received strong r…,The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions SPARK Matrix™ provides competitive analysis and ranking of leading Customer Communication Management vendorsQuadient  with its comprehensive technology and customer experience management  received strong ratings across the parameters of technology excellence and customer impactParis  April 17  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announced today that it has been named by Quadrant Knowledge Solutions as a 2023 technology leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management  2023.The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions’ SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management (CCM) market research report includes a detailed global market analysis of major CCM vendors. The research comprises the features and functionalities of different CCM solutions  including Quadient Inspire Flex and Inspire Evolve  as well as competitive differentiating factors. Key differentiators of Quadient Inspire include customer engagement and experience capabilities  hybrid deployment options  the capability to simplify and automate communication processes  single screen preview capability and integrations of CCM to customer experience (CX) initiatives via customer journey mapping technology  according to the report.“Quadient’s customer communication management platform provides a complete end-to-end solution  from design to delivery and tracking to archiving content  data  and history ” said Prakhar Bansal  analyst  at Quadrant Knowledge Solutions. “Additionally  the platform provides a single architecture for all cloud  on-prem  hybrid  hosted and other deployment options. Quadient is capable of catering to diverse customer needs across industry verticals  with its comprehensive capabilities  compelling customer references  comprehensive roadmap and vision  and product suite with high scalability. Quadient has received strong ratings across technology excellence and customer impact and has been positioned as a leader in the SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management  2023.”Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  at Quadient  said  “Quadrant Knowledge Solutions defines CCM as a platform that includes an integrated suite of solutions to create  manage  deliver  store  and retrieve inbound and outbound communications to ensure a consistent and personalized customer experience across different communication channels and touchpoints. Our integrated offer enables organizations to perform strategic communication planning and track performances to minimize communication risks and proactively make informed communication decisions in alignment with business needs  improving the overall customer experience.”Quadient Inspire is part of Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation platform that empowers organizations to respond to market  regulatory and customer experience changes  transforming their communication flows to offer elevated experiences through multiple channels. To download a complimentary copy of the 2023 SPARK Matrix report on CCM  visit https://www.quadient.com/en/resources/quadient-positions-leader-spark-matrix-customer-communication-management-2023.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About Quadrant Knowledge SolutionsQuadrant Knowledge Solutions is a global advisory and consulting firm focused on helping clients in achieving business transformation goals with Strategic Business and Growth advisory services. At Quadrant Knowledge Solutions  our vision is to become an integral part of our client’s business as a strategic knowledge partner. Our research and consulting deliverables are designed to provide comprehensive information and strategic insights for helping clients formulate growth strategies to survive and thrive in ever-changing business environments.For more available research  please visit https://quadrant-solutions.com/market-research/.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comQuadrant Knowledge SolutionsRiya Meharrmehar@quadrant-solutions.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Customer Communications Management', 'Quadient Achieves', 'Leader Position', 'SPARK Matrix', '2023', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions SPARK Matrix™', 'leading Customer Communication Management vendors', 'detailed global market analysis', 'At Quadrant Knowledge Solutions', 'three key solution areas', 'single screen preview capability', 'customer journey mapping technology', 'Intelligent Communication Automation platform', 'customer communication management platform', 'CCM) market research report', 'customer experience management', 'major CCM vendors', '2023 SPARK Matrix report', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'informed communication decisions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'other deployment options', 'compelling customer references', 'chief solution officer', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'strategic knowledge partner', 'personalized customer experience', 'overall customer experience', 'customer experience changes', 'strategic communication planning', 'competitive differentiating factors', 'hybrid deployment options', 'diverse customer needs', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'different communication channels', 'different CCM solutions', 'business transformation goals', 'changing business environments', 'customer experience excellence', 'Growth advisory services', 'global advisory', 'Quadient Inspire Flex', 'competitive analysis', 'market, regulatory', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'communication processes', 'communication risks', 'communication flows', 'customer impact', 'Key differentiators', 'customer engagement', 'end solution', 'single architecture', 'technology excellence', 'experience capabilities', 'business needs', 'Strategic Business', 'prem, hybrid', 'elevated experiences', 'strategic insights', 'growth strategies', 'comprehensive technology', 'physical channels', 'multiple channels', 'Inspire Evolve', 'strong ratings', 'complete end', 'Prakhar Bansal', 'industry verticals', 'comprehensive capabilities', 'comprehensive roadmap', 'product suite', 'high scalability', 'Chris Hartigan', 'integrated suite', 'integrated offer', 'complimentary copy', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'consulting firm', 'consulting deliverables', 'available research', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Riya Mehar', '2023 technology leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'outbound communications', 'comprehensive information', 'integral part', 'Quadient®', 'ranking', 'parameters', 'April', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'digital', 'features', 'functionalities', 'integrations', 'design', 'delivery', 'tracking', 'content', 'data', 'history', 'analyst', 'cloud', 'vision', 'inbound', 'consistent', 'touchpoints', 'organizations', 'performances', 'alignment', 'quadient-positions-leader-spark-matrix-customer-communication-management', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'Small', 'clients', 'quadrant-solutions', 'market-research', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'rmehar', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23106,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://www.thefutoncritic.com/news/2023/04/17/fox-alternative-entertainment-unveils-two-new-third-party-series-created-under-companys-international-unscripted-format-fund-425412/20230417fox01/,Breaking News - FOX Alternative Entertainment Unveils Two New Third-Party Series Created Under Company's International Unscripted Format Fund,"On tap are the celebrity competition ""Beat My Mini-Mes"" (working title) for TF1 in France and the dating program ""Marriage Market"" (working title) for Germany's ProSieben.","FOX ALTERNATIVE ENTERTAINMENT UNVEILS TWO NEW THIRD-PARTY SERIES CREATED UNDER COMPANY'S INTERNATIONAL UNSCRIPTED FORMAT FUND FAE to Co-Produce Celebrity Competition Beat My Mini-Mes (working title) with TF1 in France and Dating Reality-Social Experiment Marriage Market (working title) with Germany's ProSieben FOX Alternative Entertainment (FAE)  FOX Entertainment's in-house unscripted studio  today unveiled two new series created by the company under its International Unscripted Format Fund -- the celebrity competition Beat My Mini-Mes (working title) for TF1 in France and the dating program Marriage Market (working title) for Germany's ProSieben. The announcement was made today by Allison Wallach  President  Unscripted Programming  of FOX Entertainment. Jointly developed by FAE and TF1  Beat My Mini-Mes is a big studio competition series where celebrity singers face off while surrounded by talented children who are all wearing the same outfit as they are  like mini-mes. After multiple rounds of stunning and hypnotizing performances  only one kid will help their team be crowned the winner. Co-produced by TF1 Production and FAE  Beat My Mini-Mes will premiere later this year. Marriage Market is a dating reality series and a social experiment that sees parents select their child's husband or wife in a dedicated market where other parents have decorated booths according to their own kid's personality. The parents and newly introduced couple then live all together in a house  where the kids get to know each other under the close watch of their parents. Premiering in the second half of this year (TBC) on ProSieben and on Joyn  Marriage Market was developed by FAE and ProSieben  which will produce with Cheerio Entertainment  a Seven.One Studios company. Created and financed by FOX  both the Beat My Mini-Mes and Marriage Market formats are owned and distributed by FOX Alternative Entertainment. ""We specifically designed this Format Fund to partner with international buyers to identify  develop and introduce new programs that expand FAE's slate of owned content and  in success  serve as a platform for future success on FOX in the U.S. "" said Wallach. ""In Beat My Mini-Mes and TF1  and Marriage Market and ProSieben  we have the perfect combination of what we're striving for with this initiative -- unique formats with unlimited potential on a global scale and great partners with an impressive track record of innovation."" ""We are thrilled to bring Beat My Mini-Mes to our viewers. I am totally convinced this fresh and original show has a perfect family co-viewing purpose for our entertainment prime time slots. And what a great collaboration with FOX! Pooling our creative resources has allowed us to produce a rarely seen amazing and impressive show "" said Julien Degroote  Executive Vice President  Content Development  TF1 Group. Hannes Hiller  Senior Vice President for Content Development at ProSieben and SAT.1  added  ""Marriage Market gives the dating genre a fresh  special twist: the idea of having parents or family members look for partners for their children is as provocative as it is exciting. We are proud to produce the new FOX Alternative Entertainment reality show Marriage Market in an unprecedented partnership for Joyn and ProSieben. This great creative exchange with the US colleagues offers completely new possibilities for the formats market."" As part of FOX Entertainment's strategy to build and diversify its portfolio of content and revenue streams  in 2021 FAE launched the International Unscripted Format Fund to identify intellectual property for the global market. The fund invests in and develops internationally originated unscripted program concepts ranging from reality-competition and variety series to dating and other genres for provincial networks and platforms. In providing local broadcasters cost-effective programming  FAE will co-produce series selected by the fund with each series' partner. Other series originating from the Fund include The Big Deal for Ireland's Virgin Media Television in partnership with Dublin-based BiggerStage and the celebrity performance competition The Masterpiece (international format: Celebrity Masterpiece) for Workpoint in Thailand. ABOUT TF1 GROUP TF1 Group is a major player in the production  publication and distribution of content. Our raison d'être: to positively inspire society. Our operations are split between two divisions: The Media division is home to our free-to-air channels (TF1  TMC  TFX  TF1 Séries Films  LCI)  our theme channels (Ushuaia TV  Histoire TV  TV Breizh  Série Club)  our on-demand content platforms (MYTF1  TFOU MAX and Salto)  and the TF1 PUB advertising airtime sales house. We also operate in music production and live shows with Muzeek One. The Production division  with Newen Studios  is home to more than 50 creative companies and labels in France and abroad. The division creates and distributes programmes across all genres and for all media industry players  from public-service and private-sector broadcasters to online platforms. TF1 group has operations in around 10 countries and employed 2 810 people as of 31 December 2022. In 2022  the Group generated revenue of €2 508m (Euronext Paris  compartment A: ISIN FR0000054900). ABOUT PROSIEBEN ProSieben is Germany's most popular TV brand and stands for entertainment like no other station. It's not for nothing that the claim is: We love to entertain you. Since 1988  ProSieben has been delighting young viewers in particular (ages 14-49) with top blockbusters  U.S. series  established infotainment formats from the areas of current affairs  lifestyle  reportage or knowledge  and some of the most successful and popular TV shows in the country  such as ""The Masked Singer "" ""Germany's Next Top Model - by Heidi Klum "" ""Stealing the Show"" or ""The Voice of Germany. ABOUT FOX ALTERNATIVE ENTERTAINMENT FOX Alternative Entertainment (FAE) is the in-house unscripted studio of FOX Entertainment. Formed in 2019 to oversee the production of The Masked Singer  U.S. television's #1 unscripted series  FAE develops and produces alternative programming for the FOX Network  its streaming service  Tubi  and third-party platforms. In addition to The Masked Singer  FAE currently produces Gordon Ramsay's cooking competition and last season's #1 new entertainment series  Next Level Chef  and the upcoming series Gordon Ramsay's Food Stars (both with Studio Ramsay Global); I Can See Your Voice  hosted by Ken Jeong; Alter Ego  the 2021-22 season's #1 new unscripted program; Joe Millionaire: For Richer or Poorer; Crime Scene Kitchen (with Fly on the Wall Entertainment)  Summer 2021's #1 new series hosted by Joel McHale; Name That Tune  featuring Jane Krakowski and Randy Jackson; as well as Domino Masters  hosted by Eric Stonestreet. Third-party series produced by FAE include the dating show Love Trip: Paris for Freeform in the U.S.  the variety competition program The Big Deal for Ireland's Virgin Media Television in partnership with Dublin-based BiggerStage and the celebrity performance competition The Masterpiece (international format: Celebrity Masterpiece) for Workpoint in Thailand.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Two New Third-Party Series', 'International Unscripted Format Fund', 'FOX Alternative Entertainment', 'Breaking News', 'Company', 'TF1 PUB advertising airtime sales house', 'new FOX Alternative Entertainment reality show', 'entertainment prime time slots', 'INTERNATIONAL UNSCRIPTED FORMAT FUND FAE', 'FOX ALTERNATIVE ENTERTAINMENT UNVEILS', 'local broadcasters cost-effective programming', 'TF1 Séries Films', 'TWO NEW THIRD-PARTY SERIES', 'big studio competition series', 'TF1 GROUP TF1 Group', 'Seven.One Studios company', 'Reality-Social Experiment Marriage Market', 'ProSieben FOX Alternative Entertainment', 'house unscripted studio', 'The Big Deal', 'dating reality series', 'two new series', 'unscripted program concepts', 'Virgin Media Television', 'Série Club', 'media industry players', 'impressive track record', 'Executive Vice President', 'Senior Vice President', 'The Media division', 'perfect family co', 'fresh, special twist', 'celebrity performance competition', 'great creative exchange', 'The Production division', 'Marriage Market formats', 'international format', 'demand content platforms', 'Unscripted Programming', 'impressive show', 'FOX Entertainment', 'international buyers', 'new programs', 'new possibilities', 'original show', 'Cheerio Entertainment', 'U.S.', 'two divisions', 'Newen Studios', 'private-sector broadcasters', 'Celebrity Competition', 'TF1 Production', 'The Masterpiece', 'Muzeek One', 'variety series', ""series' partner"", 'Other series', 'formats market', 'dating program', 'perfect combination', 'family members', 'unique formats', 'great collaboration', 'creative resources', '50 creative companies', 'celebrity singers', 'Celebrity Masterpiece', 'global market', 'one kid', 'working title', 'same outfit', 'multiple rounds', 'hypnotizing performances', 'close watch', 'second half', 'unlimited potential', 'global scale', 'viewing purpose', 'Julien Degroote', 'Hannes Hiller', 'dating genre', 'US colleagues', 'revenue streams', 'intellectual property', 'provincial networks', 'Dublin-based BiggerStage', 'major player', 'air channels', 'theme channels', 'TFOU MAX', 'music production', 'live shows', 'online platforms', 'great partners', 'Content Development', 'Ushuaia TV', 'TV Breizh', 'Allison Wallach', 'talented children', 'future success', 'unprecedented partnership', 'other genres', 'other parents', 'Mini-Mes', 'France', 'Germany', 'announcement', 'stunning', 'team', 'winner', 'Beat', 'husband', 'wife', 'dedicated', 'booths', 'personality', 'couple', 'kids', 'year', 'TBC', 'Joyn', 'slate', 'initiative', 'innovation', 'viewers', 'amazing', 'SAT', 'idea', 'strategy', 'portfolio', 'reality-competition', 'Ireland', 'Workpoint', 'Thailand', 'publication', 'distribution', 'raison', 'society', 'operations', 'TMC', 'TFX', 'LCI', 'MYTF', 'Salto', 'labels', 'programmes', 'public-service']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,thefutoncritic.com
23107,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-330CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-April-11-14-2023-43519134/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Piquadro S p A : 330CS Piquadro buy back purchase week April 11 14 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   April 17  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the p…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  April 17  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from April 11th to April 14th  2023  it purchased no. 8 326 treasury shares for a total consideration of 14 603.20 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 04/11/2023 2 770 1.7521 4 853.32 04/12/2023 2 003 1.7468 3 498.84 04/13/2023 2 220 1.7740 3 938.28 04/14/2023 1 333 1.7350 2 312.76 Total 8 326 1.7539 14 603.20Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of April 14th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 905 040 treasury shares  equal to 3.8101% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 175 mono-brand stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 81 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 20 abroad  of which 74 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2021/2022 ended on March 31  2022  is € 149 4 million. Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '330CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'April', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', 'Piquadro product', '8,326 treasury shares', '1,905,040 treasury shares', 'total consideration', '81 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'BACK PLAN', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '175 mono-brand stores', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'April', 'reference', 'period', '14,603.20 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '74 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23108,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2647647/0/en/Nexans-to-deliver-a-new-centerpiece-to-Geneva-s-Swissgrid-electrical-network.html,Nexans to deliver a new centerpiece to Geneva’s Swissgrid electrical network,Nexans to deliver a new centerpiece to Geneva’s Swissgrid electrical network  _ PRESS RELEASE _  In the context of the overhead power line burial...,English FrenchNexans to deliver a new centerpiece to Geneva’s Swissgrid electrical network_ PRESS RELEASE _In the context of the overhead power line burial project headed up by Swissgrid  Nexans will be supplying and installing nearly 30 km of 2 20 kV underground cable along the Geneva-Cointrin airportNexans will also be in charge of dismantling the existing gas-insulated extra high voltage link (GIL)   along with a certain number of civil worksNexans’ system will feature a cable temperature monitoring solutionParis  April 17  2023 – Swissgrid  the national company in charge of Switzerland’s electricity transmission grid  has chosen Nexans through a bidding process for the project of burying the Very High Voltage (VHV) overhead power lines along the southern side of the Geneva-Cointrin airport. The replacement of the overhead cables with underground cables will free up large tracts of land destined for urban development of the greater Geneva area.Nexans was chosen for this €25 million turnkey contract for its ability to produce and install very high voltage cables and offer engineering services  as well as for its experience managing complex projects.The Swissgrid project is part of the “Axe Stratégique Réseau” development programs in the canton of Geneva and the Federal Roads Office’s “Redevelopment of the Grand-Saconnex motorway junction”. In the overhead power line burial project  exceptional by its complex nature  both technical and organizational  Nexans will be in charge of certain engineering services  and of taking down and replacing gas isolated links. In addition to producing and installing nearly 30 km of very high voltage cables between the electrical stations of Foretaille and Renfile  Nexans will also install two 144-strand fibre optic links and embed a temperature monitoring feature in the cable system.“We welcome the opportunity to continue our work with Swissgrid on this ambitious and prestigious project  relying on the many and varied skills of the Nexans teams – from engineering to civil works  but also including the production and installation of very high voltage networks”  says Marco Spinelli  CEO of Nexans Switzerland.As a leader on the very high voltage market in Switzerland  Nexans has already successfully led several urban projects in Basel  Lausanne  Geneva  Bern  and Zurich. Nexans Switzerland has also been entrusted with complex very high voltage cable connection projects  such as the connection of the Nant de Drance (2018) and Linth-Limmern (2016) pumped storage power plants to the national grid and the underground cable connection of La Bâtiaz – Le Verney (2022).About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comEmmanuelle GuyTél.: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 68emmanuelle.guy@nexans.comInvestor RelationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Swissgrid electrical network', 'new centerpiece', 'Nexans', 'Geneva', 'Axe Stratégique Réseau” development programs', 'existing gas-insulated extra high voltage link', 'complex very high voltage cable connection projects', 'two 144-strand fibre optic links', 'overhead power line burial project', 'five main business areas', 'cable temperature monitoring solution', 'high voltage networks', 'high voltage market', 'high voltage cables', 'gas isolated links', 'temperature monitoring feature', 'underground cable connection', 'several urban projects', 'storage power plants', '2 20 kV underground cable', '€25 million turnkey contract', 'Federal Roads Office', 'Grand-Saconnex motorway junction', 'Nant de Drance', 'La Bâtiaz', 'complex projects', 'greater Geneva area', 'The Swissgrid project', 'Swissgrid electrical network', 'electricity transmission grid', 'urban development', 'overhead cables', 'complex nature', 'cable system', 'power lines', 'Power Generation', 'prestigious project', 'underground cables', 'electrical stations', 'national grid', 'decarbonized electricity', 'English French', 'new centerpiece', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Geneva-Cointrin airport', 'civil works', 'national company', 'bidding process', 'southern side', 'large tracts', 'varied skills', 'Marco Spinelli', 'Le Verney', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', 'safe, sustainable', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'The Group', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Emmanuelle Guy', 'Tél.', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'engineering services', 'Nexans’ system', 'Nexans teams', 'Nexans Switzerland', 'context', '30 km', 'charge', 'GIL', 'number', 'VHV', 'replacement', 'ability', 'experience', 'canton', 'Redevelopment', 'addition', 'Foretaille', 'Renfile', 'opportunity', 'ambitious', 'many', 'production', 'installation', 'CEO', 'leader', 'Basel', 'Lausanne', 'Bern', 'Zurich', 'Linth-Limmern', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23109,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Nexans-to-deliver-a-new-centerpiece-to-Geneva-s-Swissgrid-electrical-network-43519061/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Nexans to deliver a new centerpiece to Geneva's Swissgrid electrical network,(marketscreener.com) Nexans to deliver a new centerpiece to Geneva’s Swissgrid electrical network _ PRESS RELEASE _ In the context of the overhead power line burial project headed up by Swissgrid  Nexans will be supplying and installing nearly 30 km of 220kV …,Nexans to deliver a new centerpiece to Geneva’s Swissgrid electrical network_ PRESS RELEASE _In the context of the overhead power line burial project headed up by Swissgrid  Nexans will be supplying and installing nearly 30 km of 2 20 kV underground cable along the Geneva-Cointrin airportNexans will also be in charge of dismantling the existing gas-insulated extra high voltage link (GIL)   along with a certain number of civil worksNexans’ system will feature a cable temperature monitoring solutionParis  April 17  2023 – Swissgrid  the national company in charge of Switzerland’s electricity transmission grid  has chosen Nexans through a bidding process for the project of burying the Very High Voltage (VHV) overhead power lines along the southern side of the Geneva-Cointrin airport. The replacement of the overhead cables with underground cables will free up large tracts of land destined for urban development of the greater Geneva area.Nexans was chosen for this €25 million turnkey contract for its ability to produce and install very high voltage cables and offer engineering services  as well as for its experience managing complex projects.The Swissgrid project is part of the “Axe Stratégique Réseau” development programs in the canton of Geneva and the Federal Roads Office’s “Redevelopment of the Grand-Saconnex motorway junction”. In the overhead power line burial project  exceptional by its complex nature  both technical and organizational  Nexans will be in charge of certain engineering services  and of taking down and replacing gas isolated links. In addition to producing and installing nearly 30 km of very high voltage cables between the electrical stations of Foretaille and Renfile  Nexans will also install two 144-strand fibre optic links and embed a temperature monitoring feature in the cable system.“We welcome the opportunity to continue our work with Swissgrid on this ambitious and prestigious project  relying on the many and varied skills of the Nexans teams – from engineering to civil works  but also including the production and installation of very high voltage networks”  says Marco Spinelli  CEO of Nexans Switzerland.As a leader on the very high voltage market in Switzerland  Nexans has already successfully led several urban projects in Basel  Lausanne  Geneva  Bern  and Zurich. Nexans Switzerland has also been entrusted with complex very high voltage cable connection projects  such as the connection of the Nant de Drance (2018) and Linth-Limmern (2016) pumped storage power plants to the national grid and the underground cable connection of La Bâtiaz – Le Verney (2022).About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comEmmanuelle GuyTél.: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 68emmanuelle.guy@nexans.comInvestor RelationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Swissgrid electrical network', 'new centerpiece', 'Nexans', 'Geneva', 'Axe Stratégique Réseau” development programs', 'existing gas-insulated extra high voltage link', 'complex very high voltage cable connection projects', 'two 144-strand fibre optic links', 'overhead power line burial project', 'five main business areas', 'cable temperature monitoring solution', 'high voltage networks', 'high voltage market', 'high voltage cables', 'gas isolated links', 'temperature monitoring feature', 'underground cable connection', 'several urban projects', 'storage power plants', '2 20 kV underground cable', '€25 million turnkey contract', 'Federal Roads Office', 'Grand-Saconnex motorway junction', 'Nant de Drance', 'La Bâtiaz', 'complex projects', 'greater Geneva area', 'The Swissgrid project', 'Swissgrid electrical network', 'electricity transmission grid', 'urban development', 'overhead cables', 'complex nature', 'cable system', 'power lines', 'Power Generation', 'prestigious project', 'underground cables', 'electrical stations', 'national grid', 'decarbonized electricity', 'new centerpiece', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Geneva-Cointrin airport', 'civil works', 'national company', 'bidding process', 'southern side', 'large tracts', 'varied skills', 'Marco Spinelli', 'Le Verney', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', 'safe, sustainable', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'The Group', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Emmanuelle Guy', 'Tél.', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'engineering services', 'Nexans’ system', 'Nexans teams', 'Nexans Switzerland', 'context', '30 km', 'charge', 'GIL', 'number', 'VHV', 'replacement', 'ability', 'experience', 'canton', 'Redevelopment', 'addition', 'Foretaille', 'Renfile', 'opportunity', 'ambitious', 'many', 'production', 'installation', 'CEO', 'leader', 'Basel', 'Lausanne', 'Bern', 'Zurich', 'Linth-Limmern', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23110,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARMILA-5189/news/Carmila-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--43524444/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Carmila : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...),(marketscreener.com)   Boulogne-Billancourt  17 April 2023   New secured loan of EUR 276 million   Carmila has agreed a new secured loan  signed on 17 April 2023  for an amount of 276 million euros  maturing in 2030 and at a spread vs. 3 month EURIBOR…,"Boulogne-Billancourt  17 April 2023New secured loan of EUR 276 millionCarmila has agreed a new secured loan  signed on 17 April 2023  for an amount of 276 million euros  maturing in 2030 and at a spread vs. 3 month EURIBOR of 175 basis points. This new credit line took the form of a mortgage loan contracted by four subsidiaries of Carmila France (Carmila Nice  SAS Carmila Evreux  Carmila Saran and Carmila Coquelles) and is secured by their assets. The LTV ratio of this financing  with respect to the appraisal values of the four assets as of 31 December 2022  was 49.4%.INVESTOR AND ANALYST CONTACT PRESS CONTACT Jonathan Kirk - Head of Investor Relations Elodie Arcayna - Corporate Communications Director jonathan_kirk@carmila.com elodie_arcayna@carmila.com +33 6 31 71 83 98 +33 7 86 54 40 10INVESTOR AGENDA20 April 2023 (after market close): First-quarter 2023 financial information11 May 2023: Annual General Meeting25 July 2023 (after market close): First-half2023 results26 July 2023: First-half 2023 results presentation19 October 2023 (after market close): Third-quarter 2023 financial informationABOUT CARMILAAs the third-largest listed owner of commercial property in Europe  Carmila was founded by Carrefour and large institutional investors in order to transform and enhance the value of shopping centres adjoining Carrefour hypermarkets in France  Spain and Italy. At 31 December 2022  its portfolio was valued at €6.2 billion  comprising 208 shopping centres  all leaders in their catchment areas.Carmila is listed on Euronext-Paris Compartment A under the symbol CARM. It benefits from the tax regime for French real estate investment trusts (""SIIC"").Carmila has been a member of the SBF 120 since 20 June 2022.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Carmila', 'Information', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', 'French real estate investment trusts', 'ANALYST CONTACT PRESS CONTACT', 'new credit line', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'First-quarter 2023 financial information', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Third-quarter 2023 financial information', 'largest listed owner', 'large institutional investors', 'New secured loan', 'First-half 2023 results presentation', 'mortgage loan', 'First-half2023 results', '276 million euros', '3 month EURIBOR', '175 basis points', 'four subsidiaries', 'LTV ratio', 'appraisal values', 'Jonathan Kirk', 'Elodie Arcayna', 'commercial property', 'shopping centres', 'catchment areas', 'Euronext-Paris Compartment', 'tax regime', 'Investor Relations', 'INVESTOR AGENDA', 'four assets', 'Carrefour hypermarkets', 'Carmila Nice', 'Carmila Evreux', 'Carmila Saran', 'Carmila Coquelles', 'Carmila France', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', '17 April', 'amount', 'spread', 'SAS', 'financing', 'respect', '31 December', 'Head', '20 April', 'May', '25 July', '26 July', '19 October', 'Europe', 'order', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'portfolio', 'leaders', 'symbol', 'CARM.', 'member', 'SBF', '20 June']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23111,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-and-Genmab-Enter-Partnership-to-Advance-Antibody-Therapies-in-Immunology-and-Oncology-43517780/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Argenx and Genmab Enter Partnership to Advance Antibody Therapies in Immunology and Oncology,(marketscreener.com) Genmab and argenx have entered into a multiyear collaboration bringing together capabilities to jointly discover  develop and commercialize antibody therapies Discovery programs against two differentiated targets are underway Amsterdam  t…,Genmab and argenx have entered into a multiyear collaboration bringing together capabilities to jointly discover  develop and commercialize antibody therapiesDiscovery programs against two differentiated targets are underwayAmsterdam  the Netherlands – 04/17/2023 argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX) and Genmab A/S (Nasdaq: GMAB) announced today that argenx and Genmab have entered into a collaboration agreement to jointly discover  develop and commercialize novel therapeutic antibodies with applications in immunology  as well as in oncology therapeutic areas. The multiyear collaboration will leverage the antibody engineering expertise and knowledge of disease biology of both companies to accelerate the identification and development of novel antibody therapeutic candidates with a goal to address unmet patient needs in immunology and cancer.“Our core mission is to innovate on behalf of patients by translating immunology breakthroughs into novel pipeline candidates. We do this through a model of co-creation which has led to eight molecules demonstrating human proof-of-concept in our pipeline ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer  argenx. “Through our collaboration with Genmab  we are bringing together our combined antibody discovery  development and commercialization expertise to unlock insights on the disease pathways that we will address. This allows us to broaden our capabilities and maximize the opportunity to generate novel therapeutic antibodies within autoimmunity or cancer.”“Genmab is entering the therapeutic area of immunology and inflammation as a steppingstone to achieving its vision that by 2030  our knock-your-socks-off “KYSO” antibody medicines will be transforming the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases ” said Jan van de Winkel  Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer  Genmab. “By partnering with argenx  we will be able to combine our deep knowledge of the biology and therapeutic power of antibodies and have an opportunity to address patients’ needs in oncology as well as in immunology and inflammation.”Collaboration DetailsAs per the agreement  argenx and Genmab will each have access to the suites of proprietary antibody technologies of both companies to advance the identification of lead antibody candidates against differentiated disease targets. Under the terms of the agreement  argenx and Genmab will jointly discover  develop and commercialize products emerging from the collaboration while equally sharing costs as well as any potential future profits. The collaboration will initially focus on two differentiated targets  including one within immunology and one within cancer  with the potential to expand to more.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  the EU and UK  and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   and Instagram .About GenmabGenmab is an international biotechnology company with a core purpose guiding its unstoppable team to strive towards improving the lives of patients through innovative and differentiated antibody therapeutics. For more than 20 years  its passionate  innovative and collaborative team has invented next-generation antibody technology platforms and leveraged translational research and data sciences  which has resulted in a proprietary pipeline including bispecific T-cell engagers  next-generation immune checkpoint modulators  effector function enhanced antibodies and antibody-drug conjugates. To help develop and deliver novel antibody therapies to patients  Genmab has formed 20+ strategic partnerships with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. By 2030  Genmab’s vision is to transform the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases with Knock-Your-Socks-Off (KYSO) antibody medicines.Established in 1999  Genmab is headquartered in Copenhagen  Denmark with locations in Utrecht  the Netherlands  Princeton  New Jersey  U.S. and Tokyo  Japan. For more information  please visit Genmab.com and follow us on Twitter.com/Genmab.For further information  please contact:argenxMedia:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comGenmabMedia :Jyoti Sharma  Director  CommunicationsT: +1 609 480 9844; E: jysh@genmab.comInvestor Relations:Andrew Carlsen  Vice President  Head of Investor RelationsT: +45 3377 9558; E: acn@genmab.comForward Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the partnership with Genmab to advance  discover  develop and commercialize antibody therapies in immunology and oncology  the timeline of identifying and developing novel antibody therapeutic candidates and the potential of addressing unmet patient needs in immunology and cancer. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Antibody Therapies', 'Argenx', 'Genmab', 'Partnership', 'Immunology', 'Oncology', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'next-generation immune checkpoint modulators', 'Jan van de Winkel', 'next-generation antibody technology platforms', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody therapeutic candidates', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'other serious diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'KYSO” antibody medicines', 'KYSO) antibody medicines', 'lead antibody candidates', 'two differentiated targets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'differentiated antibody therapeutics', 'bispecific T-cell engagers', '20+ strategic partnerships', 'novel antibody therapies', 'antibody engineering expertise', 'unmet patient needs', 'novel pipeline candidates', 'proprietary antibody technologies', 'differentiated disease targets', 'potential future profits', 'novel therapeutic antibodies', 'oncology therapeutic areas', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'international biotechnology company', 'global immunology company', 'antibody discovery', 'therapeutic power', 'therapeutic franchises', 'The Company', 'commercialization expertise', 'proprietary pipeline', 'disease pathways', 'Discovery programs', 'core mission', 'eight molecules', 'human proof', 'Ph.D.', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'core purpose', 'unstoppable team', 'collaborative team', 'translational research', 'data sciences', 'effector function', 'antibody-drug conjugates', 'New Jersey', 'Erin Murphy', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'Jyoti Sharma', 'Communications T', 'Investor Relations', 'Andrew Carlsen', 'Vice President', 'disease biology', 'patients’ needs', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'multiyear collaboration', 'Collaboration Details', 'deep knowledge', 'passionate, innovative', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'Genmab A/S', 'Genmab.com', 'Genmab Media', 'argenx SE', 'argenx Media', 'collaboration agreement', 'capabilities', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'GMAB', 'applications', 'identification', 'development', 'goal', 'cancer', 'behalf', 'model', 'creation', 'concept', 'insights', 'opportunity', 'autoimmunity', 'inflammation', 'steppingstone', 'vision', 'lives', 'people', 'access', 'suites', 'terms', 'products', 'costs', 'IIP', 'UK', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', '20 years', 'Knock', 'Socks', 'Copenhagen', 'Denmark', 'locations', 'Utrecht', 'Princeton', 'Tokyo', 'Investors', 'Director', 'Head', 'Statements', 'contents', 'announcement']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23112,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-expands-manufacturing-and-research-capacity-in-electrolysis-technologies-for-green-hydroge-43518119/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Bekaert : expands manufacturing and research capacity in electrolysis technologies for green hydrogen production,(marketscreener.com)     Press release - Business news   17 April 2023 • 08:30 a.m. CET     Press   Katelijn Bohez   T +32 56 76 66 10   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-expands-manufacturing-and-…,Bekaert expands manufacturing and research capacity in electrolysis technologies for green hydrogen productionDriven by the opportunities arising from the energy transition and decarbonization trends  Bekaert accelerates its growth strategy in renewable energy markets  particularly in green hydrogen production.As part of this strategy  Bekaert today announces the investments it is making in Belgium  to expand its manufacturing and research capacity in electrolysis technologies for green hydrogen production. These investments include:A new manufacturing plant in Wetteren  BelgiumBekaert has established a leading position in porous transport layers (PTL) for electrolysis technologies with the brand name Currento®. The new plant will more than double Bekaert's total PTL capacity to over 2 GW. This investment is part of a larger  multiple GW capacity expansion program that is being implemented in support of customers and the broader energy transition towards a global hydrogen economy.Bekaert has established a leading position in porous transport layers (PTL) for electrolysis technologies with the brand name Currento®. The new plant will more than double Bekaert's total PTL capacity to over 2 GW. This investment is part of a larger  multiple GW capacity expansion program that is being implemented in support of customers and the broader energy transition towards a global hydrogen economy. A hydrogen lab in Deerlijk  BelgiumBekaert is also creating a dedicated hydrogen laboratory at the Bekaert Technology Center in Deerlijk  to innovate and develop the next generation of solutions and products for green hydrogen production.'Bekaert is committed to developing green and sustainable solutions for customers  with a particular focus on improving the performance of key components necessary for the electrolysis needs of the future'  said Edouard de Masson d'Autume  VP Hydrogen at Bekaert. 'We have been pioneers with PTL for PEM electrolysis for over 20 years and continue to leverage our expertise to accelerate and scale up innovations in this rapidly expanding market.'About BekaertBekaert's ambition is to be the leading partner for shaping the way we live and move  and to always do this in a way that is safe  smart  and sustainable. As a global market and technology leader in material science of steel wire transformation and coating technologies  Bekaert also applies its expertise beyond steel to create new solutions with innovative materials and services for markets including new mobility  low-carbon construction  and green energy. Founded in 1880  with its headquarters in Belgium  Bekaert (Euronext Brussels  BEKB) is a global company whose 27 000 employees worldwide together generated almost € 7 billion in combined revenue in 2022.Page 1 of 2,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['green hydrogen production', 'research capacity', 'electrolysis technologies', 'Bekaert', 'manufacturing', 'larger, multiple GW capacity expansion program', 'porous transport layers', 'Edouard de Masson', 'A hydrogen lab', 'dedicated hydrogen laboratory', 'leading position in', 'total PTL capacity', 'green hydrogen production', 'global hydrogen economy', 'broader energy transition', 'steel wire transformation', 'renewable energy markets', 'Bekaert Technology Center', 'new manufacturing plant', 'research capacity', 'green energy', 'VP Hydrogen', 'leading partner', 'new plant', 'global market', 'technology leader', 'global company', 'new mobility', 'electrolysis technologies', 'decarbonization trends', 'brand name', 'next generation', 'particular focus', 'key components', 'electrolysis needs', 'PEM electrolysis', 'expanding market', 'material science', 'coating technologies', 'innovative materials', 'low-carbon construction', 'Euronext Brussels', 'combined revenue', 'new solutions', 'sustainable solutions', 'growth strategy', '2 GW', 'opportunities', 'investments', 'Belgium', 'Wetteren', 'Currento®', 'support', 'customers', 'Deerlijk', 'products', 'performance', 'future', 'Autume', 'pioneers', '20 years', 'expertise', 'innovations', 'ambition', 'way', 'services', 'headquarters', 'BEKB', '27 000 employees', 'Page']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23113,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43517676/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8403 £ 23.7039 Estimated MTD return 0.74 % 0.79 % Estimated YTD return -3.35 % -2.96 % Estimated ITD return 168.40 % 137.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.42 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.9546 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5054The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23114,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-ECONOCOM-Q1-2023-revenue-growth-10-3-including-4-4-organic-growth-43523621/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Econocom Group Se :  ECONOCOM: Q1 2023 revenue growth: 10.3% including 4.4% organic growth,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATORY INFORMATION17 April 2023Q1 2023 revenue growth1:10.3% including 4.4% organic growthRevenue of €637 million  up 10.3% driven by organic growth in Technology Management & Financing and external growth in Prod…,"Press releaseREGULATORY INFORMATION17 April 2023Q1 2023 revenue growth1:10.3% including 4.4% organic growthRevenue of €637 million  up 10.3% driven by organic growth in Technology Management & Financing and external growth in Products & SolutionsThe following developments were achieved during the first three months of 2023:Products & Solutions (P&S) revenue amounted to €312 million  up 1 11.1% driven by the acquisitions made over the past 18 months. On an organic basis²  P&S posted a slight increase (up 1.5%) in comparison with Q1 2022  a period of sharp growth.11.1% driven by the acquisitions made over the past 18 months. On an organic basis²  P&S posted a slight increase (up 1.5%) in comparison with Q1 2022  a period of sharp growth. Technology Management & Financing (TMF) continued to grow with revenue of €197 million  up 1 17.6% including 13.6% organic growth 2 . Performance was boosted by the completion of a number of significant deals during the first quarter  whereas in 2022 they were mostly recognised in the second quarter.17.6% including 13.6% organic growth . Performance was boosted by the completion of a number of significant deals during the first quarter  whereas in 2022 they were mostly recognised in the second quarter. Services revenue (total1 and organic2) slightly decreased by 1.0% to €127 million  mainly due to the postponement of several projects and hiring issues.Annual targets confirmedEconocom confirms its annual revenue growth target of 5%  as well as its target of increasing full-year net profit versus the previous year.However  Econocom expects growth to slow by the end of June 2023  mainly due to seasonal discrepancies between 2022 and 2023 and the various market environments. Likewise  net profit for the first half of 2023 is expected to be down compared to H1 2022.Disposal of a business line held for sale.During the first quarter  the Group sold its Products & Solutions business with customer Altice  in France and the USA. This business was classified as a discontinued operation in 2022. This disposal  which has no material impact on the Group's 2023 net profit  has a positive cash impact of around 20 million euros.Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting to be convened to cancel treasury sharesAt today's meeting  the Board of Directors decided to convene shortly an Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting to ask for the vote on the cancellation of the treasury shares held by the Company.Next publication: H1 2023 results  25 July 2023 after close of trading.Reconciliation between first 3 months 2022 financial data published in the press release dated 14 April 2022 and data considered in this press release“First 3 months 2022 reported” corresponds to revenue for the first three months of 2022 as presented in the 14 April 2022 press release.“First 3 months 2022 restated” corresponds to revenue published for the first three months of 2022 adjusted for changes in discontinued operations perimeter as defined by IFRS 5 and changes in accounting policies. It serves as the basis for calculating total growth rates (“at constant standards”).“First 3 months 2022 pro forma” corresponds to restated revenue for the first three months of 2022 and adjusted for changes in exchange rates and consolidation scope (acquisitions and disposals). It serves as the basis for calculating organic growth rates (“at constant standards and scope”).Revenue (€m) Group total TMF P&S Services First 3 months 2022 reported 544 176 240 128 Deconsolidation of discontinued activities and changes in accounting presentations 33 (8) 41 0 First 3 months 2022 restated 577 168 281 128 Forex impact (1) - (1) - Change in consolidation scope (acquisitions) 33 6 27 - First 3 months 2022 pro forma 610 174 308 1281 At constant standards2 At constant standards and scopeABOUT ECONOCOMEconocom is a digital general contractor (DGC). The group conceives  finances and facilitates the digital transformation of large firms and public organisations. It has 50 years' experience and is the only market player offering versatile expertise through a combination of project financing  equipment distribution and digital services. The group operates in 16 countries  with over 8 750 employees. It made €2 718m in revenue in 2022. Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFollow us on LinkedIn and Twitter ?Investor and shareholder relations contact:benhjamin.pehau@econocom.comPress relations contact:info@capvalue.frTel. +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: ym1wkZuZaJyVmJ9saZpnaZSUm5yXlGjIm2OamGKbmMecbp9lyZySbMaZZnBqmG1u- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79388-econocom-cp-ca-t1-2023-fr-17042023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.34,0.26,True,English,"['Q1 2023 revenue growth', '4.4% organic growth', 'Econocom Group', 'first 3 months 2022 financial data', 'TMF P&S Services', 'annual revenue growth target', 'shareholder relations contact', 'various market environments', 'Press relations contact', 'positive cash impact', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'digital general contractor', 'total growth rates', 'Family Business indexes', 'next press releases', 'first three months', 'full-year net profit', 'original press release', 'organic growth rates', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Q1 2023 revenue growth', 'Annual targets', 'digital services', '2023 net profit', 'exchange rates', 'market player', '4.4% organic growth', '13.6% organic growth', 'first quarter', 'first half', 'past 18 months', 'external growth', 'sharp growth', 'material impact', 'Forex impact', 'digital transformation', 'Services revenue', 'News release', 'Technology Management', 'following developments', 'slight increase', 'significant deals', 'second quarter', 'several projects', 'hiring issues', 'previous year', 'seasonal discrepancies', 'business line', 'customer Altice', '20 million euros', 'treasury shares', 'Next publication', 'operations perimeter', 'accounting policies', 'constant standards', 'accounting presentations', 'large firms', 'public organisations', ""50 years' experience"", 'versatile expertise', 'equipment distribution', 'BEL Mid', 'organic basis', 'REGULATORY INFORMATION', 'consolidation scope', 'Regulated information', 'Solutions business', 'project financing', 'H1 2023 results', '17 April', 'Products', 'acquisitions', 'comparison', 'period', 'Performance', 'completion', 'number', 'postponement', 'Econocom', 'increasing', 'end', 'June', 'Disposal', 'sale', 'Group', 'France', 'USA', 'today', 'Board', 'Directors', 'vote', 'cancellation', 'Company', 'close', 'trading', 'Reconciliation', '14 April', 'changes', 'IFRS', 'Deconsolidation', 'activities', 'DGC', 'finances', 'combination', '16 countries', '8,750 employees', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'MORE', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Investor', 'capvalue', 'Tel.', 'accounts', 'PDF', 'email']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23115,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2648268/0/en/VIRBAC-Slight-decline-in-first-quarter-revenue-primarily-due-to-a-base-effect-as-well-as-a-context-of-market-slowdown.html,VIRBAC: Slight decline in first-quarter revenue primarily due to a base effect as well as a context of market slowdown,1 Growth at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identic…,English FrenchKEY FIGURES Revenue1st quarter 2023€314.8M Growth at constant exchange ratesand scope 1-1.3% of whichcompanion animals -3.1%farm animals -1.0% Growth at constantexchange rates-1 3%Overallchange-1.0%1 Growth at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the previous financial year’s)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial year.Quarterly consolidated revenueOur revenue in the first quarter amounted to €314.8 million  down slightly by -1.0% at real rates and -1.3% at constant exchange rates compared to the same period in 2022. This change is mainly due to an unfavorable base effect in a context of market slowdown. To a lesser extent  this quarter was also impacted by inventory effects observed in distribution at the end of 2022 in anticipation of price increases implemented at the beginning of this year.In Europe  business was down slightly by -1.4% at real rates (-0.7% at constant exchange rates)  mainly impacted by France and the United Kingdom  which sales’ downturn was offset by the good momentum observed in Northern and Southern Europe  showing respective increases of +4.7% and +3.2% at constant exchange rates. In Asia Pacific  decline at real rates is -3.3% (-0.4% at constant exchange rates): strong sales in farm animals’ products were behind the solid growth in Australia and New Zealand (+10.1% and +8.8% respectively at constant exchange rates)  which offset the decline in Asian countries. Business in the United States remains stable at +0.2% at real exchange rates  and is down -4.4% at constant exchange rates  primarily driven by a base effect and to a lesser extent by a distribution inventory reduction in the first quarter of 2023. Excluding Chile  Latin America recorded the Group’s strongest growth at +21.9% at real rates (+13.0% at constant exchange rates)  driven in particular by the strong contribution of Brazil and Mexico (+19.4% and +17.8% respectively at constant exchange rates). Finally  business at our subsidiary in Chile is down -38.3% at real rates (-41.1% at constant exchange rates)  due to the poor performance of the aquaculture segment with no sales of a parasiticide product in distribution2 since July 2022  as well as the sharp drop in sales of antibiotic ranges and  to a lesser extent  vaccines.In terms of species  the companion animals segment shows an overall decrease of -2.5% (-3.1% at constant exchange rates)  mainly due to the dermatology and parasiticide ranges while the petfood range grew by +10%. The farm animal segment recorded a slight decrease of -1.6% (-1.0% at constant exchange rates)  mainly due to the decrease in aquaculture (-43.1% at constant exchange rates) and  to a lesser extent  to the decrease in the swine segment (-4.8% at constant exchange rates)  which was largely offset by the ruminant sector  which increased by +5.3% at constant exchange rates. On another note  our toll manufacturing activity grew significantly with +44.2% at constant exchange rates.2023 OutlookTaking into account the base effect  we confirm as of today our revenue growth forecasts of between 4% and 6% at constant exchange rates and scope. The 2023 ratio of “Current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue” is also confirmed around 13%-14% at constant exchange rates. Finally  excluding potential acquisitions  and at constant exchange rates  our cash position is expected to remain constant compared to the end of 2022.2 Following the withdrawal by the Chilean Maritime Authority of the market authorization for this product in July of 2022A lifelong commitment to the health of animalsAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services enables us to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of the health of animals together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A - ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,negative,0.0,0.13,0.86,mixed,0.15,0.22,0.64,True,English,"['Slight decline', 'first-quarter revenue', 'base effect', 'market slowdown', 'VIRBAC', 'context', 'toll manufacturing activity', 'Current operating profit', 'Chilean Maritime Authority', 'identical exchange rates', 'Financial Affairs Department', 'constant exchange rates', 'exchange rate variations', 'previous financial year', 'Quarterly consolidated revenue', 'real exchange rates', 'unfavorable base effect', 'distribution inventory reduction', 'farm animal segment', 'revenue growth forecasts', 'companion animals segment', 'farm animals’ products', 'real rates', 'inventory effects', 'animal owners', 'swine segment', 'English French', 'FIGURES Revenue', 'same period', 'market slowdown', 'lesser extent', 'price increases', 'United Kingdom', 'good momentum', 'respective increases', 'Asia Pacific', 'New Zealand', 'United States', 'Latin America', 'strong contribution', 'poor performance', 'sharp drop', 'antibiotic ranges', 'parasiticide ranges', 'ruminant sector', 'cash position', 'market authorization', 'lifelong commitment', 'innovative solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'subfund A', 'ISIN code', 'organic growth', 'solid growth', 'strongest growth', '1st quarter', 'first quarter', 'Southern Europe', 'Asian countries', 'parasiticide product', 'overall decrease', 'petfood range', 'slight decrease', 'potential acquisitions', 'sales’ downturn', 'strong sales', '1 Growth', '100 countries', 'scope', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'context', 'end', 'anticipation', 'beginning', 'business', 'France', 'Northern', 'decline', 'Australia', 'Group', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'subsidiary', 'distribution2', 'July', 'vaccines', 'terms', 'species', 'dermatology', 'note', '2023 Outlook', 'account', 'today', '2023 ratio', 'depreciation', 'assets', 'withdrawal', 'health', 'Virbac', 'veterinarians', 'farmers', 'world', 'services', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel.', 'email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23116,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43517678/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8403 £ 23.7039 Estimated MTD return 0.74 % 0.79 % Estimated YTD return -3.35 % -2.96 % Estimated ITD return 168.40 % 137.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.42 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.9546 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5054The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRBAC-5234/news/VIRBAC-Slight-decline-in-first-quarter-revenue-primarily-due-to-a-base-effect-as-well-as-a-context-43523312/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,VIRBAC: Slight decline in first-quarter revenue primarily due to a base effect as well as a context of market slowdown,(marketscreener.com) KEY FIGURESRevenue1st quarter 2023€314.8MGrowth at constant exchange rates and scope 1-1.3% of whichcompanion animals -3.1%farm animals -1.0%Growth at constant exchange rates-1 3%Overall change-1.0% 1 Growth at constant exchange rates and…,KEY FIGURES Revenue1st quarter 2023€314.8M Growth at constant exchange ratesand scope 1-1.3% of whichcompanion animals -3.1%farm animals -1.0% Growth at constantexchange rates-1 3%Overallchange-1.0%1 Growth at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the previous financial year’s)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial year.Quarterly consolidated revenueOur revenue in the first quarter amounted to €314.8 million  down slightly by -1.0% at real rates and -1.3% at constant exchange rates compared to the same period in 2022. This change is mainly due to an unfavorable base effect in a context of market slowdown. To a lesser extent  this quarter was also impacted by inventory effects observed in distribution at the end of 2022 in anticipation of price increases implemented at the beginning of this year.In Europe  business was down slightly by -1.4% at real rates (-0.7% at constant exchange rates)  mainly impacted by France and the United Kingdom  which sales’ downturn was offset by the good momentum observed in Northern and Southern Europe  showing respective increases of +4.7% and +3.2% at constant exchange rates. In Asia Pacific  decline at real rates is -3.3% (-0.4% at constant exchange rates): strong sales in farm animals’ products were behind the solid growth in Australia and New Zealand (+10.1% and +8.8% respectively at constant exchange rates)  which offset the decline in Asian countries. Business in the United States remains stable at +0.2% at real exchange rates  and is down -4.4% at constant exchange rates  primarily driven by a base effect and to a lesser extent by a distribution inventory reduction in the first quarter of 2023. Excluding Chile  Latin America recorded the Group’s strongest growth at +21.9% at real rates (+13.0% at constant exchange rates)  driven in particular by the strong contribution of Brazil and Mexico (+19.4% and +17.8% respectively at constant exchange rates). Finally  business at our subsidiary in Chile is down -38.3% at real rates (-41.1% at constant exchange rates)  due to the poor performance of the aquaculture segment with no sales of a parasiticide product in distribution2 since July 2022  as well as the sharp drop in sales of antibiotic ranges and  to a lesser extent  vaccines.In terms of species  the companion animals segment shows an overall decrease of -2.5% (-3.1% at constant exchange rates)  mainly due to the dermatology and parasiticide ranges while the petfood range grew by +10%. The farm animal segment recorded a slight decrease of -1.6% (-1.0% at constant exchange rates)  mainly due to the decrease in aquaculture (-43.1% at constant exchange rates) and  to a lesser extent  to the decrease in the swine segment (-4.8% at constant exchange rates)  which was largely offset by the ruminant sector  which increased by +5.3% at constant exchange rates. On another note  our toll manufacturing activity grew significantly with +44.2% at constant exchange rates.2023 OutlookTaking into account the base effect  we confirm as of today our revenue growth forecasts of between 4% and 6% at constant exchange rates and scope. The 2023 ratio of “Current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue” is also confirmed around 13%-14% at constant exchange rates. Finally  excluding potential acquisitions  and at constant exchange rates  our cash position is expected to remain constant compared to the end of 2022.2 Following the withdrawal by the Chilean Maritime Authority of the market authorization for this product in July of 2022A lifelong commitment to the health of animalsAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services enables us to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of the health of animals together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A - ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,negative,0.0,0.13,0.86,negative,0.0,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Slight decline', 'first-quarter revenue', 'base effect', 'market slowdown', 'VIRBAC', 'context', 'toll manufacturing activity', 'Current operating profit', 'Chilean Maritime Authority', 'identical exchange rates', 'Financial Affairs Department', 'constant exchange rates', 'exchange rate variations', 'previous financial year', 'Quarterly consolidated revenue', 'real exchange rates', 'unfavorable base effect', 'distribution inventory reduction', 'farm animal segment', 'revenue growth forecasts', 'companion animals segment', 'farm animals’ products', 'real rates', 'inventory effects', 'animal owners', 'swine segment', 'FIGURES Revenue', 'same period', 'market slowdown', 'lesser extent', 'price increases', 'United Kingdom', 'good momentum', 'respective increases', 'Asia Pacific', 'New Zealand', 'United States', 'Latin America', 'strong contribution', 'poor performance', 'sharp drop', 'antibiotic ranges', 'parasiticide ranges', 'ruminant sector', 'cash position', 'market authorization', 'lifelong commitment', 'innovative solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'subfund A', 'ISIN code', 'organic growth', 'solid growth', 'strongest growth', '1st quarter', 'first quarter', 'Southern Europe', 'Asian countries', 'parasiticide product', 'overall decrease', 'petfood range', 'slight decrease', 'potential acquisitions', 'sales’ downturn', 'strong sales', '1 Growth', '100 countries', 'scope', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'context', 'end', 'anticipation', 'beginning', 'business', 'France', 'Northern', 'decline', 'Australia', 'Group', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'subsidiary', 'distribution2', 'July', 'vaccines', 'terms', 'species', 'dermatology', 'note', '2023 Outlook', 'account', 'today', '2023 ratio', 'depreciation', 'assets', 'withdrawal', 'health', 'Virbac', 'veterinarians', 'farmers', 'world', 'services', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel.', 'email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-reports-two-year-efficacy-and-safety-data-of-obefazimod-phase-2b-maintenance-trial-in-ulcerat-43523517/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Abivax reports two-year efficacy and safety data of obefazimod phase 2b maintenance trial in ulcerative colitis,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: Study resultsAbivax reports two-year efficacy and safety data of obefazimod phase 2b maintenance trial in ulcerative colitis 17.04.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): Study resultsAbivax reports two-year efficacy and safety data of obefazimod phase 2b maintenance trial in ulcerative colitis17.04.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax reports two-year efficacy and safety data of obefazimod phase 2b maintenance trial in ulcerative colitisThe analysis demonstrates clinical remission in 52.5% (n=114) of 217 moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) patients (intent-to-treat population  ITT) after two years (96 weeks) of once-daily oral 50mg obefazimodIn the subgroup of patients who did not achieve a clinical remission after the 8-week induction study  48.2% of the patients (n=81) achieved a de novo clinical remission after two yearsEndoscopic improvement and endoscopic remission at two years were achieved by 59.0% (n=128) and 35.9% (n=78) of the patients respectivelyThe safety and tolerability profile observed was consistent with previous findings and no safety signals were observedPARIS  France  April 17  2023 – 06:00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today reports the results from the final analysis of its Phase 2b open-label maintenance study  including 164 patients who completed the second year of once-daily oral treatment with 50mg obefazimod. These data emphasize obefazimod’s potential to maintain and further improve patient outcomes over time  as well as its safety and tolerability profile suitable for chronic use.Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax  said: “These two-year maintenance results are a strong confirmation of obefazimod’s potential to swiftly induce and  more importantly  maintain long-term efficacy in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis.”  and Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  CMO of Abivax  added: “Patients suffering from chronic inflammatory diseases  such as UC  often struggle to find a long-term effective treatment. The existing high unmet medical need results from the significant proportion of UC patients who stop responding to currently available therapies within the first year of treatment  or who do not respond at all. Therefore  at Abivax  we want to make our drug-candidate obefazimod available as quickly as possible to patients suffering from ulcerative colitis and we believe that it has the potential to make a real difference to control the disease in the long run.”Prof. Bruce Sands  M.D.  M.S.  the Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor of Medicine at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai  and Chief of the Dr. Henry D. Janowitz Division of Gastroenterology at Mount Sinai Health System  New York  NY  and principal investigator of the trials in the US  commented: “I am excited about the two-year efficacy results of the Phase 2b trial of obefazimod in patients suffering from moderate to severe UC. The rates of maintained efficacy observed at 96 weeks are excellent. Moreover  obefazimod also continues to show excellent safety and is well-tolerated by patients  which is important for its chronic  once-daily use. I am optimistic that the ongoing Phase 3 program with obefazimod in UC will confirm these very encouraging data. Patients  as well as gastroenterologists  are in need of a medication that is efficacious over a long period of time  safe and well-tolerated  and easy to administer at the same time.”(Dr. Bruce Sands is a paid consultant for Abivax and a member of the Steering Committee for the Phase 3 program. He has not been compensated for any media work.)Obefazimod Phase 2b clinical maintenance trial results in ulcerative colitis97.7% (n=217/222) of all patients who completed the Phase 2b induction study  irrespective of treatments or treatment outcome during the induction phase  enrolled in the open-label maintenance study to evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy profile of obefazimod for up to two years.The final analysis after two years of treatment from the Phase 2b open-label extension study in UC included the intent-to-treat population (ITT) of 217 patients who enrolled into the maintenance study with 50mg obefazimod once-daily oral:Results at week 96* ITT after 96 weeksn=217(Non-responder imputation) Clinical remission[1] 52.5% (n=114) Endoscopic improvement[2] 59.0% (n=128) Endoscopic remission[3] 35.9% (n=78) Clinical response[4] 70.5% (n=153)* Drop outs were considered as treatment failures in the ITT analysis (30 patients dropped out during the first year; 6 patients did not qualify for the second year of treatment due to non-response after the first year and 17 patients dropped out during the second year).Among the 217 patients who continued their treatment with 50mg once-daily oral obefazimod  49 were already in clinical remission after the 8-week induction trial. 67.3% (n=33) out of these 49 patients stayed in clinical remission during the maintenance treatment. Further  out of the 168 patients who were not in clinical remission at the end of the induction phase  48.2% (n=81) showed a de novo clinical remission at the end of the two-year maintenance therapy with obefazimod.Furthermore  the clinical remission rate for patients who did not show at least a clinical response at the end of the 8-week induction phase was 43.0% (n=40) after two years of treatment  demonstrating that long-term administration of obefazimod provided substantial clinical benefits also for these patients.75% (n=164/217) of the patients included in the maintenance trial completed two years of once-daily oral dosing with 50mg obefazimod. 30 patients dropped out during the first year of treatment. 6 patients did not qualify for the second year due to non-response after the first year of treatment  and 17 patients dropped out during the second year. These patients were all considered as treatment failures in the ITT analysis.During the induction and the maintenance treatments of the Phase 2b trial  the safety and tolerability profile observed was consistent with previous findings and no safety signals were observed.254 patients with moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis were enrolled into the phase 2b clinical study and dosed within three once-daily oral obefazimod treatment groups (25mg  50mg and 100mg) or placebo. 50% of these patients had inadequate response  loss of response  or intolerance to biologics and/or JAK inhibitor treatments while the other 50% were refractory to conventional treatments. Endoscopies were read centrally and blinded by independent reviewers. The baseline disease characteristics were well balanced across all obefazimod dose groups and the placebo group. Enrolled patients suffered from longstanding UC with an overall mean disease duration of 8.05 years and 71.4% of the patients had a severe disease profile (baseline modified Mayo Score of 7 to 9 points).As of November 2022 (last safety data cut-off)  1 074 patients and volunteers were treated with obefazimod  of which 209 patients have been treated with 50mg obefazimod for one year or more. To date  no signal of opportunistic infections or malignancies have been detected.*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.[1] Clinical remission (per Modified Mayo Score) is defined as stool frequency subscore (SFS) ≤1  rectal bleeding subscore (RBS) of 0 and endoscopic subscore ≤1.[2] Endoscopic improvement is defined as endoscopic subscore ≤1.[3] Endoscopic remission is defined as endoscopic subscore = 0.[4] Clinical response (per Modified Mayo Score) is defined as a decrease from baseline in the Modified Mayo Score ≥2 points and ≥30% from baseline  plus a decrease in RBS ≥1 or an absolute RBS ≤1.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.11,0.41,True,English,"['obefazimod phase 2b maintenance trial', 'two-year efficacy', 'safety data', 'ulcerative colitis', 'Abivax', 'existing high unmet medical need results', 'Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor', 'Dr. Henry D. Janowitz Division', 'Obefazimod Phase 2b clinical maintenance trial', 'Phase 2b open-label extension study', 'Phase 2b open-label maintenance study', 'obefazimod phase 2b maintenance trial', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'Phase 2b induction study', '217 moderate to severe ulcerative colitis', 'Phase 2b trial', 'de novo clinical remission', 'Mount Sinai Health System', '8-week induction trial', 'Dr. Bruce Sands', 'Prof. Bruce Sands', 'ongoing Phase 3 program', '8-week induction study', 'two-year maintenance results', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'two-year efficacy results', 'long-term effective treatment', 'induction phase', 'Study results', 'maintenance treatment', 'immune system', 'severe UC', 'M.D.', 'long-term efficacy', 'drug-candidate obefazimod', 'oral obefazimod', 'endoscopic remission', 'Clinical response', 'chronic use', 'long-term safety', '50mg obefazimod', 'Key word', 'two years', 'Endoscopic improvement', 'tolerability profile', 'previous findings', 'second year', 'patient outcomes', 'strong confirmation', 'Sheldon Sloan', 'M. Bioethics', 'significant proportion', 'first year', 'real difference', 'long run', 'M.S.', 'Icahn School', 'New York', 'principal investigator', 'long period', 'Steering Committee', 'media work', 'efficacy profile', 'Non-responder imputation', 'Drop outs', 'final analysis', 'encouraging data', 'safety signals', 'excellent safety', 'oral treatment', 'treatment outcome', 'treatment failures', 'Euronext Paris', 'safety data', 'same time', 'Abivax SA', 'ITT analysis', 'UC) patients', 'UC patients', '164 patients', '217 patients', '6 patients', '49 patients', 'EQS-News', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'population', '96 weeks', 'subgroup', 'France', 'April', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'potential', 'CEO', 'CMO', 'therapies', 'Medicine', 'Chief', 'Gastroenterology', 'trials', 'rates', 'gastroenterologists', 'medication', 'consultant', 'member', 'treatments', '168 pa', '06:00']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ucb-announces-fintepla-fenfluramine-oral-solution-is-now-descheduled-and-is-no-longer-listed-as-a-controlled-substance-301798777.html,UCB Announces FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine) Oral Solution Is Now Descheduled and Is No Longer Listed as a Controlled Substance,ATLANTA  April 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB (Euronext: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has published a final rule stating that FINTEPLA oral solution is no longer subject to the Controll…,"ATLANTA  April 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB (Euronext: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has published a final rule stating that FINTEPLA oral solution is no longer subject to the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). This change is immediate.The DEA rule means all federally controlled substance restrictions have been removed for FINTEPLA. UCB will now begin the process of updating the compendia in states where they hold licensure. Once this process is completed  in most cases prescribers will be able to write a prescription for a full year's supply versus the current limitation of six months. Additionally  the descheduling will enable prescribers to send a prescription to pharmacies electronically.""We are pleased that FINTEPLA  which has a unique mechanism of action different from and complementary to other anti-seizure medications  has been descheduled and can help even more patients and families living with Dravet syndrome and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome manage the impact and burden of seizures "" said Brad Chapman  Head of U.S. Epilepsy and Rare Syndromes  UCB. ""Physicians will now have the option to issue an electronic prescription for FINTEPLA rather than requiring patients to obtain a written prescription to access this important therapy  which may be simpler and a better experience for all involved.""FINTEPLA is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet Syndrome (DS) and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome (LGS) in patients 2 years of age and older.1 Following FDA approval  FINTEPLA was initially placed in Schedule IV of the CSA. Following receipt of this DEA rule  UCB has filed a labeling supplement with the FDA to remove Schedule IV designation from FINTEPLA.""It is vitally important that our patient community has easy access to medicines that potentially reduce life-threatening and deadly seizures "" said Mary Anne Meskis  Executive Director of the Dravet Syndrome Foundation. ""We are pleased to hear of the descheduling of FINTEPLA  which will remove roadblocks to access and ease caregiver burden.""FINTEPLA was approved by the FDA for the treatment of DS in patients 2 years and older in June 2020 and for the treatment of LGS in patients 2 years and older in March 2022. FINTEPLA was developed by Zogenix  Inc.  which was acquired by UCB in March 2022. The acquisition is consistent with UCB's sustainable patient value strategy and continued commitment to providing world-leading patient value to all people living with epilepsy  with an increasing focus on creating value and new solutions that address the unmet needs of people with certain specialized or rare types of epilepsy  where few or no options exist.About Dravet SyndromeDravet syndrome is a rare  devastating and life-long form of developmental and epileptic encephalopathy that generally begins in infancy and is marked by frequent  treatment-resistant seizures  significant developmental  motor  and behavioral impairments  and an increased risk of mortality and sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). Most patients follow a course of developmental delay with cognitive  motor  and behavioral deficits that persist into adulthood. Dravet syndrome severely impacts quality of life for patients  families  and caregivers due to the high physical  emotional  caregiving  and financial burden associated with the disease.2 3 4About Lennox-Gastaut SyndromeLennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) is a severe childhood-onset developmental and epileptic encephalopathy characterized by drug-resistant seizures with high morbidity5 as well as serious impairment of neurodevelopmental  cognitive  and motor functions.6 LGS affects an estimated 30 000 to 50 000 patients in the U.S.7 LGS has far-reaching effects beyond seizures  including issues with communication  psychiatric symptoms  sleep  behavioral challenges  and mobility.8 Additionally  sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) is a major concern for people living with LGS.9About FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine)1In the U.S.  FINTEPLA is approved for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome (DS) and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients 2 years of age and older.FINTEPLA is available in the U.S. through the FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Further information is available at www.FinteplaREMS.com or by telephone at 1-877-964-3649.Please see full Prescribing Information  including Boxed Warning  for additional important information on FINTEPLA.INDICATIONFINTEPLA is a prescription medicine used to treat seizures associated with Dravet syndrome and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in patients 2 years of age and older.It is not known if FINTEPLA is safe and effective in children less than 2 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONFINTEPLA can cause serious side effects  including:1. Problems with the valves in the heart (valvular heart disease) and high blood pressure in the arteries of the lungs (pulmonary arterial hypertension) have been associated with fenfluramine  the active ingredient in FINTEPLA. Your healthcare provider will do a test called an echocardiogram to check your heart and to evaluate for high blood pressure in the arteries of the lungs before you start taking FINTEPLA  again every 6 months during treatment  and one time 3 to 6 months after you take your last dose of FINTEPLA.Call your healthcare provider right away if you develop any of these signs and symptoms of heart or lung problems during treatment with FINTEPLA:shortness of breathchest paintiredness or weakness  especially with increased activitysensations of a rapid  fluttering heartbeat (palpitations)lightheadedness or faintingirregular pulseswollen ankles or feetbluish color of your lips and skin (cyanosis)Because of the risk of heart valve problems (valvular heart disease) and high blood pressure in arteries of lungs (pulmonary arterial hypertension)  FINTEPLA is only available through a restricted program called the FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Before you or your child receives FINTEPLA  your healthcare provider or pharmacist will make sure you understand how to take FINTEPLA safely. If you have any questions about FINTEPLA  ask your healthcare provider  visit www.FinteplaREMS.com  or call 1-877-964-3649.2. Decreased appetite and decreased weight. Decreased appetite and decreased weight are both serious and common side effects of FINTEPLA in people with Dravet syndrome (DS) or Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS).Your weight should be checked regularly during your treatment with FINTEPLA.Your healthcare provider may need to make changes to your FINTEPLA dose if your weight decreases. In some cases  FINTEPLA may need to be stopped.3. Sleepiness  sedation  and lack of energy (lethargy). These are both serious and common side effects of FINTEPLA in people with Dravet syndrome (DS) or Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS). Taking FINTEPLA with central nervous system (CNS) depressants  including alcohol  may increase sleepiness. Do not drive  operate heavy machinery  or do other dangerous activities until you know how FINTEPLA affects you.4. Like all other antiepileptic drugs  FINTEPLA may cause suicidal thoughts or actions in a very small number of people (about 1 in 500).Call your healthcare provider right away if you have any of these symptoms  especially if they are new  worse  or worry you:thoughts about suicide or dyingnew or worse anxietytrouble sleeping (insomnia)acting on dangerous impulsesattempts to commit suicidefeeling agitated or restlessnew or worse irritabilityan extreme increase in activity and talking (mania)new or worse depressionpanic attacksacting aggressive  being angry or violentother unusual changes in behavior or moodHow can I watch for early symptoms of suicidal thoughts and actions?Pay attention to any changes  especially sudden changes  in mood  behaviors  thoughts  or feelings.Keep all follow-up visits with your healthcare provider as scheduled.Suicidal thoughts or actions can be caused by things other than medicines. If you have suicidal thoughts or actions  your healthcare provider may check for other causes.5. Do not stop taking FINTEPLA without first talking to your healthcare provider. Stopping a seizure medicine such as FINTEPLA can suddenly cause you to have seizures more often or seizures that do not stop (status epilepticus).Call your healthcare provider between visits as needed  especially if you are worried about symptoms.Do not take FINTEPLA if you:are allergic to fenfluramine or any of the ingredients in FINTEPLA. See below for a complete list of ingredients in FINTEPLA.are taking or have stopped taking medicines called monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) in the last 14 days. This may cause a serious or life-threatening problem called serotonin syndrome. If you are not sure whether or not you are taking one of these medicines  contact your healthcare provider.Before taking FINTEPLA  tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:have heart problemshave or have had weight losshave or have had depression  mood problems  or suicidal thoughts or behaviorhave kidney problemshave liver problemsare pregnant or plan to become pregnant. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you become pregnant while taking FINTEPLA. You and your healthcare provider will decide if you should take FINTEPLA while you are pregnant.If you become pregnant while taking FINTEPLA  talk to your healthcare provider about registering with the North American Antiepileptic Drug Pregnancy Registry. You can enroll in this registry by calling 1-888-233-2334 or go to www.aedpregnancyregistry.org. The purpose of this registry is to collect information about the safety of antiepileptic drugs during pregnancy.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known if FINTEPLA passes into your breast milk. Talk to your healthcare provider about the best way to feed your baby while taking FINTEPLA.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Know the medicines you take. Keep a list of them to show your healthcare provider or pharmacist when you get a new medicine.How should I take FINTEPLA?Read the Instructions for Use for information on the right way to use FINTEPLA.for information on the right way to use FINTEPLA. Take FINTEPLA exactly as your healthcare provider tells you to take it.Your healthcare provider will tell you how much FINTEPLA to take and when to take it.FINTEPLA may be taken with or without food.Measure your dose of FINTEPLA using the dosing syringe that is provided by the pharmacy. Do not use a household teaspoon or tablespoon.FINTEPLA can be given through gastric and nasogastric feeding tubes.What should I avoid while taking FINTEPLA?Do not drive  operate heavy machinery  or do other dangerous activities until you know how FINTEPLA affects you. FINTEPLA may cause you to feel sleepy.What are the possible side effects of FINTEPLA?FINTEPLA may cause serious side effects  including:See "" FINTEPLA can cause serious side effects"" aboveSerotonin syndrome. Serotonin syndrome is a life-threatening problem that can happen in people taking FINTEPLA  especially if FINTEPLA is taken with certain other medicines including: anti-depressant medicines called SSRIs  SNRIs  TCAs  and MAOIs; tryptophan; lithium; antipsychotics; St. John's Wort; dextromethorphan; tramadol.Call your healthcare provider right away if you have any of the following symptoms of serotonin syndrome:Serotonin syndrome is a life-threatening problem that can happen in people taking FINTEPLA  especially if FINTEPLA is taken with certain other medicines including: anti-depressant medicines called SSRIs  SNRIs  TCAs  and MAOIs; tryptophan; lithium; antipsychotics; St. John's Wort; dextromethorphan; tramadol. Call your healthcare provider right away if you have any of the following symptoms of serotoninmental status changes such as seeing things that are not there (hallucinations)  agitation  or comachanges in blood pressuretight musclesfast heartbeatnausea  vomiting  diarrheahigh body temperaturetrouble walkingHigh blood pressure (hypertension). Hypertension is both a serious and common side effect. FINTEPLA can cause your blood pressure to increase even if you have never had high blood pressure before. Your healthcare provider will check your blood pressure while you are taking FINTEPLA.Hypertension is both a serious and common side effect. FINTEPLA can cause your blood pressure to increase even if you have never had high blood pressure before. Your healthcare provider will check your blood pressure while you are taking FINTEPLA.Increased pressure in your eyes (glaucoma). Symptoms of glaucoma may include:Symptoms of glaucoma may include:red eyesseeing halos or bright colors around lightsnausea or vomitingdecreased visioneye pain or discomfortblurred visionIf you have any of these symptoms  call your healthcare provider right away.The most common side effects of FINTEPLA when used to treat Dravet syndrome (DS) include:decreased appetitediarrhealow energyrespiratory infectiondecreased weightfeverconstipationabnormal echocardiogramsleepinessproblems with movement  balance  and walkingincreased droolingincreased blood pressurevomitingfallsseizures that do not stopweaknessThe most common side effects of FINTEPLA when used to treat Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) include :diarrheatirednessvomitingsleepinessdecreased appetiteThese are not all the possible side effects of FINTEPLA. For more information  ask your healthcare provider or pharmacist. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away.Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the FDA at 1–800–FDA–1088.Keep FINTEPLA and all medicines out of the reach of children.General information about the safe and effective use of FINTEPLA.Medicines are sometimes prescribed for purposes other than those listed in a Medication Guide. Do not use FINTEPLA for a condition for which it was not prescribed. Do not give FINTEPLA to other people  even if they have the same symptoms that you have. It may harm them.What are the ingredients in FINTEPLA?Active ingredient: fenfluramine hydrochlorideInactive ingredients: cherry flavor  citric acid  ethylparaben  hydroxyethylcellulose  methylparaben  potassium citrate  sucralose  and water.FINTEPLA contains no ingredient made from gluten-containing grain (wheat  barley  or rye) and contains not more than 0.1% of carbohydrates  which is from the cherry flavoring.Please see full Prescribing Information  including Medication Guide  for additional Important Safety Information on FINTEPLA.For further information  contact UCB:Corporate CommunicationsBecky Malone  U.S. Media RelationsT +919.605.9600[email protected]Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.9414[email protected]About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.8 billion in 2021. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCBUSA.Forward looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including but not limited to  the ability of UCB to successfully integrate the operations of Zogenix as planned or at all  estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB' efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.ReferencesFINTEPLA oral solution. U.S. Prescribing Information: Smyrna  GA : UCB  Inc. . Dravet C. The Core Dravet Syndrome Phenotype. Epilepsia. 2011 Apr;52 Suppl 2:3-9. 2. Dravet C. Dravet syndrome history. Dev Med Child Neurol. 2011 Apr;53 Suppl 2:1-6. Wu YW  Sullivan J  McDaniel SS  et al. Incidence of Dravet Syndrome in the US Population. Pediatrics. 2015 Nov;136(5):e1310-1315. Strzelczyk A  Schubert-Bast S. Expanding the treatment landscape for Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome: current and future strategies. CNS Drugs. 2021;35(1):61-83. Arzimanoglou A  French J  Blume WT  et al. Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: a consensus approach on diagnosis  assessment  management  and trial methodology. Lancet Neurol. 2009;8(1):82-93. LGS Foundation. LGS characteristics and major concerns survey. https://www.lgsfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/2019-PFDD-Caregiver-Survey-1.pdf. Accessed March 2022 . Mastrangelo M. Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome: a state of the art review. Neuropediatrics. 2017;48(3):143-151. Harden C  Tomson T  et al. Practice guideline summary: Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy incidence rates and risk factors: Report of the Guideline Development  Dissemination  and Implementation Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the American Epilepsy Society. Neurology. 2017;88(17):1674-1680.FINTEPLA® is a registered trademark of the UCB Group of Companies.©2023 UCB  Inc.  Smyrna  GA 30080. All rights reserved. US-P-FA-DS-2300217SOURCE UCB",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.15,0.53,True,English,"['fenfluramine) Oral Solution', 'Controlled Substance', 'UCB', 'FINTEPLA®', 'U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration', 'federally controlled substance restrictions', 'high physical, emotional, caregiving', 'sustainable patient value strategy', 'Controlled Substances Act', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'other anti-seizure medications', 'U.S. Food', 'Mary Anne Meskis', 'sudden unexpected death', 'high blood pressure', 'pulmonary arterial hypertension', 'world-leading patient value', 'additional important information', 'IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION', 'full Prescribing Information', 'Schedule IV designation', 'severe childhood-onset developmental', 'serious side effects', 'frequent, treatment-resistant seizures', 'U.S. Epilepsy', 'The DEA rule', 'U.S.7 LGS', 'FINTEPLA oral solution', 'Dravet Syndrome Foundation', 'Drug Administration', 'valvular heart disease', 'FINTEPLA Risk Evaluation', 'patient community', 'high morbidity5', 'Mitigation Strategy', 'Further information', 'important therapy', 'full year', 'increased risk', 'serious impairment', 'reaching effects', 'final rule', 'Lennox-Gastaut syndrome', 'most cases', 'current limitation', 'six months', 'unique mechanism', 'Brad Chapman', 'Rare Syndromes', 'labeling supplement', 'Executive Director', 'continued commitment', 'increasing focus', 'new solutions', 'unmet needs', 'rare types', 'rare, devastating', 'life-long form', 'epileptic encephalopathy', 'behavioral impairments', 'developmental delay', 'behavioral deficits', 'motor functions', 'psychiatric symptoms', 'behavioral challenges', 'major concern', 'REMS) Program', 'Boxed Warning', 'caregiver burden', 'financial burden', 'electronic prescription', 'written prescription', 'prescription medicine', 'easy access', 'deadly seizures', 'drug-resistant seizures', 'FDA approval', 'Most patients', '30,000 to 50,000 patients', 'LGS.9', 'FINTEPLA®', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'UCB', 'Euronext', 'CSA', 'change', 'process', 'compendia', 'states', 'licensure', 'prescribers', 'supply', 'descheduling', 'pharmacies', 'action', 'families', 'impact', 'Head', 'Physicians', 'option', 'experience', '2 years', 'age', 'receipt', 'medicines', 'life-threatening', 'roadblocks', 'June', 'March', 'Zogenix', 'acquisition', 'people', 'specialized', 'infancy', 'mortality', 'SUDEP', 'course', 'adulthood', 'quality', 'caregivers', 'issues', 'communication', 'sleep', 'mobility', 'fenfluramine', 'FinteplaREMS', 'telephone', 'INDICATION', 'children', 'less', 'Problems', 'valves', 'arteries', 'lungs']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,prnewswire.com
23120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/business-news/mergers-acquisitions/italian-design-brands-to-raise-70m-in-ipo-1235614992/,Italian Design Brands to Raise 70M Euros in IPO,The Italian furniture  interiors  lighting and kitchens firm said the capital increase would be used to fuel its strategy and fund M&A activity. Its IPO is expected to begin in May of this year.,MILAN — Italian Design Brands  one of the nation’s largest high-end furniture and design holdings  confirmed on Monday its intention to list its shares on Euronext Milan  a regulated market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana.Established in 2015 by Private Equity Partners and a select group of investors through a company called Investindesign  the Milan-based company said the offering would consist of newly issued ordinary shares for an overall value of 70 million euros and existing ordinary shares offered by the company’s shareholders  in order to reach free float of at least 25 percent of the share capital resulting from the completion of the listing. The offering will also include a greenshoe option.Andrea Sasso  chairman and CEO of IDB Group. Courtesy photo IDB Group“The proceeds from the capital Increase will be used by the company to support the implementation of its strategic objectives  allocating them to the implementation of the organic growth strategy  according to the objectives described in the business plan  the financing of the M&A activity  and sustain the capital expenditures and the working capital ” the company said in a statement.IDB has already filed its prospectus statement to Italy’s market watchdog Consob. Upon approval  the offering is expected to start in May 2023. Citigroup and Italian investment bank Equita are acting as joint global coordinators  IDB said.“IDB’s listing project on Euronext Milan and  if the conditions are right  on the Star segment  remains valid and confirmed for the first half of this year  market conditions permitting ” its chief executive officer Andrea Sasso said in an interview with WWD last month. “The IPO is a tremendous pull factor for our companies  which will help bring in new talent and top-level managers ” he added.Last month  the group reported that its adjusted net profit almost doubled in 2022  reaching 25.5 million euros  compared to 13.3 million euros in 2021. Sales also rocketed 84.8 percent on a pro-forma basis to 266.5 million euros. Italian Design Brands’ adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization rose 111 percent to 49.2 million euros in 2022  with a pro-forma margin of 18.5 percent  up from 16.2 percent in 2021  IDB said.In June 2022  IDB acquired the majority of Gamma Arredamenti International  an Italian company specializing in the production of upholstered furniture. In an operation that was finalized earlier this year  IDB entered into the kitchen and systems sector with a majority stake in Cubo Design  an Abruzzo  Italy-based company which owns the Binova and Miton Cucine brands  specializing in the production of modular kitchens and systems.In total  IDB’s portfolio includes 10 companies and 13 brands including upscale furniture brands Saba Italia  Gervasoni  Meridiani  lighting companies Davide Groppi  Axolight and Flexalighting in North America  as well as luxury contract companies like Modar and Cenacchi International  which makes installation of luxury furnishings for stores  showrooms  offices  hotels and prestigious homes anywhere in the world.“The company has pursued and will keep pursuing a clear and effective growth strategy through M&A activity  with the objective of consolidating its international presence in the market steadily integrating new companies ” IDB added.Its luxury contract business surged 73.6 percent in 2022 to 68.3 million euros  while its furniture business rose 39.6 percent to 117 million euros on a pro-forma basis.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', '70M Euros', 'IPO', 'Courtesy photo IDB Group', 'Private Equity Partners', 'organic growth strategy', 'M&A activity', 'joint global coordinators', 'chief executive officer', 'tremendous pull factor', 'effective growth strategy', 'Italian investment bank', 'largest high-end furniture', 'Miton Cucine brands', 'Gamma Arredamenti International', 'market watchdog Consob', 'upscale furniture brands', 'luxury contract business', 'Italian Design Brands', 'existing ordinary shares', 'luxury contract companies', 'furniture business', 'luxury furnishings', 'upholstered furniture', 'design holdings', 'business plan', 'Cubo Design', 'Cenacchi International', 'international presence', 'select group', 'Italian company', 'regulated market', 'Borsa Italiana', 'overall value', '70 million euros', 'free float', 'share capital', 'greenshoe option', 'Andrea Sasso', 'capital Increase', 'capital expenditures', 'working capital', 'Star segment', 'first half', 'new talent', 'top-level managers', 'net profit', '25.5 million euros', '13.3 million euros', 'pro-forma basis', '266.5 million euros', '49.2 million euros', 'pro-forma margin', 'modular kitchens', 'Saba Italia', 'Davide Groppi', 'North America', 'prestigious homes', '68.3 million euros', '117 million euros', 'lighting companies', 'new companies', 'Euronext Milan', 'strategic objectives', 'prospectus statement', 'listing project', 'market conditions', 'systems sector', 'majority stake', 'Milan-based company', 'Italy-based company', '13 brands', '10 companies', 'Monday', 'intention', 'investors', 'offering', 'shareholders', 'order', '25 percent', 'completion', 'chairman', 'CEO', 'proceeds', 'implementation', 'financing', 'approval', 'May', 'Citigroup', 'Equita', 'year', 'interview', 'WWD', 'IPO', 'Sales', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', '18.5 percent', '16.2 percent', 'June', 'production', 'operation', 'Abruzzo', 'Binova', 'total', 'portfolio', 'Gervasoni', 'Meridiani', 'Axolight', 'Flexalighting', 'Modar', 'installation', 'stores', 'showrooms', 'offices', 'hotels', 'world', 'clear', '2022']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,wwd.com
23121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-2022-annual-results-a-year-focused-on-development-before-a-bold-202-43523608/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Don't Nod Entertainment :  2022 annual results - a year focused on development  before a bold 2023-2025 release cycle,(marketscreener.com)  Rich line-up of eight intellectual property titles in production over the 2022-2025 period  with two releases announced for 2023: Harmony: The Fall of Reverie in June and Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden at year-endRecord operating reve…,"Rich line-up of eight intellectual property titles in production over the 2022-2025 period  with two releases announced for 2023: Harmony: The Fall of Reverie in June and Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden at year-endRecord operating revenues  up 12.5%Operating EBIT of €3.1 millionNet income of €2.6 millionCash and cash equivalents of €34.9 million and additional financing of €45.9 million in February 2023 (post-closing)Paris  April 17  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games  today presents its 2022 full-year consolidated results  as approved by the Board of Directors on April 17  2023. The Statutory Auditors have completed their audit assignment and the 2022 financial report will be published in the coming days  at the latest on April 30  2023.Oskar Guilbert  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DON'T NOD  said: “2022 ends a two-year cycle primarily dedicated to building the richest intellectual property line-up in DON'T NOD's history. This demonstrates our ability to harness talent to ramp up production output. At the same time  we also managed to unite three third-party studios and market our first external co-production. Backed by a team of over 360 people  we remain one of the most attractive studios in Europe and Canada.After focusing all our efforts on content creation and publishing  in 2023 we will start an unprecedented cycle of releases  generating profitable and sustainable growth. Two games have already been announced for 2023  including Harmony: The Fall of Reverie in June  and our most ambitious action-RPG game Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden at the end of 2023.Finally  we are entering the new year with greatly increased financial resources  which will help us strengthen our position in action-RPG  a proven segment with strong sales potential  and ensure a robust release rate beyond 2025.”Audited consolidated figures in €000 2021 2022 Revenues 10 501 7 049 - incl. development 4 763 6 110 - incl. sales 5 738 939 Capitalized production[1] 16 168 22 964 Total operating revenues[2] 26 669 30 012 Other operating revenues 99 187 Total operating expenses (excl. depreciation  amortization and provisions) (25 349) (33 551) Tax credits (including CIJV) 4 411 6 850 Operating EBITDA[3] (including tax credits) 5 831 3 498 Depreciation and amortization (9 275) (124) Deferred taxes (97) (252) Operating EBIT[4] (including tax credits) (3 541) 3 122 Financial income/(expense) 202 388 Non-recurring income/(expenses) 396 (646) Amortization of goodwill (314) (314) Consolidated net income/(loss) (3 257) 2 551Controlled ramp-up of the eight production lines at the end of 2022DON'T NOD 2022 operating revenues were up 12.5% year on year to €30.0 million  reflecting:a 42% increase in capitalized production to €23.0 million  in keeping with the bold 2022-2025 line-up comprising eight games under development revenues from development operations up 28.3% driven by the ramp-up of Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden in partnership with Focus Entertainment  scheduled for release end of 2023 revenues from Gerda: A Flame in Winter and back catalog sales totaling €0.9 million in 2022. The studio experienced a challenging basis for comparison with 2021 (Twin Mirror guaranteed minimum amount).Operating EBIT of €3.1 millionAs expected  the 2022 results reflect the ramp-up of ongoing game developments.Staff costs[5] came to €24.2 million in 2022  up 29.5% from €18.7 million a year earlier due to the recruitment of new talent required for the ramp-up of the six in-house production lines. Other expenses  up 41.5% to €8.9 million in 2022  included subcontracting commitments relating to the progress of development cycles  as well as marketing and publishing costs incurred.As such  operating EBITDA including tax credits (French and Canadian) amounted to €3.5 million in 2022  down €2.3 million compared to 2021  in line with the transitional decrease in revenues from sales during a period marked by the absence of any major releases along with ongoing developments.After depreciation  amortization and provisions (non-material over the period)  operating EBIT including tax credits amounted to €3.1 million  a significant improvement compared to 2021.Consolidated net income for 2022 rose sharply to €2.6 million compared to a €3.3 million loss in 2021.Solid financial structure  greatly strengthened post-closingASSETS 2021 2022 EQUITY & LIABILITIES 2021 2022 Fixed assets 29 889 52 974 Shareholders' equity 85 618 88 073 Inventories & work in progress - - Provisions 2 141 2 286 Trade receivables 1 381 3 538 Borrowings 4 106 4 324 Other receivables 6 370 8 814 Trade payables 1 368 1 498 Cash & cash equivalent 58 438 34 907 Other payables 2 845 4 052 TOTAL 96 078 100 233 TOTAL 96 078 100 233In 2022  DON'T NOD generated positive gross operating cash flow of €3.8 million  versus €5.9 million in 2021. 2022 capital expenditure (€22.8 million) primarily focused on the rich and mainly self-published line-up scheduled to be delivered between 2023 and 2025.At December 31  2022  borrowings (including a €3.6 million state-guaranteed loan repayable at maturity in 2026) totaled €4.3 million  up from €4.1 million in 2021  and DON'T NOD's shareholders' equity stood at €88.1 million.In February 2023 (post-closing)  DON'T NOD significantly strengthened its equity and cash position through a €45.9 million capital increase subscribed by institutional and individual investors and Tencent Holdings Limited (€36 million)  aiming to consolidate its position in the action-RPG segment beyond 2025.Outlook and development2023 will be marked by the highly anticipated releases of Harmony: The Fall of Reverie in June and Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden at year-end. This game will mark a new stage in the studio's development into action-RPG segment following the massive success of Vampyr (more than two million copies sold).In keeping with its growth target  DON'T NOD will continue to develop a robust portfolio of assets  comprising six intellectual property titles  including four developed in-house and two externally (Studio Tolima and Tiny Bull Studios).Finally  DON'T NOD has solid financial resources enabling it to ensure growth beyond 2025  by:investing in action-RPG  a segment with strong sales potential  andcontinuing to recruit high-level talent in its marketing and publishing departments  while maintaining a controlled management through distribution partnerships to secure revenues.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GuilbertChief Executive OfficerBenoît Gisbert MoraChief Financial Officerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PuissantAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAnne-Catherine BonjourPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - acbonjour@actus.fr[1] Costs incurred on co-produced and self-published games until release[2] Revenues + capitalized production[3] Operating income + Depreciation and amortization charges & provisions net of reversals + tax credits[4] Operating income + tax credits[5] Average headcount of 324 as of 12/31/22 vs 258 as of 12/31/21This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l2ydkZ1sYZqVypxulchub2FpZmhqlpOblpLJxGprapbHbGxgxW5lZ5bIZnBqmG1n- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79381-cp_dne_ra2022_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.07,0.33,True,English,"['bold 2023-2025 release cycle', '2022 annual results', 'Entertainment', 'development', 'positive gross operating cash flow', 'eight intellectual property titles', 'richest intellectual property line-up', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'three third-party studios', 'bold 2022-2025 line-up', 'Solid financial structure', 'ambitious action-RPG game', 'strong sales potential', 'robust release rate', 'eight production lines', 'back catalog sales', 'ongoing game developments', 'house production lines', 'Consolidated net income', '2022 full-year consolidated results', ""DON'T NOD"", 'The Statutory Auditors', 'Record operating revenues', 'Total operating expenses', 'Total operating revenues', 'Other operating revenues', 'eight games', 'ongoing developments', 'consolidated figures', 'self-published line-up', 'Financial income', 'Operating EBIT', 'attractive studios', '2022 operating revenues', 'Non-recurring income', 'Rich line-up', '2022 financial report', 'financial resources', 'Other expenses', 'Other receivables', 'Other payables', 'cash equivalents', 'New Eden', 'additional financing', 'video games', 'audit assignment', 'coming days', 'Oskar Guilbert', 'two-year cycle', 'production output', 'same time', 'content creation', 'unprecedented cycle', 'sustainable growth', 'Two games', 'Capitalized production', 'Tax credits', 'Deferred taxes', 'Focus Entertainment', 'A Flame', 'challenging basis', 'Twin Mirror', 'minimum amount', 'Staff costs', 'subcontracting commitments', 'transitional decrease', 'significant improvement', 'Trade receivables', 'Trade payables', '2022 capital expenditure', '2022-2025 period', 'two releases', 'major releases', 'independent studio', 'new year', 'development operations', 'new talent', 'development cycles', 'publishing costs', '€3.3 million loss', 'Fixed assets', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'Controlled ramp-up', '2022 results', 'Harmony', 'Fall', 'Reverie', 'June', 'Banishers', 'Ghosts', 'year-end', 'February', 'Paris', 'April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chairman', 'history', 'ability', 'team', '360 people', 'Europe', 'Canada', 'efforts', 'profitable', 'position', 'segment', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'CIJV', 'goodwill', '42% increase', 'partnership', 'Gerda', 'Winter', 'recruitment', 'six', 'progress', 'marketing', 'French', 'Canadian', 'absence', 'LIABILITIES', 'Inventories', 'work', '38 Borrowings', 'December', '2023', '50']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENMAB-A-S-63733191/news/Genmab-and-argenx-Enter-Partnership-to-Advance-Antibody-Therapies-in-Immunology-and-Oncology-43517779/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Genmab and argenx Enter Partnership to Advance Antibody Therapies in Immunology and Oncology,(marketscreener.com) Genmab and argenx have entered a multiyear collaboration bringing together capabilities to jointly discover  develop and commercialize antibody therapiesDiscovery programs against two differentiated targets are underwayhttps://ww…,Genmab A/S (Nasdaq: GMAB) and argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX) announced today that Genmab and argenx have entered into a collaboration agreement to jointly discover  develop and commercialize novel therapeutic antibodies with applications in immunology  as well as in oncology therapeutic areas. The multiyear collaboration will leverage the antibody engineering expertise and knowledge of disease biology of both companies to accelerate the identification and development of novel antibody therapeutic candidates with a goal to address unmet patient needs in immunology and cancer.“Genmab is entering the therapeutic area of immunology and inflammation as a steppingstone to achieving its vision that by 2030  our knock-your-socks-off “KYSO” antibody medicines will be transforming the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases ” said Jan van de Winkel  Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer  Genmab. “By partnering with argenx  we will be able to combine our deep knowledge of the biology and therapeutic power of antibodies and have an opportunity to address patients’ needs in oncology as well as in immunology and inflammation.”“Our core mission is to innovate on behalf of patients by translating immunology breakthroughs into novel pipeline candidates. We do this through a model of co-creation which has led to eight molecules demonstrating human proof-of-concept in our pipeline ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer  argenx. “Through our collaboration with Genmab  we are bringing together our combined antibody discovery  development and commercialization expertise to unlock insights on the disease pathways that we will address. This allows us to broaden our capabilities and maximize the opportunity to generate novel therapeutic antibodies within autoimmunity or cancer.”Collaboration DetailsAs per the agreement  argenx and Genmab will each have access to the suites of proprietary antibody technologies of both companies to advance the identification of lead antibody candidates against differentiated disease targets. Under the terms of the agreement  argenx and Genmab will jointly discover  develop and commercialize products emerging from the collaboration while equally sharing costs as well as any potential future profits. The collaboration will initially focus on two differentiated targets  including one within immunology and one within cancer  with the potential to expand to more.About GenmabGenmab is an international biotechnology company with a core purpose guiding its unstoppable team to strive towards improving the lives of patients through innovative and differentiated antibody therapeutics. For more than 20 years  its passionate  innovative and collaborative team has invented next-generation antibody technology platforms and leveraged translational research and data sciences  which has resulted in a proprietary pipeline including bispecific T-cell engagers  next-generation immune checkpoint modulators  effector function enhanced antibodies and antibody-drug conjugates. To help develop and deliver novel antibody therapies to patients  Genmab has formed 20+ strategic partnerships with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. By 2030  Genmab’s vision is to transform the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases with Knock-Your-Socks-Off (KYSO) antibody medicines.Established in 1999  Genmab is headquartered in Copenhagen  Denmark with locations in Utrecht  the Netherlands  Princeton  New Jersey  U.S. and Tokyo  Japan. For more information  please visit Genmab.com and follow us on Twitter.com/Genmab.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and- only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  and the EU. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.Genmab Forward-looking StatementsThis Media Release contains forward looking statements. The words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “intend” and “plan” and similar expressions identify forward looking statements. Actual results or performance may differ materially from any future results or performance expressed or implied by such statements. The important factors that could cause our actual results or performance to differ materially include  among others  risks associated with pre-clinical and clinical development of products  uncertainties related to the outcome and conduct of clinical trials including unforeseen safety issues  uncertainties related to product manufacturing  the lack of market acceptance of our products  our inability to manage growth  the competitive environment in relation to our business area and markets  our inability to attract and retain suitably qualified personnel  the unenforceability or lack of protection of our patents and proprietary rights  our relationships with affiliated entities  changes and developments in technology which may render our products or technologies obsolete  and other factors. For a further discussion of these risks  please refer to the risk management sections in Genmab’s most recent financial reports  which are available on www.genmab.com and the risk factors included in Genmab’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  which are available at www.sec.gov. Genmab does not undertake any obligation to update or revise forward looking statements in this Media Release nor to confirm such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances after the date made or in relation to actual results  unless required by law.Genmab A/S and/or its subsidiaries own the following trademarks: Genmab®; the Y-shaped Genmab logo®; Genmab in combination with the Y-shaped Genmab logo®; HuMax®; DuoBody®; DuoBody in combination with the DuoBody logo®; HexaBody®; HexaBody in combination with the HexaBody logo®; DuoHexaBody® and HexElect®.argenx Forward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward- looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward- looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes regarding the impact of the transition of the chief operating officer; its launch strategy to make VYVGART available in the EU  China  Canada and select other regions; the VYVGART multi-dimensional expansion strategy; its expansion through potential regulatory approvals and launches and the planned launch of SC efgartigimod  if approved; the timing of data readouts and new clinical efficacy data; the regulatory reviews and regulatory approval timing in the United States  EU and Japan for SC efgartigimod for the treatment of gMG and the long-term safety and tolerability of SC efgartigimod; the therapeutic potential of its product candidates; the intended results of its strategy and its collaboration partners’  advancement of  and anticipated clinical development and regulatory milestones and plans  including the timing of planned clinical trials; and the design of future clinical trials and the timing and outcome of regulatory filings and regulatory approvals. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic  inflation and deflation and the corresponding fluctuations in interest rates; regional instability and conflicts  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  argenx’s expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements; argenx’s reliance on collaborations with third parties; estimating the commercial potential of argenx’s product candidates; argenx’s ability to obtain and maintain protection of intellectual property for its technologies and drugs; argenx’s limited operating history; and argenx’s ability to obtain additional funding for operations and to complete the development and commercialization of its product candidates. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230416005028/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['Antibody Therapies', 'Genmab', 'argenx', 'Partnership', 'Immunology', 'Oncology', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'next-generation immune checkpoint modulators', 'Jan van de Winkel', 'next-generation antibody technology platforms', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody therapeutic candidates', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'KYSO” antibody medicines', 'KYSO) antibody medicines', 'other serious diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'lead antibody candidates', 'novel antibody therapies', 'differentiated antibody therapeutics', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'two differentiated targets', 'bispecific T-cell engagers', '20+ strategic partnerships', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'unforeseen safety issues', 'antibody engineering expertise', 'proprietary antibody technologies', 'unmet patient needs', 'novel pipeline candidates', 'differentiated disease targets', 'novel therapeutic antibodies', 'oncology therapeutic areas', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'international biotechnology company', 'potential future profits', 'global immunology company', 'Genmab Forward-looking Statements', 'antibody discovery', 'therapeutic power', 'therapeutic franchises', 'The Company', 'commercialization expertise', 'proprietary pipeline', 'future results', 'disease pathways', 'Ph.D.', 'core mission', 'eight molecules', 'human proof', 'core purpose', 'unstoppable team', 'collaborative team', 'translational research', 'data sciences', 'effector function', 'antibody-drug conjugates', 'New Jersey', 'U.S.', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'Media Release', 'similar expressions', 'Actual results', 'important factors', 'clinical trials', 'product manufacturing', 'market acceptance', 'disease biology', 'patients’ needs', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'multiyear collaboration', 'deep knowledge', 'Collaboration Details', 'passionate, innovative', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'clinical development', 'Genmab A/S', 'Genmab.com', 'collaboration agreement', 'Nasdaq', 'GMAB', 'argenx', 'Euronext', 'ARGX', 'applications', 'identification', 'goal', 'cancer', 'inflammation', 'steppingstone', 'vision', 'lives', 'people', 'opportunity', 'behalf', 'model', 'creation', 'concept', 'insights', 'capabilities', 'autoimmunity', 'access', 'suites', 'terms', 'products', 'costs', '20 years', 'Knock', 'Socks', 'Copenhagen', 'Denmark', 'locations', 'Utrecht', 'Netherlands', 'Princeton', 'Tokyo', 'Japan', 'information', 'Twitter', 'IIP', 'efgartigimod', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'words', 'plan', 'performance', 'others', 'risks', 'pre-clinical', 'uncertainties', 'outcome', 'conduct', 'lack', 'inability']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2647563/0/en/Genmab-and-argenx-Enter-Partnership-to-Advance-Antibody-Therapies-in-Immunology-and-Oncology.html,Genmab and argenx Enter Partnership to Advance Antibody Therapies in Immunology and Oncology,Media ReleaseCOPENHAGEN  Denmark; April 17  2023  Genmab and argenx have entered a multiyear collaboration bringing together capabilities to jointly......,Media ReleaseCOPENHAGEN  Denmark; April 17  2023Genmab and argenx have entered a multiyear collaboration bringing together capabilities to jointly discover  develop and commercialize antibody therapiesDiscovery programs against two differentiated targets are underwayGenmab A/S (Nasdaq: GMAB) and argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX) announced today that Genmab and argenx have entered into a collaboration agreement to jointly discover  develop and commercialize novel therapeutic antibodies with applications in immunology  as well as in oncology therapeutic areas. The multiyear collaboration will leverage the antibody engineering expertise and knowledge of disease biology of both companies to accelerate the identification and development of novel antibody therapeutic candidates with a goal to address unmet patient needs in immunology and cancer.“Genmab is entering the therapeutic area of immunology and inflammation as a steppingstone to achieving its vision that by 2030  our knock-your-socks-off “KYSO” antibody medicines will be transforming the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases ” said Jan van de Winkel  Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer  Genmab. “By partnering with argenx  we will be able to combine our deep knowledge of the biology and therapeutic power of antibodies and have an opportunity to address patients’ needs in oncology as well as in immunology and inflammation.”“Our core mission is to innovate on behalf of patients by translating immunology breakthroughs into novel pipeline candidates. We do this through a model of co-creation which has led to eight molecules demonstrating human proof-of-concept in our pipeline ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer  argenx. “Through our collaboration with Genmab  we are bringing together our combined antibody discovery  development and commercialization expertise to unlock insights on the disease pathways that we will address. This allows us to broaden our capabilities and maximize the opportunity to generate novel therapeutic antibodies within autoimmunity or cancer.”Collaboration DetailsAs per the agreement  argenx and Genmab will each have access to the suites of proprietary antibody technologies of both companies to advance the identification of lead antibody candidates against differentiated disease targets. Under the terms of the agreement  argenx and Genmab will jointly discover  develop and commercialize products emerging from the collaboration while equally sharing costs as well as any potential future profits. The collaboration will initially focus on two differentiated targets  including one within immunology and one within cancer  with the potential to expand to more.About GenmabGenmab is an international biotechnology company with a core purpose guiding its unstoppable team to strive towards improving the lives of patients through innovative and differentiated antibody therapeutics. For more than 20 years  its passionate  innovative and collaborative team has invented next-generation antibody technology platforms and leveraged translational research and data sciences  which has resulted in a proprietary pipeline including bispecific T-cell engagers  next-generation immune checkpoint modulators  effector function enhanced antibodies and antibody-drug conjugates. To help develop and deliver novel antibody therapies to patients  Genmab has formed 20+ strategic partnerships with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. By 2030  Genmab’s vision is to transform the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases with Knock-Your-Socks-Off (KYSO) antibody medicines.Established in 1999  Genmab is headquartered in Copenhagen  Denmark with locations in Utrecht  the Netherlands  Princeton  New Jersey  U.S. and Tokyo  Japan. For more information  please visit Genmab.com and follow us on Twitter.com/Genmab.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and- only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  and the EU. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.Genmab ContactsMediaJyoti Sharma  Director  CommunicationsT: +1 609 480 9844; E: jysh@genmab.comInvestor RelationsAndrew Carlsen  Vice President  Head of Investor RelationsT: +45 3377 9558; E: acn@genmab.comargenx ContactsMediaErin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestorsBeth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comGenmab Forward-looking StatementsThis Media Release contains forward looking statements. The words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “intend” and “plan” and similar expressions identify forward looking statements. Actual results or performance may differ materially from any future results or performance expressed or implied by such statements. The important factors that could cause our actual results or performance to differ materially include  among others  risks associated with pre-clinical and clinical development of products  uncertainties related to the outcome and conduct of clinical trials including unforeseen safety issues  uncertainties related to product manufacturing  the lack of market acceptance of our products  our inability to manage growth  the competitive environment in relation to our business area and markets  our inability to attract and retain suitably qualified personnel  the unenforceability or lack of protection of our patents and proprietary rights  our relationships with affiliated entities  changes and developments in technology which may render our products or technologies obsolete  and other factors. For a further discussion of these risks  please refer to the risk management sections in Genmab’s most recent financial reports  which are available on www.genmab.com and the risk factors included in Genmab’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  which are available at www.sec.gov. Genmab does not undertake any obligation to update or revise forward looking statements in this Media Release nor to confirm such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances after the date made or in relation to actual results  unless required by law.Genmab A/S and/or its subsidiaries own the following trademarks: Genmab®; the Y-shaped Genmab logo®; Genmab in combination with the Y-shaped Genmab logo®; HuMax®; DuoBody®; DuoBody in combination with the DuoBody logo®; HexaBody®; HexaBody in combination with the HexaBody logo®; DuoHexaBody® and HexElect®.argenx Forward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward- looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward- looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes regarding the impact of the transition of the chief operating officer; its launch strategy to make VYVGART available in the EU  China  Canada and select other regions; the VYVGART multi-dimensional expansion strategy; its expansion through potential regulatory approvals and launches and the planned launch of SC efgartigimod  if approved; the timing of data readouts and new clinical efficacy data; the regulatory reviews and regulatory approval timing in the United States  EU and Japan for SC efgartigimod for the treatment of gMG and the long-term safety and tolerability of SC efgartigimod; the therapeutic potential of its product candidates; the intended results of its strategy and its collaboration partners’  advancement of  and anticipated clinical development and regulatory milestones and plans  including the timing of planned clinical trials; and the design of future clinical trials and the timing and outcome of regulatory filings and regulatory approvals. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic  inflation and deflation and the corresponding fluctuations in interest rates; regional instability and conflicts  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  argenx’s expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements; argenx’s reliance on collaborations with third parties; estimating the commercial potential of argenx’s product candidates; argenx’s ability to obtain and maintain protection of intellectual property for its technologies and drugs; argenx’s limited operating history; and argenx’s ability to obtain additional funding for operations and to complete the development and commercialization of its product candidates. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Media Release no. 04CVR no. 2102 3884LEI Code 529900MTJPDPE4MHJ122Genmab A/SKalvebod Brygge 431560 Copenhagen VDenmarkAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.63,True,English,"['Antibody Therapies', 'Genmab', 'argenx', 'Partnership', 'Immunology', 'Oncology', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'next-generation immune checkpoint modulators', 'Jan van de Winkel', 'next-generation antibody technology platforms', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody therapeutic candidates', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'other serious diseases', 'KYSO” antibody medicines', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'KYSO) antibody medicines', 'lead antibody candidates', 'two differentiated targets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'differentiated antibody therapeutics', 'bispecific T-cell engagers', '20+ strategic partnerships', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'novel antibody therapies', 'antibody engineering expertise', 'unmet patient needs', 'novel pipeline candidates', 'proprietary antibody technologies', 'differentiated disease targets', 'potential future profits', 'novel therapeutic antibodies', 'oncology therapeutic areas', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'international biotechnology company', 'global immunology company', 'Genmab Contacts Media', 'argenx Contacts Media', 'Genmab Forward-looking Statements', 'antibody discovery', 'therapeutic power', 'therapeutic franchises', 'The Company', 'Media Release', 'commercialization expertise', 'proprietary pipeline', 'disease pathways', 'Discovery programs', 'Ph.D.', 'core mission', 'eight molecules', 'human proof', 'core purpose', 'unstoppable team', 'collaborative team', 'translational research', 'data sciences', 'antibody-drug conjugates', 'New Jersey', 'U.S.', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'Jyoti Sharma', 'Communications T', 'Investor Relations', 'Andrew Carlsen', 'Vice President', 'Erin Murphy', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'disease biology', 'patients’ needs', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'multiyear collaboration', 'Collaboration Details', 'deep knowledge', 'passionate, innovative', 'Genmab A/S', 'Genmab.com', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'collaboration agreement', 'COPENHAGEN', 'Denmark', 'April', 'capabilities', 'Nasdaq', 'GMAB', 'Euronext', 'ARGX', 'applications', 'identification', 'development', 'goal', 'cancer', 'inflammation', 'steppingstone', 'vision', 'lives', 'people', 'opportunity', 'behalf', 'model', 'creation', 'concept', 'insights', 'autoimmunity', 'access', 'suites', 'terms', 'products', 'costs', '20 years', 'effector', 'Knock', 'Socks', 'locations', 'Utrecht', 'Netherlands', 'Princeton', 'Tokyo', 'Japan', 'information', 'Twitter', 'IIP', 'efgartigimod', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Director', 'Head', 'Investors', 'bdelgiacco', 'words']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RCS-MEDIAGROUP-S-P-A-13323416/news/RCS-MediaGroup-S-p-A-PROXY-FORM-TO-THE-APPOINTED-REPRESENTATIVE-PURSUANT-TO-ARTICLE-135-undecies-o-43518583/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,RCS MediaGroup S p A : PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 135-undecies of Legislative Decree No. 58/1998,(marketscreener.com)   RCS MEDIAGROUP S.p.A.   PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE 58/1998   and to art. 106  paragraph 4 of Decree Law no. 18 of 17 March 2020  on measures to strengthen the N…,"RCS MEDIAGROUP S.p.A.PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE 58/1998and to art. 106  paragraph 4 of Decree Law no. 18 of 17 March 2020  on measures to strengthen the National Health Service and economic support for families  workers and businesses related to the epidemiological emergency of COVID-19 (the""Decreto Cura Italia"") as converted with modifications by Law 24 th April 2020 no. 27  as extended by effect of art. 3  D.L. 228/2021 as converted with modifications by Law 25th February 2022 n. 15  and as further extended by art. 3  paragraph 10- undecies Law Decree no. 198/2022  as converted with modifications by Law 24 February 2023 no. 14.MONTE TITOLI S.p.A.  with registered office in Milan  Piazza degli Affari No. 6  Tax Code No. 03638780159  belonging to the Euronext Group  Group VAT No. 10977060960 (hereinafter ""Monte Titoli"")  acting in the capacity of ""Appointed Representative""  pursuant to Article 135-undecies of Legislative Decree 58/1998 and to art. 106  paragraph 4 of Decreto Cura Italia  taking into account the extension established by D.L. 30th December 2021 no. 228  as converted with modifications by Law 25 th February 2022 n. 15  and the further extension by art. 3  paragraph 10-undecies  Law Decree no. 198/2022  as converted with modifications by Law 24 February 2023 no. 14  of RCS MEDIAGROUP S.p.A. (hereinafter the ""Company"")  in the person of its specifically tasked employee or associate  gathers voting proxies in relation to the Ordinary General Meeting of RCS MEDIAGROUP to be held in Milano  via Rizzoli n. 8  on 8 May 2023  at 10.30 a.m.  single call as set forth in the notice of the shareholders' meeting published on the Company's website at www.rcsmediagroup.itin the ""Governance/Shareholders' Meetings/2023"" section on 29 March 2023   and  as an excerpt  in the daily newspaper ""Corriere della Sera"" on 30 March 2023.The form of proxy with the relating voting instructions shall be received  in original  by Monte Titoli by the end of the second open market day preceding the date set for the Meeting ( i.e.  by 11:59 p.m. of 4 May 2023). The proxies and voting instructions may be revoked within the same deadline.Declaration of the Appointed Representative: Monte Titoli declares that it has no personal interest in the proposed resolutions being voted upon. However  taking into account the existing contractual relationships between Monte Titoli and the Company relating  in particular  to technical assistance at the meeting and ancillary services  in order to avoid any subsequent disputes related to the supposed presence of circumstances suitable for determining the existence of a conflict of interest referred to in article 135-decies  paragraph 2  lett. f)  of the TUF  Monte Titoli expressly declares that  should circumstances which are unknown at the time of issue of the proxy arise  which cannot be communicated to the delegating party  or in the event of modification or integration of the proposals presented to the Shareholders' Meeting  it does not intend to express a vote differentfrom that indicated in the instructions.Please note: This form may be subject to change following any Integration of the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and presentation of new proposed resolutions pursuant to Article 126-bisLegislative Decree 58/1998  or individual proposed resolutions  in accordance with the terms and procedures indicated in the Notice of Call.PROXY FORM (Part 1 of 2)Complete with the information requested at the bottom of the form (§)I  the undersigned (party signing the proxy) (Name and Surname) (*) Born in (*) On (*) Tax identification code or other identification if foreign (*) Resident in (*) Address (*) Phone No. (**) Email (**) Valid ID document (type) (*) Issued by (*) No. (*) (to be enclosed as a copy)(§)The Company will process the personal data in accordance with the information attached.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.25,0.53,True,English,"['RCS MediaGroup S', 'APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT', 'PROXY FORM', 'Legislative Decree', 'THE', 'undecies', 'RCS MEDIAGROUP S.p.A.', 'MONTE TITOLI S.p.A.', 'National Health Service', 'Decreto Cura Italia', 'Piazza degli Affari', 'Governance/Shareholders\' Meetings/2023"" section', 'Corriere della Sera', 'second open market', 'existing contractual relationships', 'Valid ID document', 'Tax identification code', 'new proposed resolutions', 'individual proposed resolutions', 'Tax Code No', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT', 'Article 126-bisLegislative Decree', 'other identification', 'economic support', 'epidemiological emergency', 'th April', 'D.L.', 'VAT No.', '10.30 a', 'daily newspaper', 'same deadline', 'technical assistance', 'ancillary services', 'subsequent disputes', 'supposed presence', 'Phone No.', 'personal data', 'voting instructions', 'Decree Law', 'Law Decree', 'Euronext Group', 'voting proxies', 'single call', 'personal interest', 'delegating party', 'th February', 'PROXY FORM', 'The Company', 'ART.', 'paragraph', '17 March', 'measures', 'families', 'workers', 'businesses', 'COVID', 'modifications', 'effect', 'office', 'Milan', 'capacity', 'account', 'extension', 'undecies', 'employee', 'associate', 'Rizzoli', '8 May', 'notice', 'website', 'rcsmediagroup', '29 March', 'excerpt', '30 March', 'relating', 'original', 'end', 'date', '4 May', 'Declaration', 'order', 'circumstances', 'existence', 'conflict', 'TUF', 'time', 'issue', 'event', 'integration', 'proposals', 'vote', 'change', 'presentation', 'accordance', 'terms', 'procedures', 'information', 'bottom', 'Name', 'foreign', 'Resident', 'Address', 'Email', 'type', 'copy', '11:59']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/17/2648334/0/en/Delta-Drone-The-2022-accounts-reflect-the-in-depth-change-in-the-organization-of-Delta-Drone.html,Delta Drone - The 2022 accounts reflect the in-depth change in the organization of Delta Drone,The 2022 accounts reflect the in-depth changein the organization of Delta Drone    Dardilly  April 17  2023  at 7 p.m.    Faced since the beginning of...,"French EnglishThe 2022 accounts reflect the in-depth changein the organization of Delta DroneDardilly  April 17  2023  at 7 p.m.Faced since the beginning of the second half of 2022 with the difficulties affecting small caps on the financial markets  resulting for Delta Drone in a collapse in its market value and liquidity  the group has reacted by deciding on a radical action plan likely to profoundly modify its structure and organization  and consequently its original economic model.Of the 4 branches that constituted the group until then:The Delta Drone International branch was sold in early 2023.Delta Drone Human Tech business could be sold in the short term.The UDT business is the subject of a phased disposal program.The Delta Drone SA branch has undergone a drastic reorganization.Details of the action plan implemented are presented below  branch by branch.The disposals (and divestment projects) are mainly intended to bring cash to the group  without calling into question the quality and history of the relationships established: even when they have left the group's capital scope  the entities sold will continue to be first-rate business partners  particularly in terms of commercial development.In addition  as part of the action plan to reduce Delta Drone's operating costs  the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Christian Viguié  has decided to relinquish his duties as Chief Executive Officer at the next Annual General Meeting  and therefore the remuneration associated with it. On that date  he will cease to exercise any operational function within the company. This decision will require the implementation of new governance  in particular by identifying a new Chief Executive Officer.The lightening of the only retained branch  Delta Drone SA  is intended to restore the agility necessary to thrive successfully in a market of civilian drones for professional use still largely in the state of construction and structuring.New advantages that the new Delta Drone configuration will have:A reduced workforce of 14 employeesLargely positive cash flow  gradually increased due to the program of disposals of assets from the UDT portfolioA concentration of its commercial development on the security and logistics sectors  thanks to the ISS Spotter  SpotterBot and CountBot systems A close partnership with the Chinese group Sichuan AEE Technology  whose challenges are the industrialization and reliability of existing Delta Drone systems and the exclusive distribution of the AEE range of products and solutions in Europe and Africa. For the record  the Sichuan AEE Technology Group is one of the leading groups in the drone sector in China  long focused on its only domestic market before initiating an internationalization strategy two years agoThe 2022 financial statements have been prepared in line with the action plan initiated  particularly in terms of the value of intangible assets  the 100% of which has been systematically depreciated. At the same time  non-recurring costs related to reorganizations (layoffs in particular) and branch closures also had a heavy impact on the income statement.These accounts should therefore be analysed with caution  as they mainly reflect the importance of the action plan implemented.Summary of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2022(In K€) 2022-12-31 2021-12-31 2022 vs 2021 2022-06-30 IFRS IFRS IFRS IFRS TURNOVER 13 093 15 865 (17 5)% 8 530 Other business income (361) 1 420 (125 4)% (393) Purchases and changes in inventories 4 685 7 164 (34 6)% 3 861 Staff costs 14 012 15 718 (10 9)% 8 694 Taxes 403 374 7 8% 204 Other current operating income and expenses 200 160 25 0% 37 EBITDA (6 568) (6 131) 7 1% (4 658) Net depreciation and amortization 1 965 2 066 (4 9)% 1 241 Net provisions and depreciations (155) 294 (152 7)% (241) CURRENT OPERATING RESULT (8 378) (8 491) (1 3)% (5 658) Other operating income and expenses (8 668) (1 023) 747 3% (773) OPERATIONAL RESULT (17 046) (9 514) 79 2% (6 431) Cash and financial equivalent income (11) (7) 57 1% (1) Cost of gross financial debt (222) (184) 20 7% (86) Cost of net financial debt (233) (191) 22 0% (87) Other financial income and expenses (596) 5 334 (111 2)% 1 267 RESULT BEFORE TAX (17 875) (4 371) N/S (5 249) Tax expense (161) (24) N/S (94) Share of net income of associates (14) (28) (50 0)% (12) NET PROFIT OR LOSS OF INTEGRATED COMPANIES (18 050) (4 423) N/S (5 355)The 2022 financial statements (which are available in full on the www.deltadrone.com website) reflect the impact of the action plan  which has strongly impacted the 4 branches constituting the group (see press release of 18 July 2022):1 – The Delta Drone International branch and its operational subsidiaries RocketmineOne of the important aspects of the action plan concerns the disposal of assets  in order to support the group's cash position. Thus  at the end of December 2022  16.77% of Delta Drone International's capital was sold  followed by the balance of the group's stake in early January 2023  i.e. 41.37%. This total disengagement in this Australian subsidiary has made it possible to strengthen Delta Drone's cash position by nearly €1 million  while not calling into question the prospects for future commercial collaboration between the entities: these should on the contrary be facilitated  as the rules governing the relationship between two listed companies with capital links are complex  especially in Australia. It should be noted that this operation leads to the resignation of the two Delta Drone representatives from the Board of Directors.In terms of consolidation  Delta Drone International and all of its subsidiaries in South Africa  Australia and Ghana have been treated as ""Assets classified as held for sale"" (application of IFRS 5) whose impacts are as follows:Respectively €10 758K and €4 321K on the assets and liabilities of the consolidated balance sheet  and a contribution to the result of the period of € (5 641) K.At the same time  goodwill with a net value of €320K (Rocketmine South Africa) and €185K (Rocketmine West Australia – ex. Arvista) respectively were 100% impaired as at 31 December 2022.In order to be complete about our presence in Africa  the decision was taken to sell all the shares held by Delta Drone in the capital of Delta Drone Côte d'Ivoire  which left the scope of consolidation of the group in April 2022. This operation was mainly motivated by the creation with the buyer  the Weesure group  of a commercial relationship based on Weesure's teams already strongly established in the geographical area of West Africa and the Gulf of Guinea.2 – The Delta Drone Human Tech branch and its ATM operational subsidiariesThe presence of this traditional private security activity within the group has made it possible to build extremely strong relationships between teams and to create multiple concrete examples of the combined use of human resources and technological tools. The process of dronification of the security sector is now well under way and is expected to increase significantly in the months and years to come.In this context  it became clear that it was no longer necessarily necessary to maintain capital links between Delta Drone and the Delta Drone Human Tech division  in an environment where the priority is to maximize its cash position without disrupting commercial and operational developments.As a result of this strategic analysis and in perfect consultation with the historical leaders of the ""private security"" division  discussions have opened with a view to selling the interests currently held by Delta Drone in its subsidiary.With this in mind and for reasons of prudence  an impairment of the entire goodwill relating to the companies forming the Delta Drone Human Tech sub-group has been recorded in the 2022 financial statements for an amount of €2.5 million.3 – The UDT branch – United Drone TechnologyUDT  a 100% subsidiary of Delta Drone  aimed to build a relevant ecosystem in the drone sector  by taking minority stakes in high-potential start-ups with which Delta Drone SA is able to develop industrial synergies.UDT's portfolio is now composed of five participations: three French companies (Elistair  Donecle and DIODON Drone Technology)  a Swiss company (Aero41 SA) and an Israeli company (Sightec).The UDT portfolio clearly constitutes a very significant asset value  the latest fair value estimate  established in June 2022  corresponds to a cumulative valuation of around €9 million.As part of the action plan implemented  the gradual sale of all or part of the shareholdings constituting the UDT portfolio was decided  without haste  however  in order to maintain all the chances of obtaining the best possible price according to the opportunities. A mandate to this effect was signed at the beginning of the year with the Linkers bank.The timetable of the action plan provides that a first transaction  involving an amount of €1 million of disposal  should be completed before the end of the1st half of 2023.4 – The Delta Drone SA branch and its satellite companies in FranceAs a reminder  the Delta Drone SA branch consisted of the parent company Delta Drone as well as several French subsidiaries acting as support companies (Technidrone  Delta Drone Experts and Delta Drone Engineering). It specializes in the design and marketing of professional solutions dedicated to two sectors of activity: security and logistics.Technidrone: the entity's 9 employees were laid off in September 2022 (for a total cost of €229K) and the entire goodwill attributable to this subsidiary (€515K) was 100% impaired in the 2022 financial statements. Society is now dormant.Delta Drone Engineering: after being placed in safeguard by the Commercial Court of Nantes on August 31  2022  the company was finally put into liquidation on March 1  2023. These operations have led  either as a result of resignations or by way of redundancies  to the elimination of 14 employees' positions. The entire goodwill attributable to this subsidiary (€906K) was written down 100% in the 2022 financial statements. Similarly  the residual value of research and development expenses (assets recorded prior to the takeover of the company by the Delta Drone group) was fully depreciated  i.e. €1 478K.Delta Drone SA and Delta Drone Experts: during the year  the two companies saw their combined workforce decrease by 13 employees  11 of whom were redundant for an overall cost of approximately €300K.It should also be mentioned that the branch had integrated  during the 2022 financial year  the Belgian company Ab-Comtech  after the sale of its Solidbot systems (""surveillance trailers"") to Delta Drone. Therefore  without activity or personnel  the shareholders of Ab-Comtech decided to liquidate the company  under the Belgian legal and regulatory conditions. In terms of consolidation  goodwill recorded in the 2022 financial statements was depreciated to 100% of net value  representing an impact of €259K.In summary  the Delta Drone SA branch  now composed of 2 active entities (Delta Drone parent company and Delta Drone Experts)  should have only 14 employees at the end of June 2023  compared to 50 employees at the end of 2021. Reorganization costs (mainly redundancies) represented nearly €600K  recorded as expenses for the 2022 financial year. Finally  the full impairment of assets (goodwill and intangible assets) accounts for €2.9 million in the 2022 income statement.About Delta Drone : The Delta Drone group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR0014009LP0www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts:Aelium Jerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.01,0.66,True,English,"['Delta Drone', 'depth change', '2022 accounts', 'organization', 'IFRS IFRS IFRS IFRS TURNOVER', 'Delta Drone Human Tech business', 'The Delta Drone International branch', 'The Delta Drone SA branch', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'new Delta Drone configuration', 'existing Delta Drone systems', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'Other current operating income', 'Sichuan AEE Technology Group', 'Delta Drone Dardilly', 'The UDT business', 'Other business income', 'first-rate business partners', 'original economic model', 'deltadrone.com website', 'Other operating income', 'Other financial income', 'gross financial debt', 'financial equivalent income', 'positive cash flow', 'net financial debt', 'radical action plan', 'drone sector', 'The 2022 accounts', 'branch closures', 'net income', 'new governance', 'New advantages', 'CountBot systems', 'AEE range', 'income statement', 'operating costs', 'UDT portfolio', 'financial markets', '2022 financial statements', 'financial year', 'OPERATING RESULT', 'Net depreciation', 'Net provisions', 'French English', 'depth change', 'second half', 'small caps', 'short term', 'drastic reorganization', 'divestment projects', 'commercial development', 'Christian Viguié', 'operational function', 'civilian drones', 'professional use', 'reduced workforce', 'logistics sectors', 'close partnership', 'exclusive distribution', 'leading groups', 'internationalization strategy', 'same time', 'non-recurring costs', 'Staff costs', 'INTEGRATED COMPANIES', 'press release', 'operational subsidiaries', 'important aspects', 'early January', 'cash position', 'domestic market', 'OPERATIONAL RESULT', 'capital scope', 'heavy impact', 'Tax expense', 'Chinese group', 'intangible assets', 'market value', 'disposal program', 'April', 'beginning', 'difficulties', 'collapse', 'liquidity', 'structure', '4 branches', 'subject', 'Details', 'disposals', 'question', 'quality', 'history', 'relationships', 'entities', 'terms', 'addition', 'Chairman', 'duties', 'remuneration', 'date', 'company', 'decision', 'implementation', 'lightening', 'agility', 'construction', '14 employees', 'concentration', 'security', 'Spotter', 'challenges', 'industrialization', 'reliability', 'products', 'solutions', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'record', 'China', 'line', 'reorganizations', 'layoffs', 'caution', 'importance', 'Summary', 'Purchases', 'changes', 'inventories', '694 Taxes', 'expenses', 'EBITDA', 'amortization', 'depreciations', 'N/S', 'Share', 'associates', 'PROFIT', 'LOSS', '18 July', 'Rocketmine', 'order', 'end', 'December', 'balance', 'stake', '7']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,globenewswire.com
23126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BLACKROCK-GREATER-EUROPE-4004858/news/BlackRock-Greater-Europe-Investment-Trust-Plc-Portfolio-Update-43523140/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,BlackRock Greater Europe Investment Trust Plc - Portfolio Update,(marketscreener.com) The information contained in this release was correct as at 31 March 2023. Information on the Company’s up to date net asset values can be found on the London Stock Exchange website at:https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news…,"The information contained in this release was correct as at 31 March 2023 . Information on the Company’s up to date net asset values can be found on the London Stock Exchange website at:https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html.BLACKROCK GREATER EUROPE INVESTMENT TRUST PLC (LEI - 5493003R8FJ6I76ZUW55)All information is at 31 March 2023 and unaudited.Performance at month end with net income reinvestedOneMonth ThreeMonths OneYear ThreeYears Launch(20 Sep 04) Net asset value (undiluted) 3.0% 14.2% 4.0% 66.8% 677.0% Share price 1.7% 12.9% -2.9% 72.8% 638.5% FTSE World Europe ex UK 0.9% 8.6% 8.7% 56.2% 384.1%Sources: BlackRock and DatastreamAt month endNet asset value (capital only): 565.23p Net asset value (including income): 566.17p Share price: 532.00p Discount to NAV (including income): 6.0% Net gearing: 7.9% Net yield1: 1.2% Total assets (including income): £571.8m Ordinary shares in issue2: 101 000 161 Ongoing charges3: 0.98%1 Based on an interim dividend of 1.75p per share and a final dividend of 4.85p per share for the year ended 31 August 2022.2 Excluding 16 928 777 shares held in treasury.3 The Company’s ongoing charges are calculated as a percentage of average daily net assets and using the management fee and all other operating expenses excluding finance costs  direct transaction costs  custody transaction charges  VAT recovered  taxation  write back of prior year expenses and certain non-recurring items for the year ended 31 August 2022.Sector Analysis Total Assets (%) Industrials 23.4 Technology 22.6 Consumer Discretionary 20.3 Health Care 19.0 Financials 8.1 Consumer Staples 4.3 Basic Materials 2.9 Net Current Liabilities -0.6 ----- 100.0 ===== Country Analysis Total Assets (%) France 20.5 Switzerland 19.4 Netherlands 18.4 Denmark 17.0 United Kingdom 6.1 Italy 5.0 Sweden 4.8 Ireland 3.3 Belgium 2.7 Spain 2.3 Germany 1.1 Net Current Liabilities -0.6 ----- 100.0 =====Top 10 holdings Country Fund % Novo Nordisk Denmark 9.1 LVMH Moët Hennessy France 7.8 ASML Netherlands 6.8 RELX United Kingdom 5.4 Lonza Group Switzerland 4.7 DSV Panalpina Denmark 4.4 Hermès International France 4.1 STMicroelectronics Switzerland 3.9 Sika Switzerland 3.3 Safran France 3.2Commenting on the markets  Stefan Gries  representing the Investment Manager noted:During the month  the Company’s NAV rose by 3.0% and the share price by 1.7%. For reference  the FTSE World Europe ex UK Index returned 0.9% during the period.European markets were slightly up despite the extreme pressure US and European banks faced during March. Market attention first focused on the failure of US Silicon Valley Bank and quickly turned to Credit Suisse – which in our view is a completely different scenario. Nevertheless  both stories drove volatility during the month.Despite the bank turmoil  the European Central Bank increased interest rates by 50bps  continuing their fight against high inflation. Whilst consumer prices in the Eurozone reached their lowest levels in over a year  rising 6.9% in March  compared to 8.5% in February – mainly thanks to falling energy prices  core inflation remains sticky. Excluding energy and food costs  core inflation was up 5.7% in March  slightly higher than the 5.6% we saw in February. Over in the US  the Federal Reserve also hiked rates by another 25bps.Market leadership came from the technology  health care and consumer staples sectors  as investors fled to tech and more defensive areas. Real estate and financials were the weakest sectors during the month  followed by energy.The Company outperformed its reference index  largely driven by accurate sector allocation. In sector terms  a lower allocation to financials was positive  as was the zero allocation to both real estate and energy. The Company’s higher allocation to technology  consumer discretionary and health care also aided returns. An underweight position in consumer staples detracted  although this was offset by strong stock selection.The strongest relative contribution came from the Company’s technology holdings. Whilst there was limited stock specific news  investors moved back into longer duration types of stocks where the medium- to long-term investment cases remain intact. ASMi  BE Semiconductor  ASML and STMicroelectronics were amongst the top performers. STMicro shares were further supported as the CEO spoke at a conference during the month  highlighting a very strong backlog particularly from industrial and autos end markets where STM's chips are used in silicon carbide inverters for electric vehicles.Novo Nordisk was the largest single stock contributor over the month. Weekly US prescription data for their obesity drugs continued to trend well and shares reacted positively to a successful phase III trial for the high dose oral version of the treatment. Adding oral treatment options  in addition to injections  should help further adoption of this class of drug. Weight loss data from the trial also bodes well for upcoming phase III trials in oral based obesity treatments.Several consumer stocks were amongst the strongest contributors. Luxury names LVMH and Hermès saw strong share price performance during the month as data showed both companies have had a very strong start to the year.Within staples  shares in Royal Unibrew were stronger after months of weakness. We believe we have likely seen the trough in earnings downgrades and the combination of a product restock in Q2  positive pricing and tailwinds from commodity prices should aid shares going forward.Finally  the Company’s limited exposure to banks helped performance. In particular  not owning BNP Paribas and ING Groep was positive for relative returns as all eyes were on the US and European banking sectors during the month. In the US  the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank was a classic bank failure situation for a non-systemic institution and US officials acted quickly to limit contagion. Meanwhile  in Switzerland  we witnessed Credit Suisse being taken over by UBS with an emergency loan and liquidity support from the Swiss National Bank after Credit Suisse’s share price fell dramatically and default protection costs jumped.Despite limited exposure to the sector  we believe that after 15 years of stringent regulation  restructuring and capital rebuild  the banking system in Europe is in a better position than the turmoil would suggest and certainly is different to the US. We have not seen any significant deposit outflows in Europe  savings rates are approximately twice as high in Europe as the US  and a much higher percentage of European household financial assets are held in cash. In contrast to US banks  European banks have consistently been building deposits and are continuing to grow deposits. Cash deposits in European banks are 4x higher than in 2015 and debt securities are lower than in 2015. In this context  our positions in KBC and Finceobank were the largest relative detractors  as shares were caught up in this fear around the bank sector.Elsewhere within financials  owning wealth manager platform Allfunds was negative as the company’s board rejected a takeover offer made by Euronext. Not owning a number of more defensive benchmark constituents including Novartis  Sanofi  Nestlé and L’Oreal also detracted.OutlookEuropean equities have significantly outperformed other regions over the last six months  as the outlook for Europe has materially improved. The domestic energy crisis has been de-risked with prices down and storage levels high  and as one of the largest exporters to China  many European companies stand to benefit from the country’s ongoing re-opening. On the broader European financial system  despite recent volatility owing to concerns in US regional bank viability and the forced merger of UBS and Credit Suisse  there have been assurances from central bankers and regulators on the sector’s capital position  helping restore some confidence.Despite year-to-date gains  the set up for the European equity market remains favourable relative to developed market peers such as the US  and European equities are still under-owned and valuations remain attractive.Whilst there are a number of unknowns from a macroeconomic perspective  we see opportunities for attractive returns in select areas. Corporate balance sheets are in decent shape and in much better positions than in previous downturns. Many companies in Europe have spent the last decade deleveraging balance sheets and interest coverage is significantly higher than during the Global Financial Crisis or other prior periods associated with deep recessions or prolonged bear markets. Corporate spending intentions also remain healthy and this spend is often linked to transformational capex.Lastly  long-term structural trends and large amounts of fiscal spending via the Recovery Fund  Green Deal and the REPowerEU plan in Europe can drive demand for years to come  for example in areas such as infrastructure  automation  innovation in medicines  the shift to electric vehicles  digitization or decarbonisation. We believe the portfolio is well aligned to many of these structural spending streams.17 April 2023ENDSLatest information is available by typing www.blackrock.com/uk/brge on the internet  ""BLRKINDEX"" on Reuters  ""BLRK"" on Bloomberg or ""8800"" on Topic 3 (ICV terminal). Neither the contents of the Manager’s website nor the contents of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the Manager’s website (or any other website) is incorporated into  or forms part of  this announcement.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.13,0.52,True,English,"['BlackRock Greater Europe Investment Trust Plc', 'Portfolio Update', 'BLACKROCK GREATER EUROPE INVESTMENT TRUST PLC', 'FTSE World Europe ex UK Index', 'medium- to long-term investment cases', 'LVMH Moët Hennessy France', 'upcoming phase III trials', 'London Stock Exchange website', 'largest single stock contributor', 'Hermès International France', 'high dose oral version', 'oral based obesity treatmen', 'successful phase III trial', 'date net asset values', 'Weekly US prescription data', 'average daily net assets', 'limited stock specific news', 'US Silicon Valley Bank', 'Year Three Years Launch', 'Sector Analysis Total Assets', 'silicon carbide inverters', 'Weight loss data', 'strong stock selection', 'other operating expenses', 'strongest relative contribution', 'longer duration types', 'Net Current Liabilities', 'oral treatment options', 'custody transaction charges', 'direct transaction costs', 'DSV Panalpina Denmark', 'European Central Bank', 'accurate sector allocation', 'prior year expenses', 'RELX United Kingdom', 'Lonza Group Switzerland', 'Novo Nordisk Denmark', 'autos end markets', 'consumer staples sectors', 'Investment Manager', 'reference index', 'Country Analysis', 'Safran France', 'bank turmoil', 'high inflation', 'sector terms', 'obesity drugs', 'Net gearing', '7.9% Net yield', 'ongoing charges', 'weakest sectors', 'strong backlog', 'finance costs', 'European markets', 'European banks', 'food costs', 'lower allocation', 'zero allocation', 'higher allocation', 'Consumer Discretionary', 'consumer prices', 'net income', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'management fee', 'recurring items', 'Health Care', 'Basic Materials', 'Sika Switzerland', 'Stefan Gries', 'extreme pressure', 'Credit Suisse', 'different scenario', 'lowest levels', 'core inflation', 'Federal Reserve', 'defensive areas', 'Real estate', 'underweight position', 'BE Semiconductor', 'top performers', 'CEO spoke', 'electric vehicles', 'month end', 'Share price', 'Ordinary shares', 'The Company', 'STMicroelectronics Switzerland', 'Market attention', 'interest rates', 'Market leadership', 'STMicro shares', 'energy prices', 'technology holdings', 'ASML Netherlands', '16,928,777 shares', '4 Technology', 'information', 'release', '31 March', 'londonstockexchange', 'LEI', 'Performance', 'One', 'Sources', 'Datastream', 'capital', 'Discount', 'NAV', 'issue', '1.75p', '4.85p', 'treasury', 'percentage', 'VAT', 'taxation', 'Industrials', 'Financials', 'Italy', 'Sweden', 'Ireland', 'Belgium 2.7', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'period', 'failure', 'view', 'stories', 'volatility', '50bps', 'fight', 'February', 'falling', '25bps', 'investors', 'returns', 'stocks', 'ASMi', 'conference', 'chips', 'addition', 'injections', 'adoption', 'class']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRAY-44172573/news/Kalray-2022-ANNUAL-RESULTS-REVENUE-AND-EBITDA-ABOVE-TARGETS-STRENGTHENED-FINANCIAL-POSITION-43523619/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Kalray :  2022 ANNUAL RESULTS: REVENUE AND EBITDA ABOVE TARGETS STRENGTHENED FINANCIAL POSITION,(marketscreener.com)  Combined revenue of €22.5 million  above the target of €20 million  with consolidated revenue of €16.4 million ;Very significant improvement in consolidated EBITDA ;Solid financial position with strengthened shareholders' equity and…,"Combined revenue of €22.5 million  above the target of €20 million  with consolidated revenue of €16.4 million (x11);Very significant improvement in consolidated EBITDA (-€2.7 million versus -€5.8 million in 2021);Solid financial position with strengthened shareholders' equity and available cash of €32.2 million;2023 revenue guidance of €40 million confirmed and further improvement in EBITDA targeted.Grenoble - France  April 17  2023 – KALRAY (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies for high-performance  data-centric computing markets  from Cloud to Edge  announced its 2022 annual results and its outlook for 2023. The consolidated financial statements integrate Arcapix Holdings Ltd as of April 15  2022. The financial statements were approved by the Executive Board  after review by the Supervisory Board  on April 14  2023. Audit procedures were performed and the audit report relating to the certification is being issued.Éric Baissus  Kalray CEO  commented:”2022 marked a change in dimension for Kalray and was a major stage in our project to become European leader of intensive data processing. In 2022  we generated more than 10-fold revenue growth while also boosting EBITDA significantly.For 2023  we anticipate a dynamic market  where demand for data processing and storage solutions which are more efficient  smarter and less energy intensive will be stronger than ever. Kalray continues to position itself as a market leader with  the launch of two unique and strongly complementary products: our new data management platform  ngenea®2  announced last week  will enable customers to process data flows more quickly and more easily in an optimum way  and our new generation of processor  Coolidge™2  planned for this summer. In this context  we anticipate strong revenue growth this year but also EBITDA growth.”SUBSTANTIALLY IMPROVED CONSOLIDATED EBITDA IN A CONTEXT OF SIGNIFICANTLY CHANGED SIZEIn fiscal 2022  Kalray posted record consolidated[1] revenue of €16.4 million versus €1.5 million at December 31  2021 (+1 029%)  which was evenly split between Europe with 57% and the rest of the world with 43% including 38% in the United States. As of December 31 2022  Kalray's[2] combined revenue also reached historic levels at €22.5 million  topping the announced target of €20 million and breaking down as 63% from the ""Software""[3] segment and 37% from the ""Hardware""[4] segment.Total operating income came to €30 696K (versus €12 336K) and includes €11 753K in capitalized production linked to the development of new generation Kalray products  in particular the new Coolidge™2.Purchases and changes in inventories increased in line with revenue growth  from €522K at December 31  2021 to €7 221K at December 31  2022.Current expenses were up 49% to €26 153K on December 31  2022  compared to €17 585K on December 31  2021 in a context of significantly changed scope. They include €9 813K of external expenses (vs. €8 115K on December 31  2021  i.e.  an increase of +21%) and an increase in staff costs of +73% to €16 340K vs. €9 470K on December 31  2021  particularly in sales  pre-sales and customer support functions with a strong international focus due to the integration of the Arcapix teams. As of December 31  2022  Kalray has 179 employees  compared to 103 on December 31  2021.[5]Consolidated EBITDA showed substantial improvement  at -€2 678K on December 31  2022  versus -€5 771K on December 31  2021  in excess of the targets set by the Company to improve its combined EBITDA.Depreciation  amortization  and provisions totaled €16 953K versus €12 852K  up 32%. They reflect the amortization of Kalray's Coolidge™ processor  now in production.After taking into account a research tax credit of €4 049K (vs. €3 613K on December 31  2021  i.e.  +12.1%)  the restated operating result[6] was -€15 582K vs. -€15 010k. After booking a positive financial result of €187K  the net result was almost stable at -€15 548K on December 31  2022  compared to -€15 115K on December 31  2021.STRENGTHENED FINANCIAL POSITION – GROSS CASH OF €32.2 MILLION AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022Kalray reported robust available cash at €32 198K at December 31  2022 versus €12 222K at December 31  2021 thanks in particular to the capital increase of €24 400K issued in December 2022 and the convertible bond issue.The Arcapix acquisition was paid both in cash and Kalray shares. In the 2022 fiscal year  the following was booked in Kalray's statement of financial position (i) in assets  goodwill related to the integration of Arcapix totaling €13 762K before allocation of this value to other assets  and (ii) in liabilities  ""Other debts"" of €14 137K  corresponding to the debt towards the Arcapix sellers  which represents 391 386 shares to be issued up to end-2026  including 73 384 to be issued in April 2023[7].Financial debts amounted to €12 960K (vs. €11 612K on December 31  2021)  including €6 309K of conditional advances  €2 066K of convertible bonds and €4 585K of bank debts (corresponding to the State Guaranteed Loan - PGE - which is amortizable over four years as of mid-2022). As of December 31  2022  Kalray had a positive net[8] cash position of €19 238K.That same date  Kalray reported significantly strengthened shareholders' equity at €47 707K  compared to €25 627K exactly one year earlier.SUCCESSFUL COMMERCIAL SYNERGIES IN STORAGE  ESPECIALLY WITH DELLKalray significantly accelerated the deployment of its historical hardware offering based on its DPU processors  its software offering from the acquisition of Arcapix Holdings Ltd (""Arcapix"") and the combination of these two offerings.In particular  the commercial synergies following the acquisition of Arcapix have given Kalray access to an extensive customer portfolio in markets with very demanding needs in terms of data storage and advanced data workflows (media  artificial intelligence  healthcare  scientific research  etc.).In 2022  Kalray also joined the exclusive Extended Technologies Complete (ETC) program as lead partner for Dell Technologies' storage offerings. Since then  Kalray's teams have been working closely with Dell Technologies pre-sales and sales forces  initially in the United States and  since the start of the year  in Europe. This very fruitful collaboration has already resulted in several million euros in orders for Kalray and should lead to strong growth in sales activity in the second half of the year  given the sales cycles. These orders  mainly in the United States to date  represent significant amounts (ranging from a few hundred thousand euros per order to a recent order of 800 K€).In parallel  Kalray launched its second generation data management platform  ngenea®2. Ngenea®2 is built to integrate Kalray's DPU processors and offers a unique optimum data management solution for companies who need to analyze and process intensive dataflows. Ngenea®2 is being showcased this week by Kalray's pixitmedia subsidiary specialized in media and entertainment  at the 2023 NAB Show® with demonstrations scheduled at the Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Seagate[9] booths.Lastly  Kalray continues to roll out the first phase of the major contract signed with a key US industry player[10] to develop and supply acceleration cards based on Kalray's DPU processors. The Company and customer teams are currently working closely on the design of the high-performance card including 4 Kalray MPPA® DPU Coolige™2 processors  to be qualified by the customer in fiscal 2023 prior to the production phase  in line with the original plans. This first milestone will correspond to an initial $1 million in revenue expected in fiscal year 2023. For the record  this contract represents a business opportunity for Kalray worth tens of millions of euros per year.CONTINUED GROWTH AND RECRUITMENT - 2023 TARGETS: revenue of €40 million and FURTHER GROWTH IN EBITDAFor 2023  Kalray is continuing its recruitment policy in order to structure the company for the new phases ahead. These recruitments mainly concern the sales and support teams  but also the management team. In this way  Kalray is getting ready and is hiring a management team capable of steering and realizing the group's growth and profitability ambitions. The company recently welcomed Denis Scherrer as Chief Financial Officer and several very experienced profiles in Kalray's markets  with an international dimension.In 2023  Kalray will launch two major new product evolutions  ngenea®2  already announced  and Coolidge™2 expected for this summer. In parallel  Kalray will continue to develop its next generation of processors  Dolomites™  financed by funds raised last December and which should also benefit from public support through a call for projects.Given the number of ongoing projects and on-going active discussions with customers  Kalray expects strong revenue growth  particularly in the second half of the year and confirms its ambition to generate 2023 revenue of €40 million. Kalray is also targeting  for 2023  further EBITDA growth.Next financial meeting:July 11  2023 (after market close): Revenue for the first half of 2023ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance  data-centric markets  from Cloud to Edge. Kalray provides a full range of products to enable smarter  more efficient  and energy-wise data-intensive applications and infrastructures.Its offers include its unique patented DPU (Data Processing Unit) processors and acceleration cards as well as its leading-edge software-defined storage and data management offers. Separated or in combination  Kalray's high-performance solutions allow its customers to improve the efficiency of data centers or design the best solutions in fast-growing sectors such as AI  Media & Entertainment  Life Science  Scientific Research  Edge Computing  Automotive and others.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off of the well-known French CEA research lab  with corporate and financial investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors or Bpifrance  Kalray is dedicated through technology  expertise  and passion to offer more: more for a smart world  more for the planet  more for customers and developers. www.kalrayinc.comINVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comPhone: + 33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationAnne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frPhone: + 33 1 53 67 36 72PRESS CONTACTSylvie DAMcommunication@kalrayinc.comPhone: +33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frPhone: +33 4 72 18 04 92AppendicesAudited dataIncome statement€k December 31  2021 December 31  2022 Revenue 1 454 16 414 Subsidies 2 425 2 280 R&D capitalization 8 323 11 753 Other income 134 249 Operating income 12 336 30 696 Cost of sales (522) (7 221) Operating expenses (17 585) (26 153) including salaries and contributions (9 470) (16 340) including other external expenses (8 115) (9 813) EBITDA (5 771) (2 678) Amortization & Depreciation (12 852) (16 953) OPERATING PROFIT (18 623) (19 631) RESEARCH TAX CREDIT 3 613 4 049 NET OPERATING PROFIT (15 010) (15 582) FINANCIAL RESULT (105) 187 EXCEPTIONAL RESULT - (153) NET RESULT (15 115) (15 548)Statement of financial position€k ASSETS December 31  2021 December 31  2022 Intangible assets 19 461 38 129 Of which goodwill - 13 762 Property  plant & equipment 4 764 3 131 Financial assets 698 373 NON CURRENT ASSETS 24 923 41 633 Inventories 229 2 065 Accounts receivable 1 095 3 273 Other receivables (Research tax credit  tax receivables and subsidies) 3 980 7 027 Cash and cash equivalents 12 222 32 198 CURRENT ASSETS 17 526 44 563 Accrued expenses 831 1 439 TOTAL ASSETS 43 280 87 635€k LIABILITIES December 31  2021 December 31  2022 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 25 627 47 707 Provisions 124 427 Conditional advances 6 286 6 309 Bank loans and convertible bonds 5 326 6 665 Trade payables 2 628 5 817 Taxes & contributions payable 1 298 3 065 Other debts 47 15 923 TOTAL DEBTS & LIABILITIES 15 709 38 206 Deferred revenue 1 944 1 722 TOTAL LIABILITIES 43 280 87 635Consolidated statement of cash flowConsolidated statement of cash flow Dec. 31  2021 Dec. 31  2022 Gross Profit 932 7 062 Operating expenses (17 585) (26 153) Subsidized projects 1 871 1 888 Change in WCR (712) 863 Tax credit 2 703 1 958 CEA repayment (722) (721) Cash flow from operations (13 513) (15 103) Investments (5 359) (2 901) Free cash flow (18 872) (18 004) Issue of securities 11 124 36 675 Change in borrowings (247) 1 282 Change in repayable advances (21) 23 Net cash flow from financing operations 10 856 37 980 Change in cash position (8 016) 19 976 Cash position at opening 20 238 12 222 Cash position at closing 12 222 32 198[1] Exchange rate EUR/GBP 1.16. Unaudited data. Consolidated revenue integrates Arcapix Holdings Ltd as of April 15  2022.[2] Alternative performance indicator. Consolidated revenue as if the Arcapix acquisition had been completed on January 1  2022  excluding other restatements. Exchange rate EUR/GBP 1.16.[3] Mainly software offer  completed by support activities and related services[4] Processors  boards and complete hardware solutions for storage[5] Ebitda: Earnings before interests  taxes  depreciation and amortization[6] Restated operating income: Operating income + Research tax credit[7] On the date of completing the transaction  73 384 shares were issued to the sellers with the balance of the purchase price of up to 391 386 additional shares to be paid in several deferred installments over a four-year period depending  among other things  on participation from the founders and the attainment of commercial targets. The price per Kalray share for this transaction will be equal to €36.12 (volume weighted average price of Kalray shares over the 180 trading days immediately prior to signing the non-binding term sheet that covers the proposed transaction).[8] Loans and financial debts – available cash[9] See press release April13  2022[10]See press release of November 14  2022This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: x5lyZJqXZmmVynKfl5VommaWam5px5HGmGGZnJadlp6bb3GWmGxnbpuVZnBqmG1t- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79387-cp_kalray_ra2022_ven_final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['TARGETS STRENGTHENED FINANCIAL POSITION', '2022 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'Kalray', 'REVENUE', 'EBITDA', 'high-performance, data-centric computing markets', 'new data management platform', 'SUBSTANTIALLY IMPROVED CONSOLIDATED EBITDA', 'new generation Kalray products', 'SIGNIFICANTLY CHANGED SIZE', 'customer support functions', 'strong international focus', 'research tax credit', 'State Guaranteed L', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Total operating income', 'convertible bond issue', 'intensive data processing', 'Solid financial position', 'STRENGTHENED FINANCIAL POSITION', 'Arcapix Holdings Ltd', 'The Arcapix acquisition', 'record consolidated[1] revenue', 'Very significant improvement', '10-fold revenue growth', 'strong revenue growth', 'positive financial result', 'consolidated financial statements', 'robust available cash', 'consolidated revenue', 'complementary products', 'operating result', 'data flows', 'new Coolidge™', 'EBITDA growth', 'Financial debts', 'convertible bonds', 'Combined revenue', '2023 revenue guidance', 'net result', 'Arcapix teams', 'Arcapix sellers', ""shareholders' equity"", 'leading provider', 'software technologies', '2022 annual results', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Audit procedures', 'audit report', 'Éric Baissus', 'major stage', 'European leader', 'dynamic market', 'storage solutions', 'efficient, smarter', 'less energy', 'market leader', 'two unique', 'optimum way', 'United States', 'historic levels', 'Software""[3] segment', 'Current expenses', 'external expenses', 'staff costs', 'substantial improvement', 'combined EBITDA', 'GROSS CASH', 'Other debts', 'conditional advances', 'bank debts', 'Hardware""[4] segment', 'capitalized production', '2022 fiscal year', 'other assets', 'Kalray CEO', 'capital increase', 'Coolidge™ processor', 'Kalray shares', '391,386 shares', 'target', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'ALKAL', 'Cloud', 'Edge', 'April', 'review', 'certification', 'dimension', 'project', 'demand', 'launch', 'ngenea', 'customers', 'summer', 'context', 'December', 'rest', 'world', 'development', 'Purchases', 'changes', 'inventories', 'line', 'scope', 'sales', 'integration', '179 employees', 'excess', 'Company', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'account', 'MILLION', 'goodwill', 'allocation', 'value', 'liabilities', 'end']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quadient-achieves-leader-position-in-2023-spark-matrix-for-customer-communications-management-301799075.html,Quadient Achieves Leader Position in 2023 SPARK Matrix™ for Customer Communications Management,The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions' SPARK Matrix™ provides competitive analysis & ranking of the leading Customer Communication Management vendors. Quadient  with its comprehensive technology and customer experience management  has received strong ratings acros…,"The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions' SPARK Matrix™ provides competitive analysis & ranking of the leading Customer Communication Management vendors.Quadient  with its comprehensive technology and customer experience management  has received strong ratings across the parameters of technology excellence and customer impact.MIDDLETON  Mass.  April 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Quadrant Knowledge Solutions announced today that it has named Quadient as a 2023 technology leader in the SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management  2023.The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions' SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management (CCM) market research report includes a detailed global market analysis of major CCM vendors. The research comprises the features and functionalities of different CCM solutions  including Quadient Inspire Flex and Inspire Evolve  as well as competitive differentiating factors. Key differentiators of Quadient Inspire include customer engagement and experience capabilities  hybrid deployment options  the capability to simplify and automate communication processes  single screen preview capability and integrations of CCM to customer experience (CX) initiatives via customer journey mapping technology  according to the report.""Quadient's customer communication management platform provides a complete end-to-end solution  from design to delivery and tracking to archiving content  data  and history "" said Prakhar Bansal  analyst  at Quadrant Knowledge Solutions. ""Additionally  the platform provides a single architecture for all cloud  on-prem  hybrid  hosted and other deployment options. Quadient is capable of catering to diverse customer needs across industry verticals  with its comprehensive capabilities  compelling customer references  comprehensive roadmap and vision  and product suite with high scalability. Quadient has received strong ratings across technology excellence and customer impact and has been positioned as a leader in the SPARK Matrix: Customer Communication Management  2023.""Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  at Quadient  said  ""Quadrant Knowledge Solutions defines CCM as a platform that includes an integrated suite of solutions to create  manage  deliver  store  and retrieve inbound and outbound communications to ensure a consistent and personalized customer experience across different communication channels & touchpoints. The integrated suite enables organizations to perform strategic communication planning  improve overall customer experience  and track performances or requirements to minimize communication risks and proactively make informed communication decisions in alignment with business needs.""Quadient Inspire is part of Quadient's Intelligent Communication Automation platform that empowers organizations to respond to market  regulatory and customer experience changes  transforming their communication flows to offer elevated experiences through multiple channels.Additional Resources:About Quadient:Quadient is the driving force behind the world's most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions  and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About Quadrant Knowledge SolutionsQuadrant Knowledge Solutions is a global advisory and consulting firm focused on helping clients in achieving business transformation goals with Strategic Business and Growth advisory services. At Quadrant Knowledge Solutions  our vision is to become an integral part of our client's business as a strategic knowledge partner. Our research and consulting deliverables are designed to provide comprehensive information and strategic insights for helping clients formulate growth strategies to survive and thrive in ever-changing business environments.For more available research  please visit https://quadrant-solutions.com/market-research/Media Contacts:Joe Scolaro  QuadientGlobal Press Relations Manager+1 203-301-3673 [email protected]Sandy Armstrong  Sterling KilgoreDirector of Media & Communications+1-630-699-8979[email protected]Quadrant Knowledge SolutionsRiya Mehar[email protected]Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/746706/Quadrant_Knowledge_Solutions_Logo.jpgSOURCE Quadrant Knowledge Solutions",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['Customer Communications Management', 'Quadient Achieves', 'Leader Position', 'SPARK Matrix™', '2023', 'leading Customer Communication Management vendors', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'three key solution areas', 'detailed global market analysis', 'The Quadrant Knowledge Solutions', 'SOURCE Quadrant Knowledge Solutions', 'single screen preview capability', 'customer journey mapping technology', 'Intelligent Communication Automation platform', 'customer communication management platform', 'CCM) market research report', 'major CCM vendors', 'customer experience management', 'informed communication decisions', 'other deployment options', 'compelling customer references', 'chief solution officer', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'strategic knowledge partner', 'personalized customer experience', 'overall customer experience', 'customer experience changes', 'different communication channels', 'strategic communication planning', 'competitive differentiating factors', 'hybrid deployment options', 'diverse customer needs', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'different CCM solutions', 'business transformation goals', 'changing business environments', 'customer experience excellence', 'Growth advisory services', 'Quadient Inspire Flex', 'global advisory', 'competitive analysis', 'market, regulatory', 'communication processes', 'communication risks', 'communication flows', 'customer impact', 'Key differentiators', 'customer engagement', 'end solution', 'single architecture', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'technology excellence', 'experience capabilities', 'business needs', 'Strategic Business', 'prem, hybrid', 'elevated experiences', 'multiple channels', 'strategic insights', 'growth strategies', 'comprehensive technology', 'Inspire Evolve', 'SPARK Matrix™', 'strong ratings', 'complete end', 'Prakhar Bansal', 'industry verticals', 'comprehensive capabilities', 'comprehensive roadmap', 'product suite', 'high scalability', 'Chris Hartigan', 'integrated suite', 'Additional Resources', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC® Mid', 'consulting firm', 'consulting deliverables', 'available research', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Sterling Kilgore', 'Riya Mehar', '2023 technology leader', 'outbound communications', 'comprehensive information', 'Media Contacts', 'integral part', 'ranking', 'parameters', 'MIDDLETON', 'Mass.', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'features', 'functionalities', 'integrations', 'design', 'delivery', 'tracking', 'content', 'data', 'history', 'analyst', 'cloud', 'vision', 'inbound', 'consistent', 'touchpoints', 'organizations', 'performances', 'requirements', 'alignment', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'QDT', 'clients', 'quadrant-solutions', 'market-research', 'Director', 'Logo']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,prnewswire.com
23129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAURECIA-SE-4647/news/FORVIA-FAURECIA-FIRST-QUARTER-2023-SALES-43517661/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,FORVIA FAURECIA: FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALES,(marketscreener.com)   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAURECIA-SE-4647/news/FORVIA-FAURECIA-FIRST-QUARTER-2023-SALES-43517661/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,"Nanterre (France)  April 17  2023FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALESSALES GROWTH OF +29% IN THE QUARTER TO €6.6bn DRIVEN BY ORGANIC GROWTH OF +17.6%in €m Q1 2022 as Q1 2022 Currency Organic Scope effect Q1 2023 Reported released in April 22 IFRS 5* effect growth (Hella 1 month) change Group sales 5 322 5 149 -30 908 617 6 644 +29.0% % of last year's sales -0.6% +17.6% +12.0% Worlwide auto. prod.** (m units) 19 924 +2.7% 20 469 FORVIA's outperformance (bps) 1 490 * Restated for SAS (part of the ""Interiors"" Business Group)  presented as Discontinued operations as from January 1  2022 ** Source: S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS) dated March 2023Strong outperformance of 1 490bps in the quarter included:Favorable geographic mix impact of c. 400bpsPositive impact related to inflation pass-through of c. 240bpsAll business groups outperformed global market growth; all three main regions outperformed their geographiesFull-year 2023 guidance confirmedOn track to achieve year-end deleveraging target  closing of previously announced transactions on schedulePatrick KOLLER  CEO of Faurecia  declared:“The first quarter of 2023 marked a good start of the year for FORVIA  with strong sales growth  despite a persistently uncertain environment. Organic sales significantly outperformed worldwide automotive production growth  boosted by a favorable geographic mix effect and an additional month of consolidation of HELLA.We remain focused on our three drivers: generate solid sales growth driven by innovation and sustainability; lower the cost base and breakeven point of operations; enhance cash conversion and close the announced divestments to accelerate Group deleveraging  our top priority.”The Board of Directors  under the chairmanship of Michel de ROSEN  met on April 14  2023 and  during this meeting  reviewed the present Press Release.All definitions are explained at the end of this Press Release  under the section “Definitions of terms used in this document”.IFRS 5 - Discontinued operationsFaurecia’s SAS Cockpit Modules division (assembly and logistics services)  whose contemplated disposal was announced on February 19  2023  is now presented as Discontinued operations with the following impact on the Group’s 2022 consolidated quarterly sales figures:All figures related to worldwide or regional automotive production refer to the S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) forecast dated March 2023.Q1 2023 GROUP SALESIn Q1 2023  FORVIA’s consolidated sales grew by 29.0% to €6 644 million  of which:A very limited negative currency effect of €30 million or -0.6% of last year’s sales; the negative year-on-year effect of the Chinese yuan  the British pound and Turkish lira vs. the euro more than offset the positive effect from the US dollar vs. the euroA scope effect of €617 million or +12.0% of last year’s sales  due to one month of additional consolidation of HELLA (whose consolidation in the Group’s accounts started on February 1  2022)Organic growth of €908 million or +17.6% of last year’s sales.Organic growth of +17.6% compares with +2.7% growth in worldwide automotive production over the same period  i.e. an outperformance of 1 490 basis points.This outperformance of 1 490 basis points includes a favorable geographic mix estimated at c. 400 basis points and a positive impact related to inflation pass-through to customers estimated at c. 240 basis points.SALES BY BUSINESS GROUPSEATING (31% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +22.5% in the quarter mainly reflected organic growth in Europe and China:In Europe: mainly with VW  Stellantis  RNM  Daimler and BMWIn China: mostly with Chinese OEMs (notably BYD).INTERIORS (18% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +17.3% in the quarter mainly reflected organic growth in Europe and North America:In Europe: mainly with Stellantis  RNM  BMW (ramp-up of 7-Series) and JLR (Range Rover Sport)In North America: mainly with Ford  Tesla and new EV OEMs (Lucid  Rivian …).CLEAN MOBILITY (18% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +11.2% in the quarter mainly reflected organic growth in Europe and Asian countries (excluding China):In Europe: mainly with VW (including Audi C8 & Q7)In Asian countries (excluding China): mostly with HKMC (clearance of backlogs caused by chip shortage issue).ELECTRONICS (15% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +13.3% in the quarter represented the combined growth of HELLA Electronics and Faurecia Electronics. The performance of HELLA Electronics (c. three quarters of total Electronics reported sales in the quarter) was driven by continuous demand for electrification components such as high-voltage battery management systems and radar applications.LIGHTING (14% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +22.6% in the quarter mainly reflected the strong demand for premium lighting solutions and continuous program ramp-ups.LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS (4% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +15.4% in the quarter mainly reflected a strong spare parts business  successful market launch of a core workshop product and growing commercial vehicles business  especially for agricultural and construction machinery  as well as bus and trucks.SALES BY REGIONEMEA (49% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +22.4% in the quarter (vs. automotive production growth of +8.7% in the region) mainly reflected organic growth of +22.3% in Europe  around two thirds of which were attributable to Seating and Interiors.AMERICAS (26% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +9.7% in the quarter (vs. automotive production growth of +7.1% in the region) reflected:Organic growth of +7.0% in North America  representing c. 90% of sales in Americas  driven by Interiors  Electronics and LightingOrganic growth of +34.6% in South America  representing c. 10% of sales in Americas  driven by Seating  Interiors and Clean Mobility.ASIA (25% of Q1 2023 Group consolidated sales)Organic growth of +17.6% in the quarter (vs. automotive production drop of -1.3% in the region) reflected:Organic growth of +15.2% in China  representing c. 75% of sales in Asia  driven by Seating and LightingOrganic growth of +25.9% in other Asian countries  representing c. 25% of sales in Asia  driven by Clean Mobility and Faurecia Electronics.UPDATE ON DISPOSAL PROGRAMOn February 20  along with the FY 2022 results release  FORVIA announced it had completed its €1 billion disposal program through contemplated transactions announced to date.The Group confirms it is fully on track to have cashed in total proceeds for at least €1 billion by the end of 2023  including the disposal by HELLA of its 33% stake in HBPO  which was already closed in 2022.FY 2023 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDThe Group confirms its FY 2023 guidance  as announced on February 20  2023:Sales between €25.2bn and €26.2bn including an estimated impact on sales of €(1.3)bn from disposals announced to date (mainly SAS deconsolidation as from January 1  2023 to comply with IFRS 5 and business to be sold to Cummins as from July 1  2023)(mainly SAS deconsolidation as from January 1  2023 to comply with IFRS 5 and business to be sold to Cummins as from July 1  2023) Operating margin between 5% and 6% of salesNet cash flow exceeding 1.5% of salesNet debt/Adj. EBITDA ratio between 2x and 2.4x at December 31  2023  including the effect of the disposal program of €1bn by end-2023This guidance is based on the following main assumptions:Worldwide automotive production of 82 million vehicles in 2023  broadly flat vs. actual production in 2022 and more conservative than S&P’s latest forecast of 85 millionMain currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.10 and CNY/€ @ 7.50This guidance assumes no major lockdown impacting production or retail sales in any major automotive region during the year.ON TRACK TO ACHIEVE FY 2025 TARGETS (incl. estimated impact of the disposal program of €1bn by end-2023)The Group also confirms its FY 2025 targets  as presented at the Capital Markets Day held on November 3  2022:Sales of c. €30bnOperating margin > 7% of salesNet cash flow > 4% of salesNet debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio < 1.5x at December 31  2025These targets are based on the following main assumptions:Worldwide automotive production of 88 million vehicles in 2025  more conservative than S&P’s latest forecast of 90 million2025 currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.05 and CNY/€ @ 7.00These targets assume no major lockdown impacting production or retail sales in any major automotive region over the period.FINANCIAL CALENDARMay 30  2023: Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Nanterre)Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Nanterre) July 27  2023: H1 2023 results (before market hours)H1 2023 results (before market hours) October 20  2023: Q3 2023 sales (before market hours)Q3 2023 sales (before market hours) “Operating income” presented as Faurecia’s main performance indicator is Operating income before amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations.“Adjusted EBITDA” is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022).“Debt covenant” is the ratio “Net financial debt at the end of the period” vs. “Adjusted EBITDA over the last 12 months”; it is tested twice every year  at June 30 and at December 31 (except for June 30  2022 when covenant was not tested as agreed during April 2022 negotiations with banks).As mentioned above  in the calculation of Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA at December 31  2022  adjusted EBITDA was taken into account over the last 12 month-period; as HELLA has been consolidated only since February 1  2022 (11 months)  one additional month of contribution from HELLA has been taken into account for the calculation of the ratio.All other definitions are explained at the end of this Press Release  under the section “Definitions of terms used in this document”.All figures related to worldwide or regional automotive production refer to the S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) forecast dated February 2023.DISCLAIMERThis presentation contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Faurecia. Such forward-looking statements represent trends or objectives and cannot be construed as constituting forecasts regarding the future Faurecia’s results or any other performance indicator. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""project "" ""plan "" ""intend "" ""objective""  ""believe "" ""forecast "" ""foresee "" ""likely "" ""may "" ""should "" ""goal "" ""target "" ""might "" ""would ""  “will”  ""could ""  ""predict "" ""continue "" ""convinced "" and ""confident "" the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions including  without limitation  assumptions regarding present and future business strategies (including the successful integration of HELLA within the Faurecia Group)  expectations and statements regarding Faurecia's operation of its business  and the future operation  direction and success of Faurecia's business. Although Faurecia believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous various risks  whether known or unknown  and uncertainties and other factors  all of which may be beyond the control of Faurecia and could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors  please refer to public filings made with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  press releases  presentations and  in particular  to those described in the section 2.""Risk factors & Risk management” of Faurecia's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed by Faurecia with the AMF on February 28  2023 under number D. 23-0064 (a version of which is available on www.faurecia.com). Subject to regulatory requirements  Faurecia does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise. Any information relating to past performance contained herein is not a guarantee of future performance. Nothing herein should be construed as an investment recommendation or as legal  tax  investment or accounting advice. HELLA remains a listed company. For more information on HELLA  more information is available on www.hella.com. This presentation does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy Faurecia securities.A webcast will be held on Monday April 17 at 8:00am (Paris time).Faurecia's Q1 2023 sales presentation will be available before the webcast on FORVIA’s website: www.forvia.comIf you wish to follow the presentation using the webcast  please access the following link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/pmk4bp6yA replay will be available as soon as possible.You may also follow the presentation via conference call:France : +33 (0)1 70 91 87 04: +33 (0)1 70 91 87 04 United Kingdom : +44 (1) 212 818 004: +44 (1) 212 818 004 United States: +1 718-705-8796Confirmation code: 888652ContactsPressChristophe MALBRANQUEMedia Relations Directorchristophe.malbranque@forvia.comAnalysts/InvestorsMarc MAILLETHead of Investor RelationsTel: +33 (0)1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 290 industrial sites and 76 R&D centers  157 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 14 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen.www.forvia.comAbout FaureciaFaurecia  the parent company of the FORVIA Group  is a global automotive technology leader.In 2022  the Group reported consolidated sales of €25.5 billion.Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20  CAC 40 ESG and CAC SBT 1.5° indexes.www.faurecia.comAbout HELLAHELLA  a company of the FORVIA Group  is an internationally positioned automotive supplier.For its fiscal year starting June 1  2021 and ending May 31  2022  HELLA reported consolidated sales of €6.3 billion.HELLA is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and is a component of the SDAX index.www.hella.comDEFINITIONS OF TERMS USED IN THIS DOCUMENTSales growthFaurecia’s year-on-year sales evolution is made of three components:A “ Currency effect”   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year  A “Scope effect” (acquisition/divestment) (acquisition/divestment)  And “Growth at constant currencies”.As “Scope effect”  Faurecia presents all acquisitions/divestments  whose sales on an annual basis amount to more than €250 million.Other acquisitions below this threshold are considered as “bolt-on acquisitions” and are included in “Growth at constant currencies”.In 2021  there was no effect from “bolt-on acquisitions”; as a result  “Growth at constant currencies” is equivalent to sales growth at constant scope and currencies also presented as organic growth.Operating incomeOperating income is the Faurecia group’s principal performance indicator. It corresponds to net income of fully consolidated companies before:Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations;Other non-recurring operating income and expense  corresponding to material  unusual and non-recurring items including reorganization expenses and early retirement costs  the impact of exceptional events such as the discontinuation of a business  the closure or sale of an industrial site  disposals of non-operating buildings  impairment losses recorded for property  plant and equipment or intangible assets  as well as other material and unusual losses;Income on loans  cash investments and marketable securities; Finance costs;Other financial income and expense  which include the impact of discounting the pension benefit obligation and the return on related plan assets  the ineffective portion of interest rate and currency hedges  changes in value of interest rate and currency instruments for which the hedging relationship does not satisfy the criteria set forth in relationship cannot be demonstrated under IFRS 9  and gains and losses on sales of shares in subsidiaries;Taxes.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022).Net cash-flowNet cash-flow is defined as follow: Net cash from (used in) operating and investing activities less (acquisitions)/disposal of equity interests and businesses (net of cash and cash equivalents)  other changes and proceeds from disposal of financial assets. Repayment of IFRS 16 debt is not included.Net financial debtNet financial debt is defined as follow: Gross financial debt less cash and cash equivalents and derivatives classified under non-current and current assets. It includes the lease liabilities (IFRS 16 debt).Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.14,0.29,True,English,"['FORVIA FAURECIA', 'FIRST-QUARTER', 'SALES', 'high-voltage battery management systems', 'Q1 2022 Currency Organic Scope effect', 'S&P Global Mobility', 'limited negative currency effect', 'SAS Cockpit Modules division', 'favorable geographic mix effect', 'Favorable geographic mix impact', '2022 consolidated quarterly sales figures', 'worldwide automotive production growth', 'regional automotive production', 'Michel de ROSEN', 'Range Rover Sport', 'chip shortage issue', 'global market growth', 'year-end deleveraging target', 'new EV OEMs', 'continuous program ramp-ups', 'three main regions', 'present Press Release', 'premium lighting solutions', 'IFRS 5* effect growth', 'c. 400 basis points', 'c. 240 basis points', 'solid sales growth', 'Interiors"" Business Group', 'strong sales growth', 'CLEAN MOBILITY', 'positive effect', 'year effect', '1,490 basis points', 'negative year', 'Positive impact', 'following impact', 'Chinese OEMs', 'continuous demand', 'LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS', 'ORGANIC GROWTH', 'Group deleveraging', 'business groups', 'three drivers', 'three quarters', 'combined growth', 'strong demand', 'strong spar', 'Q1 2023 Group', 'Worlwide auto', 'm units', 'Full-year 2023 guidance', 'Patrick KOLLER', 'good start', 'uncertain environment', 'cost base', 'breakeven point', 'cash conversion', 'top priority', 'logistics services', 'Chinese yuan', 'British pound', 'Turkish lira', 'US dollar', 'same period', 'North America', 'Asian countries', 'Audi C8', 'electrification components', 'radar applications', 'last year', 'total Electronics', 'Organic sales', 'additional month', 'one month', 'Strong outperformance', 'inflation pass', 'Discontinued operations', 'IHS Markit', 'Group sales', 'additional consolidation', 'HELLA Electronics', 'Faurecia Electronics', 'first quarter', '+2.7% growth', '1 month', 'Nanterre', 'France', 'April', 'FIRST-QUARTER', 'THE', 'FORVIA', 'part', 'January', 'Source', 'March', '400bps', 'geographies', 'track', 'transactions', 'schedule', 'CEO', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'divestments', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'meeting', 'definitions', 'section', 'terms', 'document', 'assembly', 'disposal', 'February', 'forecast', 'euro', 'accounts', 'customers', 'SEATING', 'China', 'VW', 'Stellantis', 'RNM', 'Daimler', 'BMW', 'BYD', '7-Series', 'JLR', 'Ford', 'Tesla', 'Lucid', 'Rivian', 'HKMC', 'clearance', 'backlogs', '29.']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/exchange-offer-declared-unconditional-301799191.html,EXCHANGE OFFER DECLARED UNCONDITIONAL,KAISERAUGST  Switzerland  HEERLEN  Netherlands and GENEVA  April 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURIS…,"KAISERAUGST  Switzerland  HEERLEN  Netherlands and GENEVA  April 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ --THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS.This is a joint press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM)  Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) and Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company)  in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by the Company for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (each such share  a DSM Ordinary Share) (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to Section 16  paragraphs 1 and 2  and Section 17  paragraph 1 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree)  and the admission to listing and trading of up to 174 786 029 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company with a nominal value of €0.01 each (each a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share) on Euronext Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam)  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (the Admission). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM Ordinary Shares (a DSM Shareholder)  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).DSM and Firmenich boards very happy to announce that the Company hereby declares the Exchange Offer unconditionalAll Transaction Conditions have been satisfied or waived86.6% of the DSM Ordinary Shares have been tendered in the Exchange OfferDSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will trade on ""as-if-and-when-delivered"" basis as of 18 April 2023Settlement will occur on 20 April 2023Firmenich Contribution will occur on 8 May 2023Remaining DSM Ordinary Shares can be tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period commencing on 18 April 2023 at 09:00 hours CEST and expiring on 28 April 2023 at 17:40 hours CESTat 09:00 hours CEST and expiring on at 17:40 hours CEST After settlement of the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company intends to implement either the Buy-Out or the Post-Offer Merger and LiquidationThis is a joint press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM)  Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) and Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company)  in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by the Company for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (each such share  a DSM Ordinary Share) (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to Section 16  paragraphs 1 and 2  and Section 17  paragraph 1 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree)  and the admission to listing and trading of up to 174 786 029 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company with a nominal value of €0.01 each (each a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share) on Euronext Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam)  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (the Admission). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM Ordinary Shares (a DSM Shareholder)  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).DSM and Firmenich boards are very pleased to announce that the Company hereby declares the Exchange Offer unconditional. All Transaction Conditions have been satisfied or waived. As a result  the Exchange Offer will be settled on 20 April 2023 and the Firmenich Contribution will occur on 8 May 2023.Acceptance periodDuring the extended Acceptance Period  which expired at 17 April 2023 at 17:40 hours CEST  150 742 711 DSM Ordinary Shares have been tendered for acceptance in the Exchange Offer  representing approximately 86.6 % of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital (geplaatst en uitstaand gewoon aandelenkapitaal). As a result the minimum acceptance level Transaction Condition has been satisfied.The Company accepts all DSM Ordinary Shares that have been validly tendered (or defectively tendered  provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Offer.As of the date hereof  the Company does not yet directly or indirectly hold any DSM Ordinary Shares.Listing and trading of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary SharesTrading in the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam will commence on 18 April 2023 at 9:00 hours CEST on an ""as-if-and-when-issued"" basis  and unconditional trading on the Settlement Date. The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will trade under the symbol ""DSFIR"". The ISIN code of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares is CH1216478797.Any dealings in DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam prior to the Settlement are at the sole risk of the parties concerned.SettlementDSM Shareholders who have tendered (and not validly withdrawn) and transferred (geleverd) their DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Exchange Offer will  on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Offering Circular  receive the Offer Consideration in respect of each tendered DSM Ordinary Share on 20 April 2023 (the Settlement Date). We cannot guarantee that DSM Shareholders will actually receive the Offer Consideration on the Settlement Date from the Admitted Institution with whom they hold their DSM Ordinary Shares.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States has tendered its shares into the Exchange Offer but has been unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares to be allotted to such beneficiary will instead be transferred to a nominee  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to its intermediary within five days of the Settlement Date.The Settlement of the Exchange Offer will be administered and effected by the Company or by the Listing  Paying and Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO Bank N.V.)  on behalf of the Company.Post-Closing Acceptance PeriodDSM Shareholders who have not yet tendered their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer will have the opportunity to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares  under the same terms and conditions applicable to the Exchange Offer  in a post-closing acceptance period (na-aanmeldingstermijn) starting on 18 April 2023 at 09:00 hours CEST and ending on 28 April 2023 at 17:40 hours CEST (the Post-Closing Acceptance Period).We will publicly announce the results of the Post-Closing Acceptance Period and the total number and percentage of DSM Ordinary Shares held by it in accordance with Section 17  paragraph 4 of the Decree on 28 April 2023. The Company will accept all DSM Ordinary Shares validly tendered (or defectively tendered  provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period.During the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  DSM Shareholders have no right to withdraw their tendered DSM Ordinary Shares from the Exchange Offer  regardless whether their DSM Ordinary Shares have been validly tendered (or defectively tendered  provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) during the Acceptance Period or during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period. Additional information is included in section 14.17 (Withdrawal rights) of the Offering Circular.DSM Shareholders who have validly tendered (or defectively tendered provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) and transferred (geleverd) their DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Exchange Offer during the Post-Acceptance Period  will receive the Offer Consideration in respect of each tendered DSM Ordinary Share on 3 May 2023 (the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date). We cannot guarantee that DSM Shareholders will actually receive the Offer Consideration on the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date from the Admitted Institution with whom they hold their DSM Ordinary Shares.Buy-OutIf  after settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate at least 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  the Company shall commence the statutory buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:359c of the DCC or a buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:92a of the DCC to acquire the DSM Ordinary Shares that have not been tendered in the Exchange Offer (the Buy-Out). Any remaining DSM Shareholders (other than the Company) will receive a cash consideration as a result of the Buy-Out. Additional information is included in section 14.19 (Statutory buy-out) of the Offering Circular.Post-Offer Merger and LiquidationIf  after settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate less than 95% but at least 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  DSM may be notified by the Company or Firmenich to implement the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation  in which case DSM shall implement a legal triangular merger with and into DSM Sub (as acquiring company)  with DSM Holdco allotting shares to the Company and DSM Shareholders on a share-for-share basis in accordance with Articles 2:309 et seq. and 2:333a of the DCC (the Triangular Merger)  which Triangular Merger was approved by DSM Shareholders at the DSM EGM on 23 January 2023. Once the Triangular Merger is implemented  the listing of DSM will terminate.Prior to the Triangular Merger becoming effective  the Company shall  and DSM shall procure that DSM Holdco shall  enter into a share purchase agreement between the Company and DSM Holdco (the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which  amongst other things  DSM Holdco will sell and the Company will purchase all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of DSM Sub (the Share Sale) and the Company will assume all liabilities of DSM Holdco. The consideration payable by the Company to DSM Holdco under the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement for the Share Sale shall be the issuance of a right that entitles the holder thereof to require the Company to deliver to it  on first demand  such number of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares that is equal to the number of DSM Ordinary Shares held by the Company plus the DSM Ordinary Shares held by non-tendering DSM Shareholders  or the cash equivalent thereof  calculated by applying a value fairly representing the prevailing value of a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share (the Share Sale Consideration).The Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation is described in further detail in section 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation) of the Offering Circular.DelistingIf  after settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate at least 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  DSM will request Euronext Amsterdam to delist the DSM Ordinary Shares. After delisting of the DSM Ordinary Shares  DSM will be converted from a Dutch public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) into a Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid).The DSM Preference Shares A will be repurchased and cancelled.Further implications of the Exchange Offer being declared unconditionalRemaining DSM Shareholders who do not wish to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period should carefully review the sections of the Offer Circular that further explain the consequences for non-tendering DSM Shareholders  such as (but not limited to) section 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation)  section 14.26 (Withholding) and section 14.37 (Taxation) of the Offering Circular  which describe certain (tax and other) implications to which such DSM Shareholders may become subject with their continued shareholding in DSM.The advance liquidation distribution that will be paid to non-tendering DSM Shareholders in case the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation is implemented  will generally be subject to 15% Dutch dividend withholding tax to the extent it exceeds DSM Holdco's average paid-in capital recognised for Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes.AnnouncementsAnnouncements in relation to the Exchange Offer are issued by means of a press release. Any joint press release issued by the Company  DSM and Firmenich is made available on the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com).Subject to any applicable requirements of the applicable laws and without limiting the manner in which the Company  DSM and Firmenich may choose to make any public announcement  the Company  DSM and Firmenich will have no obligation to communicate any public announcement other than as described in the Offering Circular.Home member state declarationAs a newly listed issuer  the Company declares that the Netherlands is its ""home member state"" for purposes of its disclosure obligations under the EU Transparency Directive (Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2004 on the harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and amending Directive 2001/34/EC).Further informationCapitalised terms used but not defined herein are defined in the Offering Circular. This announcement contains selected  condensed information regarding the Exchange Offer and does not replace the Offering Circular. The information in this announcement is not complete and additional information is contained in the Offering Circular. A digital copy of the Offering Circular is available on the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com/en/offering-circular-and-egm/).General restrictionsThe Exchange Offer is being made in and from the Netherlands with due observance of such statements  conditions and restrictions as are included in the Offering Circular. The Company reserves the right to accept any tender under the Exchange Offer  which is made by or on behalf of a DSM Shareholder  even if it has not been made in the manner set out in the Offering Circular.The distribution of the Offering Circular and/or the making of the Exchange Offer in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted and/or prohibited by law. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  the Offering Circular is not for general circulation in the United States. The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any DSM Shareholder  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the Offering Circular. Persons obtaining the Offering Circular are required to take due note and observe all such restrictions and obtain any necessary authorisations  approvals or consents (to the extent applicable). Outside of the Netherlands  no actions have been taken (nor will actions be taken) to make the Exchange Offer possible in any jurisdiction where such actions would be required. In addition  the Offering Circular has not been filed with nor recognised by the authorities of any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. Neither the Company  nor DSM  nor Firmenich  nor any of their advisers accept any liability for any violation by any person of any such restriction. Any person (including  without limitation  custodians  nominees and trustees) who forwards or intends to forward the Offering Circular or any related document to any jurisdiction outside the Netherlands should carefully read section 16 (Restrictions) and section 17 (Important Information) of the Offering Circular before taking any action. The release  publication or distribution of the Offering Circular and any documentation regarding the Exchange Offer  the making of the Exchange Offer or the issuance and offering of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession the Offering Circular comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the law of any such jurisdiction.United States of AmericaUnless otherwise determined by the Company  the Exchange Offer is not being  and will not be  made  directly or indirectly  in or into  or by the use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  telephonically or electronically) of  interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States except to DSM Shareholders who (i) are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as such term is defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the U.S. Securities Act  and each such person  a QIB) and (ii)  to the Company's satisfaction (in its sole discretion)  have duly completed and returned to the Company a letter confirming that it is a QIB and agreeing to certain transfer restrictions applicable to the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (a U.S. Investor Letter) available from the Company (each an Eligible U.S. Holder). Accordingly  to be eligible to receive DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer  each DSM Shareholder that is a U.S. Person and that is a QIB must make their acceptance known through their custodian  bank or stockbroker by executing and delivering a U.S. Investor letter to such custodian or intermediary no later than 17:40 hours CEST on the Acceptance Closing Date. The custodian  bank or stockbroker may set an earlier deadline for communication by DSM Shareholders in order to permit the custodian  bank or stockbroker to communicate its acceptances to the Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO) in a timely manner. Accordingly  Eligible U.S. Holders holding DSM Ordinary Shares through a financial intermediary should comply with the dates communicated by such financial intermediary  as such dates may differ from the dates and times noted in the Offering Circular.The form of a U.S. Investor Letter will be distributed to custodians  nominees and other financial intermediaries to distribute to those they hold for in due course and is also available to QIBs from the Company. Any U.S. Person who is not a QIB  or in respect of whom no U.S. Investor Letter is received before 17:40 hours CEST on the Acceptance Closing Date  will be a Restricted Shareholder and will be treated as set out under section 14.35 (Notice to DSM Shareholders in certain jurisdictions) of the Offering Circular.The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States and accordingly  the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may not be reoffered  resold or transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.Any DSM Shareholder located in the United States at the time of the Transactions will be required to make certain representations  warranties and undertakings in respect of their status as QIB (the QIB Confirmations)  in order to receive the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States is unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted to such person will instead be transferred to a sales agent  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to such person within five days of the Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Acceptance Period  or within five days of the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during any Post-Closing Acceptance Period.Additional information is included in section 16.1 (United States of America) of the Offering Circular.Forward looking statementsCertain statements in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current beliefs and projections and on information currently available to the Company. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond the Company's control and all of which are based on its current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""seek""  ""would""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""assume""  ""predict""  ""anticipate""  ""annualised""  ""goal""  ""target""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""hope""  ""objective""  ""position""  ""project""  ""risk"" or ""aim"" or the highlights or negatives thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology  or by discussions of DSM-Firmenich's strategy  short-term and mid-term objectives and future plans that involve risks and uncertainties.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake and it expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  assumptions  expectations  estimates and projections of the Directors in office at the time of this press release and the Company's management  public statements made by it  present and future business strategies and the environment in which DSM-Firmenich will operate in the future. By their nature  they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause DSM-Firmenich's actual results and future events to differ materially from those implied or expressed by forward-looking statements. The DSM Shareholders and other prospective investors are advised to read section 2 (Risk Factors) of the Offering Circular for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the DSM-Firmenich's future performance and the industry in which DSM-Firmenich operates. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should any of the assumptions underlying the above or other factors prove to be incorrect  DSM-Firmenich's actual results of operations or future financial condition could differ materially from those described herein as currently anticipated  believed  estimated or expected. In light of the risks  uncertainties and assumptions underlying the above factors  the forward-looking events described in the Offering Circular may not occur or be realised. Additional risks not known to the Company or that the Company does not currently consider material could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in the Offering Circular not to occur.About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.About DSMDSM has transformed during its 150+ year history into today's health  nutrition and bioscience global leader. The Dutch-Swiss company specializes in nutritional ingredients for food and feed with proven world-leading bioscience capabilities and an international network of high-quality manufacturing sites that underpin a business model of global products  local solutions and personalization and precision. For Health  Nutrition and Bioscience (excluding Materials)  DSM delivered €7.3bn of sales in the calendar year 2021  with adjusted EBITDA of €1.4bn and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19%.Transaction websitePlease visit www.creator-innovator.com for additional materials on the Transactions.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1828928/Logo_Combined_Logo.jpgSOURCE Firmenich",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.14,0.3,True,English,"['EXCHANGE OFFER', 'UNCONDITIONAL', 'minimum acceptance level Transaction Condition', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'outstanding ordinary share capital', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares', 'DSM Ordinary Shares', 'Post-Closing Acceptance Period', 'extended Acceptance Period', 'Firmenich International SA', 'joint press release', 'The Exchange Offer', '174,786,029 ordinary shares', 'Transaction Conditions', 'DSM Shareholder', 'GENERAL RELEASE', 'UNITED STATES', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'Danube AG', 'Firmenich AG', 'nominal value', 'regulated market', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'Firmenich boards', 'Firmenich Contribution', 'Post-Offer Merger', 'aggregate issued', 'Dutch Decree', 'Offering Circular', 'The Company', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'KAISERAUGST', 'Switzerland', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'GENEVA', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'SUCH', 'REGULATIONS', 'connection', 'Section', 'paragraphs', 'listing', 'trading', 'Admission', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'making', 'compliance', 'securities', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'terms', 'relation', 'basis', 'Settlement', '8 May', '09:00 hours', '17:40 hours', 'Buy-Out', 'Liquidation', 'result', 'defect', 'date']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,prnewswire.com
23131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-CONVENING-NOTICE-FOR-THE-ORDINARY-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-Form-6-K-43523661/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING   The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the ordinary shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10:30…,"Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING - Form 6-K 04/17/2023 | 12:18pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the ordinary shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10:30 a.m. Belgian time  to deliberate on the agenda mentioned below containing proposed decisions. The ordinary shareholders' meeting shall validly deliberate and decide on Wednesday 17 May 2023  irrespective of the portion of the capital present or represented by the shareholders at the meeting. Agenda of the ordinary general meeting 1 Report of the Supervisory Board and of the statutory auditor for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022 2 Acknowledgment and approval of the remuneration report Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting decides to approve the remuneration report."" 3 Approval of the annual accounts of the company for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The annual accounts for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022  prepared by the supervisory board  are approved."" 1 4 Allocation of the result for the financial year closed on 31 December 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The result to be allocated for the financial year 2022 amounts to USD 158.782.809 22. Together with the loss of USD-62.836.877 75 from the previous financial year  this results in a profit balance to be appropriated of USD 95.945.931 47. A full year gross dividend in the amount of USD 0.081 per share shall be distributed to all shareholders  consisting of an interim dividend of USD 0.03 per share already paid related to Q4 2022  and a final dividend of USD 0.051 per share  to be paid after the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting on 13 June 2023. The allocation of profits will be as follows: Capital and reserves (-) USD 1 080 060.14 Dividends USD 16 344 466.1 Carried forward USD 80 681 525.51"" 5 Shareholder distribution of 1.049 USD per share out of the available share premium for Q4 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting resolves to approve a shareholders distribution for Q4 2022 out of the available share premium of 1.049 USD per share  which shall be paid to the shareholders on 13 June 2023. For the avoidance of doubt  treasury shares shall not be entitled to such shareholders distribution."" 6 Discharge (release of liability) granted to the members of the supervisory board and to the statutory auditor  by means of separate voting  for the execution of their mandate in the course of the financial year 2022 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""Discharge is granted to the members of the supervisory board of the company: Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen  Ms. Anita Odedra and Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato  Messrs. Carl Steen  Steven Smith and Carl Trowell  all members of the supervisory board  for any liability arising from the execution of their mandate in the course of the financial year under revision. Discharge is granted to the auditor of the company: KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren represented by Mr. Herwig Carmans (partner)  for any liability arising from the execution of her mandate in the course of the financial year under revision."" 2 7 End of term of office and appointment of members of the supervisory board Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting resolves to appoint Mrs. Julie De Nul as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2025. Mrs. Julie De Nul holds a Master's degree in law from the University of Ghent. She is CEO of Jan De Nul Dredging NV since 2020 and has been a member of the board of directors of Jan De Nul NV since 2010. From 2007 to 2010  she was Legal Counsel at Office Belgium. She is currently also a member of the board of directors of VCB (the Flemish Construction Confederation)  VOKA (the Flanders' Chamber of Commerce and Industry) and Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent. It appears from the information provided by Mrs. Julie De Nul that the applicable legal requirements with respect to independence under Belgian law are satisfied. The general meeting acknowledges the determination of the supervisory board that Mrs. Julie De Nul can be considered independent under SEC and NYSE rules. The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2025. Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge is the owner and CEO in Nes Invest AS and holds positions as board member in HitecVision AS  Hav Energy AS  OMP Capital AS and Ulstein Group ASA. Mr. Bjørge has previously served 13 years as CEO of Pareto Securities. Prior to that  Mr. Bjørge had 12 years' fixed income investment experience from various positions at Pareto Securities and DNB  which latest was Head of Fixed Income at Pareto Securities. Mr. Bjørge holds a MSc from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). It appears from the information provided by Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge that the applicable legal requirements with respect to independence under Belgian law are satisfied. The general meeting acknowledges the determination of the supervisory board that Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge can be considered independent under SEC and NYSE rules. The general meeting acknowledges the expiry of the term of office of Mrs. Anita Odedra today  with effect immediately after the general shareholders' meeting. The general meeting acknowledges the expiry of the term of office of Mr. Carl Trowell today  with effect immediately after the general shareholders' meeting."" 8 Remuneration of the members of the supervisory board Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""For the execution of his/her mandate  every member of the supervisory board receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 60 000. The chairman receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 160 000. Each member of the supervisory board  including the chairman  shall receive an attendance fee of EUR 10 000 for each board meeting attended. The aggregate annual account amount of the attendance fee shall not exceed EUR 40 000. 3 Every member of the audit and risk committee receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 20 000. The chairman of the audit and risk committee receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 40 000. Each member of the audit and risk committee  including the chairman  shall receive an attendance fee of EUR 5 000 for each committee meeting attended. The aggregate annual account amount of the attendance fee shall not exceed EUR 20 000. Every member of the remuneration committee  the corporate governance and nomination committee and the sustainability committee (who is also a member of the supervisory board) receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 5 000. The chairman of each of these committees receives a gross fixed annual remuneration of EUR 7 500. Each member of these committees  including the chairman  shall receive an attendance fee of EUR 5 000 for each committee meeting attended. The aggregate annual account amount of the attendance fee shall not exceed EUR 20 000."" 9 Remuneration of the statutory auditor Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""For the financial year ending 31 December 2023  the total amount of the remuneration for the statutory auditor is fixed at EUR 975 000 for the audit of the statutory and consolidated accounts  which includes the audit on financial reporting."" 10 Resignation and appointment of the statutory auditor Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting acknowledges and accepts the resignation of the statutory auditor KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren  based on the legal limitation of the number of years during which the same auditor can act pursuant to the EU Regulation No. 537/2014. The general meeting resolves to appoint as statutory auditor  on proposal of the audit and risk committee  BDO Bedrijfsrevisoren  a private limited liability company under Belgian Law  with registered office at Da Vincilaan 9  box E.6  1930 Zaventem  Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank For Enterprises under number 0431.088.289 represented by Mrs. Veerle Catry  as statutory auditor of the Company for a term of three years until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026."" 11 Approvals of change of control clauses in credit agreements in accordance with Article 7:151 of the Code of Companies and Associations 4 Proposed decision: The general meeting resolves as follows: ""The general meeting approves and  to the extent necessary  ratifies in accordance with Article 7:151 of the Code of Companies and Associations  all provisions of the following credit agreement which provides for a mandatory prepayment and/or cancellation in case of a change of control over the company: a loan agreement dated 6 December 2022 between (i) Euronav NV as borrower  (ii) the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 therein as lenders  (iii) the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 2 therein as swap banks  (iv) the Mandated Lead Arrangers as defined therein  (v) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Bookrunner  (vi) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Coordinator  (vii) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Sustainability Agent  (viii) Nordea Bank ABP  filial i Norge as Agent and (ix) the Security Trustee as security trustee of up to  initially  $377 000 000 (which may be increased to up to $447 000 000) comprising a revolving credit facility of up to $307 000 000 and a newbuild term loan facility of up to $70 000 000 and an upsize term loan facility of  initially  $0 (which may be increased to up to $70 000 000). 12 Proxy Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise court  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations Proposed decision: ""The general meeting decides to grant authority to Mrs. Sofie Lemlijn  Ms. Maxime Van der Weehe and Ms. Shirley Odé to act alone with power to substitute  to fulfil all necessary formalities with the Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise courts  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations with respect to the decisions taken at the present meeting."" 13 Miscellaneous • • • 5 CONDITIONS OF ADMISSION I. Admission requirements In accordance with article 32 of the articles of association and article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  the shareholders have to fulfil the following requirements in order to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting and to exercise their right to vote at the meeting in person or by proxy (card). The Company is working with Lumi Connect ( https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events ) to assist shareholders with the registration to (i) participate in the shareholders meeting  (ii) vote before the shareholders meeting or (iii) grant a power of attorney to another person to vote in the shareholders meeting. We advise all shareholders to use this efficient platform. All shareholders attending the shareholders' meeting in person are kindly requested to arrive in advance of the meeting  taking into account that they shall have to register before being allowed to enter the shareholders meeting. Registration will open at 9 a.m. and will be closed 10 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. The company's ordinary shares are comprised of (a) shares that are tradable on Euronext Brussels and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register which is kept in its registered office (the ""Belgian Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" European Shares "")  and (b) shares that are tradable on the New York Stock Exchange and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register maintained in the United States by the company's U.S. transfer agent  which is Computershare (the ""U.S. Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" U.S. Shares ""). 1. Record Date Shareholders have the right to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting provided they have their shares recorded in their name (i.e. can prove they own these shares) on Wednesday 3 May 2023 at 24:00 hours Belgian time (the ""Record Date""). In view of the Record Date set for the company's shareholders' meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023  shareholders may not reposition shares between the Belgian Share Register and the U.S. Share Register during the period from 2 May 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) until 4 May 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) (the ""Freeze Period""). Please consult the company's website for the applicable Freeze Periods. (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) The holders of registered European Shares may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if their shares are registered in the company's Belgian Share Register on the Record Date. 6 (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to use the Lumi Connect Platform and registers for the shareholders meeting of the Company on h ttps://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   the below mentioned procedure should not be followed and Lumi Connect shall determine the shareholding on the Record Date. If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to not use the Lumi Connect Platform  the following procedure should be followed: The holders of dematerialised European Shares should request their financial institution to issue a certificate stating the number of dematerialized shares registered in the name of the shareholder in its books on the Record Date and to send it directly to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) at the latest by Thursday 11 May 2023  5.00 pm (Belgian time) (the ""Notification Deadline""). The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date on the basis of the certificate provided by the relevant financial institution to Euroclear Belgium. (c) Holders of U.S. Shares  reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is reflected in the U.S. Share Register on the Record Date. The company's U.S. transfer agent will provide the company directly or indirectly with a shareholder list at the Record Date that contains all of the registered holders of the company's U.S. Shares on the Record Date no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is included in the information provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary of such shareholders no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". 7 2. Attending the meeting in person. A. European Shares All shareholders  holding European Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below no later than the Notification Deadline: • electronically on the Lumi Connect platform via the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events (in case of dematerialized European Shares  whether or not through the intervention of a financial intermediary acting on instruction of the shareholder); • by e-mail to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below; • by post addressed to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below. In addition  proof of identification may be asked when entering the meeting room. If a shareholder  which holds European Shares  decides to not register electronically via the Lumi Connect Platform and decides to notify the Company via e-mail or post  the following procedures should be followed: (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) Owners of registered European Shares wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete the attendance form included as part of their individual notice and notify the company thereof by the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form  which is available on the company's website  together with a proof of registration that is provided by such holder's financial institution. B. U.S. Shares All shareholders  holding US Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below and in Section III (Notifications) no later than the Notification Deadline. (a) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares registered directly in the U.S. Share Register wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form included as part of their individual notice. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. (b) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) 8 Holders of U.S. Shares registered indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form available on the company's website together with an account statement or letter from a broker  bank or other nominee indicating that such holder was the owner of the shares on the Record Date. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. HOLDERS OF U.S. SHARES: IF YOU DECIDED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE MEETING THROUGH A PROXY (CARD)  PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED THEREWITH. IF YOU ATTEND THE MEETING  YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY (CARD) UNTIL THE NOTIFICATION DEADLINE AND VOTE IN PERSON. 3. Powers of attorney - U.S. proxy card Each shareholder may appoint a special proxy to represent him or her at the shareholders' meeting or issue their votes through a U.S. proxy card  as the case may be. In the first case  the original proxy for this purpose must be submitted to the company. (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) Holders of registered European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link h ttps://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form included as part of their individual notice and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) no later than the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form available on the company's website and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium no later than the Notification Deadline  attn. Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan 1  1210 Brussel (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). (c) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) 9 Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. All shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website  in the Meeting Materials and with the U.S. proxy card in order to be validly represented at the shareholders' meeting. No other forms will be accepted  nor will proxy forms completed without complying with the instructions. 4. Voting by letter by holders of European Shares (both registered and dematerialized shares) Holders of registered or dematerialized European Shares who want to vote upfront prior to the meetings by letter  must complete: • the advance electronic vote that can be cast on the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the designated form for voting by letter available on the company's website  of which a completed signed original form should be provided at the latest on the Notification Deadline to Euroclear Belgium  for the attention of Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan  1  1210 Brussels (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). Moreover holders of dematerialized European Shares who want to vote by letter  have to comply with the conditions to participate to the meetings  as described above in ""1. Record date - (b) Holders of European Shares (dematerialized shares""). II. Shareholders' rights The company will distribute the convening notice and agenda  attendance form  attendance guidelines and proxy form (the ""Meeting Materials"") to (i) holders of European Shares (registered shares) and holders of U.S. Shares directly reflected in the U.S. Share Register through an individual mailing by the company no later than 17 April 2023; and (ii) holders of European Shares (dematerialised shares) through the website and the press no later than 17 April 2023; and (iii) holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) through a mailing as of 17 April 2023. Holders of U.S. Shares will additionally be provided with a U.S. proxy card. Taking into account the geographical spread of the shareholders and in order to enable holders of U.S. Shares to participate in the meeting  Broadridge will take all appropriate measures to provide the holders of U.S. Shares with the Meeting Materials and the U.S.proxy card timely. Only shareholders complying with all conditions of admission for attendance to the meeting outlined above shall be entitled to vote at the meeting. 10 A copy of the documents and reports mentioned in the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and of those that need to be submitted to said meeting can be obtained by the shareholders  free of charge  thirty days before the shareholders' meeting at the company's registered office  at the address mentioned below. One or more shareholders having at least 3% of the share capital of the company may add items to the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and may file proposals of resolution relating to already existing agenda items. These shareholders must notify the company of their proposals at the latest on Tuesday 25 April 2023. Following such notification  the company will publish a revised agenda no later than Tuesday 2 May 2023. Shareholders may ask questions in writing to the Supervisory Board prior to the shareholders' meeting by sending such questions to the company  or via the Lumi Connect platform (https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events)  no later than Thursday 11 May 2023 at 5.00 pm (Belgian time). Shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website in this respect. III. Notifications Unless specified otherwise above  all notifications must be sent to one of the following addresses: Euronav NV Company Secretary - General Meetings De Gerlachekaai 20 2000 Antwerp Belgium Telefax: +32 3 247.44.09 Attention: Company Secretary - General Meetings E-mail address: shareholders@euronav.com Each of the aforementioned deadlines means the latest date on which the notification must be received by the company. When sent by post mail  the date of the postmark is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. When sent by telefax or email  the date of the fax or email is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. All documents and other information required for purposes of the shareholders' meeting are available from the above-mentioned address and from the company's website: www.euronav.com. 11 IV. Data protection Euronav is responsible for the processing of personal data received from  or collected about  holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders in the context of shareholders' meetings. The company will process such data solely for the purposes of the organisation and conduct of the relevant shareholders' meeting  including the convening notices  registrations  attendance and voting  as well as for maintaining lists or registers of security holders  and the analysis of the investor and security holder base of the company. These data include  amongst others  identification data  the number and nature of securities of a holder of securities issued by the company  proxies and voting instructions. Euronav may also transfer this data to third parties for the purposes of assistance or services to the company in connection with the foregoing. The company will process such data  mutatis mutandis  in accordance with the Euronav Privacy Statement  available on the company's website (https://www.euronav.com/en/privacy-statement/). The company informs the holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders of the rights they may have as data subjects  such as  among others  the right to access  the right to rectify and the right to object to processing  which are described in detail in aforementioned Privacy Statement. To exercise rights as a data subject and for all other information regarding the processing of personal data by or on behalf of the company  the company can be contacted by e-mail at dpo@euronav.com . The supervisory board 12 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Euronav NV published this content on 17 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 17 April 2023 16:17:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about EURONAV NV 04/17 Euronav Annual General Meeting of 17 May 2023 AQ 04/17 Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING - Form 6-K PU 04/13 Euronav : Regulated information - Form 6-K PU 04/13 Euronav publishes its Annual Report and files Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December .. AQ 03/31 Euronav announces final year results 2022 AQ 03/31 Euronav NV Proposes Final Dividend for 2022  Payable on 13 June 2023 CI 03/29 Iran Smuggled Oil AQ 03/23 Frontline's Fredriksen appointed to Euronav supervisory board RE 03/23 Euronav : Special Shareholder Meeting results PU 03/23 Euronav NV Approves the Composition of the New Supervisory Board CI Analyst Recommendations on EURONAV NV 03/06 Deutsche Bank Downgrades Euronav to Hold From Buy  Adjusts Price Target to $20 From $19 MT 02/03 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav NV Price Target to $19 From $18  Maintains Buy Rating MT 01/12 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav's Price Target to $18 From $21  Maintains Buy Rating MT",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.14,0.53,True,English,"[""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'Euronav', 'NOTICE', 'Form', 'Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato', ""12 years' fixed income investment experi"", 'Jan De Nul Dredging NV', 'Mr. Ole Henrik Bjørge', 'Jan De Nul NV', 'Mrs. Julie De Nul', 'Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen', 'Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent', 'full year gross dividend', 'Mr. Bjørge', 'Mr. Herwig Carmans', 'multiple email addresses', 'Ms. Anita Odedra', 'Flemish Construction Confederation', 'Ulstein Group ASA', 'Nes Invest AS', 'Hav Energy AS', 'Messrs. Carl Steen', 'applicable legal requirements', 'available share premium', 'ordinary general meeting', 'OMP Capital AS', 'previous financial year', ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'HitecVision AS', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'Carl Trowell', 'Legal Counsel', 'Schaliënstraat', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Belgian time', 'annual accounts', 'profit balance', '5 Shareholder distribution', 'treasury shares', 'separate voting', 'Steven Smith', 'KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren', ""Flanders' Chamber"", 'NYSE rules', 'Pareto Securities', 'shareholders distribution', 'supervisory board', 'statutory auditor', 'remuneration report', 'independent member', 'First name', 'Office Belgium', 'Belgian law', 'board member', 'Euronav', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'Form', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '2000 Antwerp', 'agenda', 'proposed', 'decisions', 'portion', '31 December', 'Acknowledgment', 'approval', 'company', 'Allocation', 'result', 'loss', 'amount', 'USD', 'Q4', '13 June', 'profits', 'reserves', 'Dividends', 'avoidance', 'doubt', '6 Discharge', 'release', 'liability', 'members', 'means', 'execution', 'mandate', 'course', 'revision', 'partner', 'term', 'appointment', 'Master', 'degree', 'University', 'CEO', 'directors', 'VCB', 'VOKA', 'Commerce', 'Industry', 'respect', 'independence', 'owner', 'positions', '10:30', '1.049']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXAIL-TECHNOLOGIES-5158/news/Exail-Technologies-Full-year-2022-results-EUR-280-million-pro-forma-revenues-and-23-current-43523618/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230417,Exail Technologies :  Full year 2022 results: EUR 280 million pro forma revenues and 23% current EBITDA margin,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseParis  17 April 2023 at 18h  Exail Technologies is publishing its results for the first time in its new simplified scope  now focused on the activities of Exail. The 2022 consolidated revenues thus include the contribu…,"Press releaseParis  17 April 2023 at 18hExail Technologies is publishing its results for the first time in its new simplified scope  now focused on the activities of Exail. The 2022 consolidated revenues thus include the contribution of iXblue in the last quarter of 2022. Exail Technologies also unveils a pro forma 2022 income statement  including the contribution of iXblue over the whole year 2022. Within this scope  the company generated revenues of €280 million in 2022 and a current EBITDA margin of 23%.Consolidated and pro forma P&L 2022(in €million) FY 2022pro forma[1] FY 2022 FY 2021[2] Var M€(2022 reportedvs 2021) Var.% Backlog at the end of the period 633 7 633 7 489 9 +143 9 +29% Revenues 279 8 179 8 115 9 +63 9 +55% Current EBITDA[3] 63 6 36 5 25 3 +11 2 +44% Current EBITDA margin (%) 22 7% 20 3% 21 8% -0 0 pts -0 1 pts Income from ordinary activities2 36 5 21 2 12 5 +8 7 +70% Operating income 28 3 6 6 11 3 -4 7 -42% Financial result -19 2 -4 9 -1 2 -3 7 296% Tax -4 4 -8 5 -2 2 -6 3 289 % Net income from discontinued activities 0 9 0 9 39 0 -38 1 -98% Consolidated Net income 5 6 -5 9 46 9 -52 8 -113% Net income in group share 3 4 -5 9 46 2 -52 1 -113%The last disposal of the former Engineering & Protection Systems (EPS) division was completed at the end of the first quarter of 2023  in line with the announced schedule. This transaction will generate a cash inflow of €30 million for Exail Technologies[4] in 2023 and a capital gain of €26 million  the positive impact of which will be fully recognized in the first-half accounts. The EPS division is classified in the 2022 and 2021 accounts as discontinued operations (IFRS 5 standard).An excellent level of revenues  particularly strong at the end of 2022Pro forma 2022 revenues  including iXblue for the full year  amount to €280 million  illustrating the change in dimension of the group.The maritime robotics activities  including drone systems  generated more than €110M in revenues in 2022. The contribution of the BENL program represents around €45m  in line with what was announced at the beginning of 2022. Two new milestones in this program have recently been reached: the passage of the Test Readiness Review  and the launch of the first of the twelve ships built by our partner Naval Group  which will be equipped with Exail's drone systems.This contract remains the group's largest  but its relative weight is being significantly reduced in favor of equipment sales to a very diversified client base. These products  which have a relatively short sales cycle  have rapidly benefited from the supportive context of the defense market for naval and land equipment.This is the case for navigation and positioning systems  comprising in particular the range of inertial navigation systems (INS). The performance of this business was better than expected a year ago  when the acquisition of iXblue was announced  and generated around €100 million in revenues over the year 2022.The rest of the sales concerns on-board electronics equipment  photonic and quantum components used by the group and also sold to external customers. The photonics business also contributed to the better-than-expected profitability.Pro forma current EBITDA margin increasing to 23%Exail Technologies  in its new perimeter  has generated €64 million of pro forma current EBITDA in 2022  representing a margin of 23%. This very good performance is significantly higher than the 20% expected when the acquisition of iXblue was announced. It is the combined result of:Quality and high performance in each of the businesses . Operational excellence and the innovative characteristics of the group's systems and products have enabled to maintain high gross margins.. Operational excellence and the innovative characteristics of the group's systems and products have enabled to maintain high gross margins. The vertical integration of businesses   which gives Exail a significant control of its costs and its supply times for critical components. This major advantage also enabled the group to win orders at the end of the year thanks to its responsiveness and competitive delivery times.  which gives Exail a significant control of its costs and its supply times for critical components. This major advantage also enabled the group to win orders at the end of the year thanks to its responsiveness and competitive delivery times. Increase in revenues . This growth  combined with the gradual implementation of synergies  has enabled better coverage of fixed costs  better use of production capacity and the pooling of certain resources (support functions  R&D). This growth  combined with the gradual implementation of synergies  has enabled better coverage of fixed costs  better use of production capacity and the pooling of certain resources (support functions  R&D) Good management of indirect costs  which remain under control.Pro forma operating result of €28 millionAmortization and provisions amounted to €27 million in the 2022 pro forma scope. Pro forma operating income thus amounted to €36.5 million.Other operating income items represent €8 million in the pro forma income statement and are mainly composed of costs related to the employee incentive and retention plan implemented by iXblue for several years. The costs of structuration and acquisition of iXblue have been neutralized in the pro forma accounts and represent approximately €10 million over the year 2022.As a result  the company's pro forma operating profit is €28.2 million  more than twice the operating result for the year 2021. This sharp increase is due to the acquisition of iXblue and the increase in activity.Higher cost of financial debt  with limited effect on cash flowThe acquisition of iXblue was completed without a capital increase by Exail Technologies thanks to the leverage created at the level of the subsidiary EXAIL HOLDING  to which ECA Group was contributed by externalizing its real value. This financial structure offers a significant potential for value creation  due to the amplification of the effects of the group's growth through financial leverage. It led to an increase in the cost of financial debt  to €23 million in 2022 pro forma[5].A significant part of the interest recorded - the interest on the bonds issued to ICG - is capitalized and therefore has no effect on cash. Cash outflows related to interest on debt therefore account for slightly more than half of the expense recorded in the income statement. These costs should decrease in the coming years with the gradual deleveraging of the group  which has already begun since the acquisition.A financial structure under controlAt the end of 2022  the group's adjusted net debt[6] stood at €266 million  including €81 million of bonds in fine (2030) subscribed by the financial partner ICG and €92 million of in fine bank debt (2029). The profitability generated by the group allows it to largely respect its banking covenants at the end of 2022.The ratio of net debt to current EBITDA 2022 pro forma is thus 2.9x excluding the ICG bonds (debt in fine subordinated to bank debt) and 4.2x including them.Cash flow from operating activities amounts to +€88 million in 2022 pro forma[7]  including a +€17 million improvement in working capital. Capex amounted to €26 million  mainly comprising R&D investments.These amounts and ratios do not include the proceeds from the sale of the ESP division. This transaction was finalized at the end of March 2023 and generated a cash inflow of €30 million. The allocation of this cash will be discussed by the Board of Directors. The company does not intend to keep it permanently as available cash  nor to invest it in new activities other than those of Exail.Distribution of the remaining Prodways Group shares held by Exail TechnologiesIn December 2021  Exail Technologies distributed most of its Prodways Group shares to all its shareholders. In the continuity of this operation  the Group will propose to distribute the remaining shares of Prodways Group held by Exail Technologies  representing an indicative value of €7.3 million (5.95% of Prodways Group's share capital  valued at €2.38 on April 14  2023). Each shareholder will thus receive 1 Prodways Group share for 6 Exail Technologies shares held. The details of the operation will be published in a dedicated press release at a later date.Outlook: strong growth in the short and medium termThe context of increased defense budgets worldwide  which was not anticipated at the time of the agreement to acquire iXblue a year ago  has a positive impact on the group's activities. The increase in defense spending is materializing  in orders or tenders  both in the short term through sales of navigation and positioning systems  and in the medium term for major mine clearance or seabed control projects. Exail Technologies won €104 million in orders in the fourth quarter 2022  an increase of around +40% compared to the volume of orders for the same period last year on a comparable basis.The order backlog at the end of the year thus represents €634 million  or more than two years of revenues.Significant tenders are underway for underwater mine hunting  with some responses expected in 2023. Negotiations are underway for various programs  some of which have made progress in recent months.Significant value creation potential for Exail Technologies' shareholdersSince the acquisition a year ago  the new Exail group has delivered a very good performance  driven by strong demand for ex-iXblue's navigation systems and photonic components  as well as the good performance of the ex-ECA business.These favorable developments  not integrated at the time of the acquisition  have already strengthened the value of the company. Going forward  the combined effects of revenue growth  improved current EBITDA margin and leverage effect will continue to generate significant value for the shareholders.Revenue growth should accelerate this year: Exail Technologies has set a revenue growth target of more than +15% in 2023 compared to pro forma 2022 revenues. The higher-than-expected current EBITDA margin in 2022 strengthens the group in its objective of increasing this margin from 20% in 2021 to 25% by 2025-2026.Next financial eventsActivity of the first quarter 2023: 27 April 2023General Meeting: 15 June 2023Activity of the second quarter 2023: 26 July 2023About Exail TechnologiesExail Technologies is the new name of Groupe Gorgé  adopted after the transformation of the group at the end of 2022  now focused on the activities of its subsidiary Exail. Exail Technologies is an industrial company specializing in high technology in the field of autonomous robotics with a vertical integration of its businesses. The group offers complex drone and navigation systems  as well as products for the aerospace and photonics industries. Exail Technologies provides performance  reliability and safety to its civil and military customers operating in harsh environments and generates revenues in nearly 80 countries.Exail technologies is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (EXA).www.exail-technologies.comContacts Investor relationsHugo SoussanTel. +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86h.soussan@exail-technologies.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.fr Media relationsManon ClairetTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.frAPPENDIXDefinitions of alternative performance indicatorsCurrent EBITDA: Operating income before “depreciation  amortization and provisions”  “other items of operating income” and “Group share of the earnings of affiliated companies”.Income from ordinary activities: Operating income before “other items of operating income” and “Group share of the earnings of affiliated companies”.Adjusted Net Debt: Net debt excluding lease liabilities resulting from the application of IFRS 16 and including the value of treasury stock.P&L consolidated 2022  2022 pro forma and 2021 restated in application of IFRS 5(in € thousand) 2022pro forma[8] 2022publié 2021[9] REVENUES 279 803 179 827 115 906 Capitalized production 16 056 10 098 11 393 Inventories and work in progress 6 034 (1 300) (1 907) Other income from operations 21 218 11 869 7 215 Purchases and external charges (132 576) (82 631) (53 773) Personnel expenses (124 328) (78 754) (53 236) Tax and duties (3 366) (2 264) (1 167) Depreciation  amortization  and provisions (net of reversals) (27 126) (15 370) (12 833) Other operating income and expenses 741 (312) 860 INCOME FROM ORDINARY ACTIVITIES 36 457 21 164 12 457 Group share of the earnings of affiliated companies (5) (5) - Other items in operating income (8 167) (14 606) (1 166) OPERATING INCOME 28 285 6 552 11 291 Interest on gross debt (23 690) (8 509) (2 073) Interest on cash and cash equivalents 136 70 4 NET BORROWING COST (A) (23 554) (8 438) (2 069) Other financial income (b) 5 562 4 075 168 Other financial expense (c) (1 236) (581) 652 FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES (d=a+b+c) (19 227) (4 944) (1 249) Income tax (4 423) (8 458) (2 172) NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 4 634 (6 850) 7 870 Net income from discontinued operations 934 934 39 001 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME 5 568 (5 916) 46 871 INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO PARENT COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS 3 355 (5 869) 46 208 INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 2 213 (47) 663 Average number of shares 17 105 312 17 105 312 17 218 321Consolidated balance sheet - Assets(in € thousands) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 458 734 116 244 Goodwill 292 289 23 792 Other intangible assets 59 441 34 172 Property  plant and equipment 47 207 23 277 Rights of use 34 305 15 078 Investments in affiliated companies - 5 Other financial assets 19 495 18 543 Deferred tax assets 3 905 1 378 Other non-current assets 2 091 - CURRENT ASSETS 331 728 203 565 Net inventories 64 284 23 003 Net trade receivables 53 020 43 757 Contract assets 85 191 63 189 Other current assets 31 469 17 115 Tax receivables 30 043 13 375 Other current financial assets 8 964 217 Cash and cash equivalents 58 756 42 909 Assets held for sale 50 352 32 751 TOTAL ASSETS 840 814 352 560Consolidated balance sheet - Liabilities(in €thousand) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNER OF THE PARENT 106 318 59 300 Stakes attributable to non-controlling interests 104 259 5 001 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 361 547 107 355 Long-term provisions 5 994 5 224 Long-term liabilities – portion due in more than one year 288 872 86 696 Lease liabilities – portion due in more than one year 30 122 11 972 Deferred tax liabilities 3 729 150 Commitments to buy minority interests 29 645 3 138 Other financial liabilities 3 185 175 CURRENT LIABILITIES 221 463 148 643 Short-term provisions 5 323 4 881 Long-term liabilities – portion due in less than one year 42 201 41 114 Lease liabilities – portion due in less than one year 6 465 3 279 Other current liabilities 5 077 - Operating trade payables 44 834 32 843 Contract liabilities 48 046 22 504 Other financial current liabilities 69 195 43 780 Tax liabilities payable 322 242 Liabilities held for sale 47 226 32 260 TOTAL LIABILITIES 840 814 352 560Cash-flow statementThe pro forma 2022 cash flow statement is not presented below  as it has not been audited. The information given above in this press release is given for information only.(en milliers d'euros) 2022 2021 NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (6 850) 7 870 Accruals 14 333 7 704 Capital gains and losses on disposals (135) 9 Group share of income of equity-accounted companies 5 - CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS ( before neutralization of the net borrowing cost and taxes) 7 353 15 583 Expense for net debt 8 438 2 069 Tax expense 8 458 2 172 CASH FLOW ( after neutralization of the net borrowing cost and taxes) 24 250 19 824 Tax paid (1 978) (605) Change in working capital requirements 24 090 (36 318) NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (A) 46 361 (17 100) Investing activities Payments/acquisition of intangible assets (9 856) (12 186) Payments/acquisition of property  plant and equipment (7 255) (12 076) Proceeds/disposal of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 201 20 Payments/acquisition & Proceeds/disposal of non-current financial assets 578 14 Net cash inflowithoutflow on the acquisition/disposal of subsidiaries (312 219) - NET CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (B) (328 551) (24 229) Financing activities Capital increase or contributions 151 700 - Dividends paid (584) (5 696) Other equity transactions (264) (3 213) Proceeds from borrowings 259 677 116 965 Repayment of borrowings (100 833) (73 062) Repayments of rental debts (3 488) (2 294) Cost of net debt (2 921) (1 588) NET CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (C) 303 287 31 113 CASH FLOW GENERATED BY CONTINUING OPERATIONS (D = A+B+C) 21 098 (10 216) Cash flow generated by discontinued operations 2 222 (10 769) CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT 23 320 (20 985) Effects of exchange rate changes of the year (113) 16 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 38 230 48 736 Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued activities (461) (307) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 58 756 38 230[1] The pro forma income statement includes iXblue over 12 months  as if the acquisition had taken place on January 1  2022. Normativity adjustments have been applied: neutralization of acquisition costs  normalization of interest expense based on its structure at the acquisition date  neutralization of the negative impact of changes in the scope of consolidation on deferred tax assets related to the expected utilization of Exail Technologies' tax loss carryforwards.[2] Income statement 2021 restated in accordance with IFRS 5.[3] See the glossary in the appendix for definitions of alternative performance indicators.[4] Including €27 million in proceeds from the sale of shares in companies in the ESP division and €3 million in bond redemption for one of these companies.[5] The pro forma income statement for 2022 includes a model of financial expenses as if the acquisition debt had been subscribed on January 1  2022 and without any assumption of capital amortization in 2022. It benefits in 2022 from a €4 million revaluation of hedging instruments  bringing the 2022 pro forma financial result to -€19 million.[6] See glossary in the appendix for a definition of net debt.[7] The items in the 2022 pro forma cash flow statement have not been audited and are provided for information purposes only.[8] The 2022 pro forma column includes the contribution of IXBLUE (now EXAIL SAS) over 12 months; the methods for preparing this pro forma income statement will be detailed in the 2022 Universal Registration Document.[9] The 2021 column has been restated in accordance with IFRS 5.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xpxsZ5eblpicxnBtZJdnZpKZamdkl5OcmGidxGFsmJ+Xam6VxmmVZ5WbZnBqmG1s- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79386-cp_exail-technologies_fy-2022_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Full year 2022 results', 'pro forma revenues', '23% current EBITDA margin', 'Exail Technologies', 'EUR', 'pro forma 2022 income statement', 'Pro forma operating result', 'Pro forma operating income', 'Test Readiness Review', 'diversified client base', 'Two new milestones', 'high gross margins', 'competitive delivery times', 'short sales cycle', '2022 pro forma scope', 'new simplified scope', 'The EPS division', 'current EBITDA margin', 'maritime robotics activities', 'Pro forma 2022 revenues', 'inertial navigation systems', 'partner Naval Group', 'EPS) division', 'Financial result', 'new perimeter', 'combined result', 'supply times', 'Net income', 'equipment sales', 'sales concerns', 'high performance', 'Press release', 'first time', 'last quarter', 'P&L', 'ordinary activities2', 'last disposal', 'first quarter', 'cash inflow', 'capital gain', 'positive impact', 'IFRS 5 standard', 'excellent level', 'twelve ships', 'relative weight', 'supportive context', 'defense market', 'land equipment', 'electronics equipment', 'quantum components', 'external customers', 'Operational excellence', 'innovative characteristics', 'vertical integration', 'critical components', 'major advantage', 'gradual implementation', 'production capacity', 'support functions', 'R&D', 'Good management', 'Protection Systems', 'drone systems', 'positioning systems', 'good performance', 'significant control', 'fixed costs', 'indirect costs', 'Exail Technologies', 'first-half accounts', 'BENL program', 'photonics business', '2022 consolidated revenues', 'group share', 'full year', '2021 accounts', 'Paris', '17 April', '18h', 'results', 'contribution', 'iXblue', 'company', 'FY', 'Var', 'Backlog', 'end', 'period', 'Tax', 'line', 'schedule', 'transaction', 'operations', 'change', 'dimension', 'beginning', 'passage', 'launch', 'contract', 'favor', 'products', 'case', 'range', 'acquisition', 'rest', 'board', 'expected', 'profitability', 'Quality', 'businesses', 'orders', 'responsiveness', 'Increase', 'growth', 'synergies', 'coverage', 'use', 'pooling', 'resources', 'Amortization', 'provisions', '€', '0,0']",2023-04-17,2023-04-18,marketscreener.com
23133,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/23/04/g31869466/genfit-announces-publication-of-the-2022-universal-registration-document-and-the-2022-annual-repor,GENFIT Announces Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F,Zurich (Switzerland); April 18  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients,"Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 18  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases  today announced the filing of its 2022 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).These annual reports are available to the public free of charge in accordance with applicable regulations and may be viewed at and downloaded from GENFIT's website at ir.genfit.com. The 2022 Registration Document is also available on the AMF's website: www.amf-france.org and the Annual Report on Form 20-F is available on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov).GENFIT's 2022 Universal Registration Document includes  in particular:the annual financial report the annual Board of Directors' management report the Board of Directors' report on corporate governance the Statutory Auditors' reports on the annual and consolidated financial statements and related-party agreements  andthe table summarizing the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via six programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)  organic acidemia disorder (OAD) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT's pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext's regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company's share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 in relation to its R&D programs and data readout of its clinical trials. The use of certain words  including ""consider""  ""contemplate""  ""think""  ""aim""  ""expect""  ""understand""  ""should""  ""aspire""  ""estimate""  ""targeted""  ""anticipated""  ""believe""  ""wish""  ""may""  ""could""  ""allow""  ""seek""  ""encourage"" or ""have confidence"" or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company's management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company's public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Main Risks and Uncertainties"" of the Company's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company's website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"") including the Company's 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023. In addition  even if the Company's results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.19,0.69,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', '2022 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'GENFIT', 'Publication', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'des marchés financiers', 'high unmet medical needs', 'severe chronic liver diseases', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'U.S. Securities', 'chronic liver failure', 'severe liver diseases', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'The 2022 Registration Document', 'strong scientific heritage', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'organic acidemia disorder', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'liver disease research', 'consolidated financial statements', 'R&D pipeline', 'six therapeutic areas', 'R&D programs', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'annual financial report', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", ""Directors' management report"", 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', ""Directors' report"", 'high potential', 'financial condition', 'innovative therapeutic', 'six programs', 'cycle disorder', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'forward-looking statements', 'United States', 'applicable regulations', 'corporate governance', 'related-party agreements', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'diagnostic solutions', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'press release', 'data readout', 'clinical trials', 'negative forms', 'other variant', 'reasonable expectations', 'numerous known', 'other things', 'regulatory authorities', 'diagnostic candidates', 'potential synergies', 'public filings', 'annual Board', 'early-stage assets', 'share capital', 'unknown risks', 'Main Risks', 'Form 20-F', 'late development', 'development stages', 'other terms', 'actual results', 'france.org', 'Lille', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'AMF', 'year', 'charge', 'accordance', 'website', 'table', 'fees', 'rare', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'action', 'variety', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OAD', 'PBC', 'therapeutics', 'NASH', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'respect', 'meaning', 'relation', 'words', 'confidence', 'case', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'biomarkers', 'cost', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'Europe', 'drug', 'acquisition', 'Versantis', 'capacity', 'continued', 'ability', 'Chapter 2', 'addition', 'performance', 'liquidity', 'industry']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,benzinga.com
23134,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/18/global-stocks-rise-to-reach-highest-level-since-early-february/,Global stocks rise to reach highest level since early February,A gauge of global stocks rose on Tuesday to reach their highest level since early February as US earnings season picks up steam  while Treasury yields dipped after three straight,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500 index was little changed as a drop in Goldman Sachs Group’s profit dampened optimism about resilience in the banking sector  with gains in technology stocks helping keep the index afloat. Photograph: Spencer Platt/GettyA gauge of global stocks rose on Tuesday to reach their highest level since early February as US earnings season picks up steam  while Treasury yields dipped after three straight sessions of gains.DublinEuronext Dublin outperformed European peers as a number of its heavy hitters dragged it up almost 1.5 per cent.Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment finished the day up 2.8 per cent. “Entain in the UK  one of its peers  had strong numbers out and it was buoyed by those ” noted a trader.Another group to benefit from a peer was budget airline Ryanair  which climbed 1.8 per cent. “EasyJet had good numbers out as well  so Ryanair caught the rising trend on that one ” a trader said.READ MOREBuilding materials giant CRH – one of the biggest companies on the index – was up 0.3 per cent at close of business. In the same sector  insulation specialist Kingspan ended the day up 1 per cent.Among the banks  AIB and Bank of Ireland enjoyed a positive day’s trading  finishing up 3 per cent and 3.7 per cent respectively.On the downside  Kerry Group’s price dropped 0.7 per cent.LondonInvestors betting on the future of gambling companies have given London’s top stock exchange a boost amid a slow start to the week.The FTSE 100 closed up 0.38 per cent after betting giants Entain and Flutter Entertainment enjoyed a jump in their share price.In company news  HSBC’s biggest shareholder  Ping An  renewed its calls for the bank to be split up  ahead of the company’s shareholder meeting next month. HSBC said this would not be good for shareholders. Shares in the bank closed down 0.5 per cent.Meanwhile THG  an online retailer  said its pretax loss had risen threefold to £550 million as it absorbed shocks caused by rising prices while trying to not scare off customers.Shares in the business had soared by about a third on Monday after it revealed it was the target of takeover interest by US private-equity company Apollo. But on Tuesday shares fell by 15 per cent.Elsewhere  EasyJet saw its shares rise by 1 per cent after its chief executive said demand was “stronger than ever” despite ticket prices jumping by nearly a third compared with a year ago.EuropeShares on the continent advanced  in part due to solid economic data from China  but were off earlier levels that sent them to their highest since February 2022.The pan-European Stoxx 600 index rose 0.33 per cent and MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.1 per cent. MSCI’s index had earlier reached its highest level since February 3rd.Meanwhile  it was a good session for the German Dax  up 0.59 per cent  and the French Cac 40  up 0.47 per cent at close.New YorkThe S&P 500 index was little changed as a drop in Goldman Sachs Group’s profit dampened optimism about resilience in the banking sector  with gains in technology stocks helping keep the index afloat.Goldman Sachs Group dropped 2.5 per cent after its quarterly profit fell 19 per cent  hit by sluggish deal-making and losses from the sale of some loans from its consumer unit Marcus.Bank of America Corp slipped 0.6 per cent in choppy trade even as its first-quarter profit beat analysts’ estimate. The wider banking index was down 0.2 per cent.Johnson & Johnson fell 2.6 per cent as the healthcare conglomerate’s 2023 profit forecast was seen as cautious by several analysts.At 10.12am eastern time  the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 0.36 per cent; the S&P 500 was up 0.04 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite was up 0.13 per cent.Nvidia jumped 4 per cent after HSBC upgraded the chipmaker’s stock to “buy” from “reduce”  surprised by its pricing power on artificial intelligence (AI) chips.Lockheed Martin rose 2.9 per cent after quarterly results of the US weapons maker’s surpassed Wall Street targets as simmering geopolitical tensions fuelled demand from both domestic and international customers. – Additional reporting: agencies,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.15,0.46,True,English,"['Global stocks', 'highest level', 'early February', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'The S&P 500 index', 'top stock exchange', 'US earnings season', 'three straight sessions', 'solid economic data', '10.12am eastern time', 'US weapons maker', 'Wall Street targets', 'Goldman Sachs Group', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'US private-equity company', 'wider banking index', 'pricing power', 'The FTSE 100', 'Kerry Group', 'banking sector', 'Spencer Platt/Getty', 'highest level', 'Treasury yields', 'heavy hitters', 'strong numbers', 'good numbers', 'rising trend', 'same sector', 'insulation specialist', 'slow start', 'betting giants', 'company news', 'biggest shareholder', 'Ping An', 'shareholder meeting', 'online retailer', 'pretax loss', 'rising prices', 'takeover interest', 'chief executive', 'ticket prices', 'earlier levels', 'good session', 'German Dax', 'French Cac', 'sluggish deal-making', 'consumer unit', 'America Corp', 'choppy trade', 'healthcare conglomerate', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'artificial intelligence', 'Lockheed Martin', 'quarterly results', 'geopolitical tensions', 'Additional reporting', 'technology stocks', 'global stocks', 'quarterly profit', 'first-quarter profit', '2023 profit forecast', 'Euronext Dublin', 'European peers', 'biggest companies', 'share price', 'several analysts', 'international customers', '15 per cent', '1 per cent', 'early February', 'positive day', '3.7 per', '0.1 per', 'Traders', 'floor', 'drop', 'optimism', 'resilience', 'gains', 'Photograph', 'gauge', 'Tuesday', 'steam', 'UK', 'EasyJet', 'READ', 'close', 'business', 'Kingspan', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'trading', 'downside', 'London', 'Investors', 'future', 'boost', 'week', 'Entain', 'jump', 'HSBC', 'calls', 'shareholders', 'Shares', 'THG', 'shocks', 'Monday', 'Apollo', 'demand', 'continent', 'part', 'China', 'MSCI', 'globe', 'losses', 'sale', 'loans', 'Marcus', 'estimate', 'Johnson', 'Nvidia', 'chipmaker', 'reduce', 'simmering', 'domestic', 'agencies', '0.59', '0.0']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,irishtimes.com
23135,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/-fox-sports-mexico-signs-multi-year-agreement-eutelsat-/2023/04/18/9796922.htm,FOX Sports Mexico Signs Multi-year Agreement on EUTELSAT 117° West A to Distribute Content Across Mexico,Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) announces that it has signed a multi-year agreement with FOX Sports Mexico  a leading sports broadcaster  to distribute channels across Mexico via Eutelsat's' EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite.,Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) announces that it has signed a multi-year agreement with FOX Sports Mexico  a leading sports broadcaster  to distribute channels across Mexico via Eutelsat's' EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['EUTELSAT 117° West A', 'FOX Sports Mexico', 'Multi-year Agreement', 'Content', 'EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite', 'leading sports broadcaster', 'FOX Sports Mexico', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Euronext Paris', 'multi-year agreement', 'ETL', 'channels']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,tmcnet.com
23136,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2023-04-18/abivax-appoints-michael-ferguson-as-chief-commerical-officer,Abivax appoints Michael Ferguson as Chief Commerical Officer,Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ...,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): PersonnelAbivax appoints Michael Ferguson as Chief Commerical Officer18.04.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax appoints Michael Ferguson as Chief Commercial Officer Michael Ferguson has a strong track record in the biopharmaceutical industry  having held senior positions for commercialization and marketing of drugs in the field of Gastroenterology and specifically in Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (IBD)As CCO of Abivax  Michael Ferguson will be leading the market development of obefazimod in IBD  starting with ulcerative colitis PARIS  France  April 18  2023 – 6:00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announces the appointment of Michael Ferguson as new Chief Commercial Officer  effective immediately  and he will be based at the new Abivax subsidiary on the US East Coast. Therefore  Pierre Courteille will be focusing on business development activities and is appointed Chief Business Officer. Abivax is strengthening its expertise in the commercial and business development field to foster the evolution of the Company towards future commercialization of obefazimod. Michael Ferguson brings over 22 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry  with an extensive track record in the field of Gastroenterology (GI) and Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD). He has spent the last 16 years of his career in large pharmaceutical and biotech companies  including 13 years in leading commercial positions at Shire/Takeda  followed by Arena Pharmaceuticals  where he served as Vice President Global Commercial Marketing and Planning and specifically as Global Commercial Lead for Etrasimod across all GI Indications. Michael holds both a B.S. and an M.B.A with honors in Finance from the Pennsylvania State University as well as a post graduate degree from St. Joseph’s University  Philadelphia  in Pharmaceutical Marketing. Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax  said: “I am delighted that Michael Ferguson will further strengthen Abivax’s executive team and contribute to the success of the Company with his extensive experience in global commercialization and marketing  especially in the United States. As Abivax’s CCO  he will be leading the global positioning of our lead drug candidate and prepare the ground for commercial launch and market development of obefazimod for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. Along with Michael Ferguson as CCO  the Company has a strong  internationally recognized experienced and diversified senior management team to lead obefazimod through the final development steps and  if successful  towards the market and the patients who urgently need new treatments.” Michael Ferguson  new CCO of Abivax  commented: “I am very excited to join the Abivax team with the ongoing Phase 3 clinical program with obefazimod. Based on my experience and the recently reported and very encouraging results of UC patients treated for two years with obefazimod  I believe that the molecule has what it takes to become a new therapeutic option for patients suffering from UC and IBD generally. From a global marketing perspective  obefazimod’s convenient once-daily oral administration will be a big advantage for both patients and gastroenterologists.” ***** About Abivax (www.abivax.com) Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.Contacts AbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858 DISCLAIMER This press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.18.04.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.14,0.21,True,English,"['Chief Commerical Officer', 'Michael Ferguson', 'Abivax', 'Investors Europe MC Services AG', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'ongoing Phase 3 clinical program', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'diversified senior management team', 'new Chief Commercial Officer', 'Public Relations France Primatice', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'Chief Commerical Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Public Relations USA', 'Inflammatory Bowel Diseases', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'US East Coast', 'post graduate degree', 'lead drug candidate', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'new therapeutic option', 'strong track record', 'extensive track record', 'business development activities', 'final development steps', 'Global Commercial Lead', 'leading commercial positions', 'M.B.A', 'Euronext compartment B', 'Pennsylvania State University', 'global marketing perspective', 'Global Commercial Marketing', 'new Abivax subsidiary', 'business development field', 'senior positions', 'Press Relations', 'new treatments', 'commercial launch', 'B.S.', 'executive team', 'global positioning', 'M.D.', 'strong, internationally', 'Abivax’ management', 'global commercialization', 'new CCO', 'Key word', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'ulcerative colitis', 'immune system', 'Pierre Courteille', 'large pharmaceutical', 'biotech companies', 'Arena Pharmaceuticals', 'Vice President', 'St. Joseph', 'Pharmaceutical Marketing', 'United States', 'encouraging results', 'oral administration', 'big advantage', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'More information', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Thomas Roborel', 'Jeanene Timberlake', 'press release', 'patient recruitment', 'forward-looking information', 'various risks', 'Abivax team', 'Michael Ferguson', 'Euronext Paris', 'extensive experience', 'market development', 'future commercialization', 'forward-looking statements', 'last 16 years', 'GI Indications', 'two years', 'Regina Jehle', 'Anne Hennecke', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax Communications', 'UC patients', '22 years', '13 years', 'EQS-News', 'Personnel', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'drugs', 'Gastroenterology', 'IBD', 'obefazimod', 'April', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'appointment', 'expertise', 'evolution', 'career', 'Shire/Takeda', 'Planning', 'Etrasimod', 'honors', 'Finance', 'Philadelphia', 'CEO', 'success', 'ground', 'experienced', 'molecule', 'gastroenterologists', 'Montpellier', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'Climens', 'jtimberlake', 'rooneypartners', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'programs', 'expectations', 'contingencies', 'uncertainties', '6:00']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,pharmiweb.com
23137,EuroNext,Bing API,https://technews.tmcnet.com/news/2023/04/18/9796053.htm,Virtualware will start trading in Paris on Thursday  at 27.25 million valuation,Virtualware  which develops industrial virtual reality platforms for the nuclear  medical  educational and defense industries  will be listed on Euronext Access Paris next Thursday  April 20  at a valuation of 27.,Virtualware  which develops industrial virtual reality platforms for the nuclear  medical  educational and defense industries  will be listed on Euronext Access Paris next Thursday  April 20  at a valuation of 27.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['27.25 million valuation', 'Virtualware', 'Paris', 'Thursday', 'industrial virtual reality platforms', 'nuclear, medical, educational', 'Euronext Access Paris', 'defense industries', 'Virtualware', 'April']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,technews.tmcnet.com
23138,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-firmenich-first-day-trading-080000394.html,DSM-FIRMENICH FIRST DAY OF TRADING ON EURONEXT AMSTERDAM,DSM-Firmenich hereby announces that the listing of and first trading in ordinary shares in its share capital (DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares) on Euronext Amsterdam commenced today  18 April 2023  after the Exchange Offer was declared unconditional on 17 April 2023.,"DSM AND FIRMENICH MERGER OF EQUALS TO SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETE 8 MAY 2023This is a press release by DSM-Firmenich AG (DSM-Firmenich) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by DSM-Firmenich for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM) (each such share  a DSM Ordinary Share) (the Exchange Offer). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM Ordinary Shares (a DSM Shareholder)  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).KAISERAUGST  Switzerland  and HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 18  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- DSM-Firmenich hereby announces that the listing of and first trading in ordinary shares in its share capital (DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares) on Euronext Amsterdam commenced today  18 April 2023  after the Exchange Offer was declared unconditional on 17 April 2023.Geraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  DSM-Firmenich Co-CEOs  said: ""This is a momentous day  marking the final step before we can bring together one of the largest creation communities in the industry  unlocking new opportunities for customers  and positioning us to deliver enhanced long-term shareholder value  sustainably. We appreciate the overwhelming support that we've received from our shareholders throughout this process  and now look forward with excitement to completing the merger with Firmenich in early May 2023. Together  we will establish the leading innovation partner in nutrition  health  and beauty.""DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares are trading under the symbol ""DSFIR"" and the ISIN code is CH1216478797.Story continuesPost-Closing Acceptance Period for DSM ShareholdersDSM Shareholders who have not yet tendered their DSM Ordinary Shares still have the opportunity to do so under the same terms and conditions applicable to the Exchange Offer during a Post-Closing Acceptance Period starting on 18 April 2023 at 09:00 CEST and ending on 28 April 2023 at 17:40 CEST. DSM Shareholders who do not tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period may become subject to certain (tax and other) implications with their continued shareholding in DSM. DSM shares will continue to trade in parallel to DSM-Firmenich shares on Euronext Amsterdam during this period.Firmenich ContributionThe business of Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) will be contributed to DSM-Firmenich on 8 May 2023  thereby completing the transactions contemplated by the merger of equals between DSM and Firmenich. Additional information on the Firmenich Contribution is included in section 13.1 (The Transactions) of the Offering Circular.DelistingAfter the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  remaining DSM Shareholders will be subject to either the Buy-Out or the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation as described in the Offer Circular. Additional information on the Buy-Out is included in section 14.19 (Statutory buy-out) of the Offering Circular and additional information on the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation is included in section 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation) of the Offering Circular.DSM and DSM-Firmenich will start the procedures to delist the DSM Ordinary Shares as soon as possible after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period.DividendDSM-Firmenich will convene an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders by the end of June 2023 to request its shareholders to approve a dividend to its shareholders of €423m in total  representing approximately €1.60 per DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share.Board of Directors appointmentDr. Sze Cotte-Tan (Singaporean national) has been appointed as an independent director and the twelfth member of DSM-Firmenich's experienced board of directors  effective 1 May 2023.With more than 25 years' industry experience in food and nutrition spanning Asia Pacific and Europe  the appointment of Sze will strengthen DSM-Firmenich's board of directors in the areas of science & innovation and sustainability. Her previous executive roles include EVP and CTO of CJ CheilJedang  a South Korean food conglomerate and  prior to that  MD and Centre Head of Nestlé R&D  Singapore. A food scientist by training  Sze brings a wealth of knowledge in the areas of product and process mastership  consumer and sensory science  and organisation change management.Sze is currently Adjunct Professor of Singapore Institute of Technology and sits in various advisory committees including for venture capital fund VisVires New Protein (VVNP)  Singapore Manufacturing  Trade and Connectivity  and the Agency for Science  Technology and Research (A*STAR). Sze holds a PhD in Food Science from the University of Leeds (UK) and an MBA from the Simon Business School  University of Rochester (USA).The full composition of DSM-Firmenich's board of directors is available at www.dsm-firmenich.com.Home member state declarationAs a newly listed issuer  DSM-Firmenich declares that the Netherlands is its ""home member state"" for purposes of its disclosure obligations under the EU Transparency Directive (Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2004 on the harmonization of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and amending Directive 2001/34/EC).AnnouncementsAnnouncements in relation to the Exchange Offer are issued by means of a press release. Any joint press release issued by DSM-Firmenich  DSM and Firmenich is made available on the website of DSM-Firmenich (www.dsm-firmenich.com).Subject to any applicable requirements of the applicable laws and without limiting the manner in which DSM-Firmenich  DSM and Firmenich may choose to make any public announcement  DSM-Firmenich  DSM and Firmenich will have no obligation to communicate any public announcement other than as described in the Offering Circular.Further informationCapitalised terms used but not defined herein are defined in the Offering Circular. This announcement contains selected  condensed information regarding the Exchange Offer and does not replace the Offering Circular. The information in this announcement is not complete and additional information is contained in the Offering Circular. A digital copy of the Offering Circular is available on the website of DSM-Firmenich (www.dsm-firmenich.com/corporate/investors/merger-information/merger-documents/).General restrictionsThe Exchange Offer is being made in and from the Netherlands with due observance of such statements  conditions and restrictions as are included in the Offering Circular. DSM-Firmenich reserves the right to accept any tender under the Exchange Offer  which is made by or on behalf of a DSM Shareholder  even if it has not been made in the manner set out in the Offering Circular.The distribution of the Offering Circular and/or the making of the Exchange Offer in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted and/or prohibited by law. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  the Offering Circular is not for general circulation in the United States. The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any DSM Shareholder  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the Offering Circular. Persons obtaining the Offering Circular are required to take due note and observe all such restrictions and obtain any necessary authorisations  approvals or consents (to the extent applicable). Outside of the Netherlands  no actions have been taken (nor will actions be taken) to make the Exchange Offer possible in any jurisdiction where such actions would be required. In addition  the Offering Circular has not been filed with nor recognised by the authorities of any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. Neither DSM-Firmenich  nor DSM  nor Firmenich  nor any of their advisers accept any liability for any violation by any person of any such restriction. Any person (including  without limitation  custodians  nominees and trustees) who forwards or intends to forward the Offering Circular or any related document to any jurisdiction outside the Netherlands should carefully read section 16 (Restrictions) and section 17 (Important Information) of the Offering Circular before taking any action. The release  publication or distribution of the Offering Circular and any documentation regarding the Exchange Offer  the making of the Exchange Offer or the issuance and offering of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession the Offering Circular comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the law of any such jurisdiction.United States of AmericaUnless otherwise determined by DSM-Firmenich  the Exchange Offer is not being  and will not be  made  directly or indirectly  in or into  or by the use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  telephonically or electronically) of  interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States except to DSM Shareholders who (i) are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as such term is defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the U.S. Securities Act  and each such person  a QIB) and (ii)  to DSM-Firmenich's satisfaction (in its sole discretion)  have duly completed and returned to DSM-Firmenich a letter confirming that it is a QIB and agreeing to certain transfer restrictions applicable to the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (a U.S. Investor Letter) available from DSM-Firmenich (each an Eligible U.S. Holder). Accordingly  to be eligible to receive DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer  each DSM Shareholder that is a U.S. Person and that is a QIB must make their acceptance known through their custodian  bank or stockbroker by executing and delivering a U.S. Investor letter to such custodian or intermediary no later than 17:40 hours CEST on the Acceptance Closing Date. The custodian  bank or stockbroker may set an earlier deadline for communication by DSM Shareholders in order to permit the custodian  bank or stockbroker to communicate its acceptances to the Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO) in a timely manner. Accordingly  Eligible U.S. Holders holding DSM Ordinary Shares through a financial intermediary should comply with the dates communicated by such financial intermediary  as such dates may differ from the dates and times noted in the Offering Circular.The form of a U.S. Investor Letter will be distributed to custodians  nominees and other financial intermediaries to distribute to those they hold for in due course and is also available to QIBs from DSM-Firmenich. Any U.S. Person who is not a QIB  or in respect of whom no U.S. Investor Letter is received before 17:40 hours CEST on the Acceptance Closing Date  will be a Restricted Shareholder and will be treated as set out under section 14.35 (Notice to DSM Shareholders in certain jurisdictions) of the Offering Circular.The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States and accordingly  the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may not be reoffered  resold or transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.Any DSM Shareholder located in the United States at the time of the Transactions will be required to make certain representations  warranties and undertakings in respect of their status as QIB (the QIB Confirmations)  in order to receive the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States is unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted to such person will instead be transferred to a sales agent  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to such person within five days of the Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Acceptance Period  or within five days of the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during any Post-Closing Acceptance Period.Additional information is included in section 16.1 (United States of America) of the Offering Circular.Forward looking statementsCertain statements in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on DSM-Firmenich's current beliefs and projections and on information currently available to DSM-Firmenich. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond DSM-Firmenich's control and all of which are based on its current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""seek""  ""would""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""assume""  ""predict""  ""anticipate""  ""annualised""  ""goal""  ""target""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""hope""  ""objective""  ""position""  ""project""  ""risk"" or ""aim"" or the highlights or negatives thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology  or by discussions of DSM-Firmenich's strategy  short-term and mid-term objectives and future plans that involve risks and uncertainties.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by applicable law  DSM-Firmenich does not undertake and it expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  assumptions  expectations  estimates and projections of the Directors in office at the time of this press release and DSM-Firmenich's management  public statements made by it  present and future business strategies and the environment in which DSM-Firmenich will operate in the future. By their nature  they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause DSM-Firmenich's actual results and future events to differ materially from those implied or expressed by forward-looking statements. The DSM Shareholders and other prospective investors are advised to read section 2 (Risk Factors) of the Offering Circular for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the DSM-Firmenich's future performance and the industry in which DSM-Firmenich operates. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should any of the assumptions underlying the above or other factors prove to be incorrect  DSM-Firmenich's actual results of operations or future financial condition could differ materially from those described herein as currently anticipated  believed  estimated or expected. In light of the risks  uncertainties and assumptions underlying the above factors  the forward-looking events described in the Offering Circular may not occur or be realised. Additional risks not known to DSM-Firmenich or that DSM-Firmenich does not currently consider material could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in the Offering Circular not to occur.For more information  please contact:DSM-Firmenich investor relations enquiries:Email: dsm-firmenich.investors@dsm.comDSM-Firmenich media enquiries:Email: dsm-firmenich.media@dsm.comTransaction websitePlease visit www.dsm-firmenich.com for additional materials on the transactions contemplated by the merger of equals between DSM and Firmenich.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1829134/DSM_Firmenich_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-firmenich-first-day-of-trading-on-euronext-amsterdam-301799960.html",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.19,0.27,True,English,"['DSM-FIRMENICH FIRST DAY', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'TRADING', 'South Korean food conglomerate', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'largest creation communities', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'previous executive roles', 'Nestlé R&D', 'organisation change management', 'various advisory committees', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'long-term shareholder value', 'VisVires New Protein', 'venture capital fund', 'Post-Closing Acceptance Period', 'leading innovation partner', ""25 years' industry experience"", 'DSM Ordinary Shares', 'Firmenich International SA', 'Dr. Sze Cotte-Tan', 'The Exchange Offer', 'DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares', 'remaining DSM Shareholders', 'DSM shares', 'share capital', 'new opportunities', 'DSM-Firmenich shares', 'food scientist', 'Offer Circular', 'SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETE', 'press release', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'first trading', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Geraldine Matchett', 'momentous day', 'final step', 'overwhelming support', 'ISIN code', 'other) implications', 'Additional information', 'The Transactions', 'Singaporean national', 'independent director', 'twelfth member', 'Asia Pacific', 'CJ CheilJedang', 'Centre Head', 'Adjunct Professor', 'Food Science', 'Firmenich Contribution', 'Post-Offer Merger', 'Singapore Institute', 'Singapore Manufacturing', 'DSM-Firmenich AG', 'DSM-Firmenich Co-CEOs', 'Offering Circular', 'early May', 'same terms', 'process mastership', 'sensory science', 'FIRMENICH MERGER', 'Statutory buy-out', 'experienced board', 'Directors appointment', '8 May', 'EQUALS', 'connection', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'jurisdiction', 'making', 'compliance', 'securities', 'regulations', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'relation', 'KAISERAUGST', 'Switzerland', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'listing', 'customers', 'excitement', 'nutrition', 'health', 'beauty', 'symbol', 'DSFIR', 'Story', 'opportunity', 'conditions', '17:40 CEST', 'tax', 'continued', 'shareholding', 'parallel', 'business', 'section', 'Liquidation', 'procedures', 'Dividend', 'June', 'total', 'Europe', 'areas', 'sustainability', 'EVP', 'MD', 'training', 'wealth', 'knowledge', 'product', 'consumer', 'Technology', 'VVNP', 'Trade', 'Connectivity', 'Agency', 'Research', 'STAR', 'PhD', 'University', 'Leeds', 'UK', 'MBA']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
23139,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-04/58834269-charwood-energy-annual-results-2022-015.htm,Charwood Energy: Annual Results 2022,CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for,"DJ Annual Results 2022Charwood Energy Annual Results 2022 17-Apr-2023 / 18:00 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Press release Saint-Nolff  17 April 2023 Annual Results 2022: . 2022 results reflecting the investments necessary to support future growth . Stronger financial structure with the IPO on Euronext Growth^® Paris . 2027 targets confirmed Charwood Energy (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE)  a French specialist in customised biomass energy solutions  announces its 2022 full-year results. The annual financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 14 April 2023. These financial statements were audited  and the associated certification reports are currently being prepared. The annual financial report will be available on the company's website by April 30 at the latest.(In thousands of euros) 2022 2021 Revenue 4 862 4 561 Other operating income 569 188 Purchases of raw materials (2 552) (1 787) External expenses (1 650) (910) Personnel expenses (1 518) (989) EBITDA[1] (317) 1 039 Depreciation  amortisation  and provisions (220) (159) Operating income/(loss) (537) 880 Net financial income (227) (60) Non-recurring items (1) (85) Income tax 1 055 (251) Consolidated net income 290 484 Net income (Group share) 319 560 Adrien Haller  Founder and CEO of Charwood Energy  says: ""2022 was a key year that enabled us to equip ourselves with the resources to build our future growth. The challenges of energy independence and the decarbonisation requirements that companies face are powerful catalysts that will support our markets in the coming years. With a successful IPO and the ongoing structuring of our teams  we have the means to seize the opportunities offered by the potential of these markets in France and internationally and to execute our roadmap to achieve our ambitions. "" Sustained sales momentum in 2022 In 2022  Charwood Energy enjoyed strong sales momentum with the roll-out of new projects on behalf of third parties  despite a delay in the implementation of certain biomass power plant projects  now set for 2023. Third party projects that characterised 2022 in particular are: . A first international pyrogasification project with the deployment in the Democratic Republic of Congo(DRC) of a cogeneration plant as part of the European FORETS development project; . The installation of a modular prefabricated boiler room integrating two biomass boilers to reducedependence on fossil gas in the Malterie de Bretagne; . The commissioning of a 4.7MW wood-based urban heating network for ENGIE Solutions; . The signing of a hygienisation unit  coupled with a biomass heater for a biogas production site usingmethanisation in Normandy  which will be delivered in 2023; . The signing of a biomass heating system  paired with a heating network  for a poultry farm in the Sartheregion  also delivered this year. In terms of activity for own account  the market plan was confirmed with  on 31 December 2022  5 plants under development  in line with the target announced at the time of the IPO  and the first revenues from the gradual commissioning of these plants expected in 2023. Overall  revenue amounted to EUR4.9m in 2022 vs. EUR4.6m in 2021. A strengthening of the operational structure To prepare for its future growth  Charwood Energy has structured its teams across all key functions  increasing its workforce from 25 people in 2021 to 40 people in 2022. As part of this structuring  the Group appointed a Chief Administrative and Financial Officer  Pierre-Yves Lefebvre  who has more than 30 years' experience in accounting and finance at French subsidiaries of international groups  innovative French companies with an international scope  especially in the renewable energy sector and including a number of listed companies on the stock exchange. In addition  Charwood Energy co-opted Marc-Etienne Mercadier  representative of the Eiffel Gaz Vert fund  a shareholder of the company  as a director. His 15 years of experience in financing the energy transition will be a valuable asset in the company's development. Finally  Charwood Energy invested in its production tool by expanding its manufacturing workshops in Saint-Nolff  Brittany  by 700 m²  and acquiring machine tools in order to facilitate the ramp-up of its projects. Results in line with investments necessary to support future growth In 2022  all expenses increased compared to 2021  reflecting  on the one hand  the structuring of human and operational resources  and on the other  the ramp-up of projects for own account and on behalf of third parties to be delivered in 2023 and beyond. In this context of intensifying its investment policy to prepare for its future growth  Charwood Energy posted a negative EBITDA of EUR(0.3m) vs. positive EBITDA of EUR1.0m in 2021. After recognition of financial income and the activation of a deferred tax asset amounting to EUR1.1m  Charwood Energy recorded net income  Group share of EUR0.3m. A stronger financial structure after the IPO As of 31 December 2022  the financial structure after integration of the proceeds of the initial public offering carried out in July showed: . Shareholders' equity up EUR10.6m (vs. EUR0.89m at 31 December 2021); . Financial debt dropped to EUR1.6m vs. EUR2.0m at 31 December 2021; . Gross cash of EUR6.4m vs. EUR1.5m at 31 December 2021. During its IPO on Euronext Growth®  Charwood Energy carried out a capital increase for a total gross amount of EUR12.4m  of which EUR8.5m subscribed for by Eiffel Gaz Vert by offsetting receivables and EUR3.9m in cash. Medium-term targets confirmed Charwood Energy's activity benefits from favourable structural and economic factors  which are powerful accelerators of its development in France and on international markets. In this promising environment  Charwood Energy is confidently reaffirming its medium-term targets  i.e. by 2027  revenue of EUR100m  and 50 power plants owned  in operation or under construction  representing an ARR[2] of around EUR90m. Next publication: Half 2023 revenue on 11 September 2023  after market. About Charwood Energy Convinced that biomass is a key response to the challenges of the energy transition  Charwood Energy designs  installs and maintains tailored solutions for the production of biomass renewable energy. Charwood Energy has a wealth of technical know-how and expertise in all biomass recovery technologies - heating and heating networks  methanisation and pyrogasification. Positioned since 2019 in the promising area of pyrogasification technology  Charwood Energy is now also involved in the development and operation of proprietary pyrogasification units aiming to produce and sell green gas (syngaz)  biochar and carbon credits to industrial customers under direct purchasing contracts. The company is listed on Euronext Growth® Paris (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance. For more information  visit https://charwood.energy/investisseurs/ Contacts CHARWOOD ENERGY ACTIFIN ACTIFIN investisseur@charwood.energy Investor Relations Press Relations +33 (0)2 97 26 46 30 Ghislaine Gasparetto Michael Scholze charwood@actifin.fr michael.scholze@actifin.fr +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22 +33 (0)1 56 88 11 14---------------------------------------[1] EBITDA (""Earning Before Interest  Tax  Depreciation & Amortization"") is operating income before depreciation  amortization and provisions (which are non-cash expenses). [2] ARR: Annual Recurring Revenue  or sales generated by plants once in operation  on an annualised basis.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Regulatory filing PDF file File: Annual Results 2022=---------------------------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: Charwood Energy 1 Rue Benjamin Franklin - P.A. de Kerboulard 56250 Saint-Nolff France Phone: 0297264630 E-mail: contact@energy.bzh ISIN: FR001400AJ60 Euronext Ticker: ALCWE AMF Category: Inside information / News release on accounts  results EQS News ID: 1609561 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1609561 17-Apr-2023 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1609561&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresApril 17  2023 12:00 ET (16:00 GMT)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Charwood Energy', 'Annual Results', '4.7MW wood-based urban heating network', 'modular prefabricated boiler room', 'Eiffel Gaz Vert fund', 'European FORETS development project', 'first international pyrogasification project', 'biomass power plant projects', 'Charwood Energy Annual Results', 'biomass heating system', 'associated certification reports', 'two biomass boilers', 'Malterie de Bretagne', 'annual financial report', 'French Regulatory News', 'biogas production site', 'renewable energy sector', 'DJ Annual Results', 'Euronext Growth^® Paris', 'Consolidated net income', 'Stronger financial structure', 'annual financial statements', 'strong sales momentum', 'deferred tax asset', 'Other operating income', 'biomass energy solutions', 'Net financial income', 'Third party projects', 'innovative French companies', 'cogeneration plant', 'biomass heater', 'first revenues', 'Income tax', 'international groups', 'international scope', 'Financial Officer', 'French specialist', 'ENGIE Solutions', 'operational structure', 'French subsidiaries', 'valuable asset', 'production tool', 'energy independence', 'third parties', 'energy transition', 'new projects', 'future growth', '2022 full-year results', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Press release', 'raw materials', 'Non-recurring items', 'Adrien Haller', 'key year', 'decarbonisation requirements', 'powerful catalysts', 'ongoing structuring', 'Democratic Republic', 'fossil gas', 'hygienisation unit', 'poultry farm', 'market plan', 'key functions', 'Chief Administrative', 'Pierre-Yves Lefebvre', 'stock exchange', 'Marc-Etienne Mercadier', 'manufacturing workshops', 'machine tools', 'one hand', 'investment policy', 'negative EBITDA', 'positive EBITDA', 'EQS Group', 'External expenses', 'Personnel expenses', 'Group share', 'coming years', 'gradual commissioning', 'operational resources', 'successful IPO', ""30 years' experience"", '2022 results', '15 years', '18:00 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Saint-Nolff', '17 April', 'investments', '2027 targets', 'ticker', 'ALCWE', 'Board', 'Directors', '14 April', 'company', 'website', 'thousands', 'euros', 'Purchases', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'provisions', 'loss', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'challenges', 'markets', 'teams', 'means', 'opportunities', 'potential', 'France', 'roadmap', 'ambitions', 'roll-out', 'behalf', 'delay', 'implementation', 'deployment', 'Congo', 'DRC', 'installation', 'signing', 'Normandy', 'Sartheregion', 'terms', 'activity', 'account', '31 December', '5 plants', 'line', 'time', 'strengthening', 'workforce', '25 people', '40 people', 'finance', 'number', 'addition', 'representative', 'shareholder', 'Brittany', '700 m', 'order', 'ramp-up', 'human', 'context', 'recognition', 'activation', '2023']",2023-04-05,2023-04-18,finanznachrichten.de
23140,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1313/carbios-accelerates-its-enzyme-optimization-screening-capabilities-millions-enzymes-day-202304170056581,Carbios Accelerates Its Enzyme Optimization With Screening Capabilities for Millions of Enzymes in a Day,Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB) (Paris:ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastics and textiles  has accelerated its enzyme screening process with a microfluidic technology developed in partnership with the Paul Pascal Research Centre (a joint research unit of the CNRS and the University of Bordeaux ,"Regulatory News:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230417005658/en/Microfluidics accelerates enzymatic screening process (Photo: Carbios)Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB) (Paris:ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastics and textiles  has accelerated its enzyme screening process with a microfluidic technology developed in partnership with the Paul Pascal Research Centre (a joint research unit of the CNRS and the University of Bordeaux  which specializes in microfluidics). This cutting-edge technology enables the screening of millions of enzymes in just one day  speeding up the process to optimize enzymes breaking down PET. This competitive advantage enables Carbios to reduce the time between the R&D phase and the production of its proprietary enzymes  and therefore to develop concrete solutions to plastic pollution even faster.""Since having applied microfluidics to our screening process more than a year ago  we have analyzed millions of enzymes  which would have taken years beforehand "" explains Prof. Alain Marty  Chief Scientific Officer at Carbios. ""This technology gives access to a large variety of enzymes in record time. Microfluidics has enabled us to optimize the enzyme presented in 2020 in the journal Nature  and it is this optimized enzyme that will be used in our first industrial reference unit in 2025.""""Microfluidics is already widely used in medical diagnostics to analyze biological samples. When Carbios approached us to use it for new industrial applications  this was a first "" said Jean-Christophe Baret  Professor at the University of Bordeaux and team leader at the Paul Pascal Research Center hosted by the CNRS. ""We are very pleased to develop new methods using the power of microfluidics for an environmental cause such as the reduction of plastic pollution.""Microfluidics: the science of dropletsMicrofluidics allows the production of devices handling very small amounts of liquid. Each droplet generated can be considered as an independent microreactor having a volume in the picoliter range (10-12 liters) and containing a particular enzyme whose PET depolymerization activity will be screened. These droplets move through analysis units the size of a microchip allowing ultra-high throughput screening of 150 enzymes per second.Previously  conventional robotic systems allowed screening in microplate format with a volume in the milliliter range (10-3 liters) and with rates of around one enzyme per minute.The use of microfluidics to screen for more efficient or new enzymes will become widely adopted in the coming years  therefore accelerating the development of bioprocessing. Currently used by Carbios for the development of its PET depolymerization process  microfluidics should be used to accelerate the development of new enzymes for other types of plastic such as polyamide.Carbios researchers specialized in microfluidicsMicrofluidic processes require special expertise. At present  two researchers at Carbios are dedicated to microfluidics and based in the cooperative laboratory with TBI3 hosted by INSA4 Toulouse. Alexandra Tauzin  Researcher in Enzyme Engineering and Microfluidics  and Alexandre Gilles  Engineer specialized in robotics  work in partnership with the Paul Pascal Research Center.About CarbiosEstablished in 2011 by Truffle Capital  Carbios is a green chemistry company  developing biological and innovative processes. Through its unique approach of combining enzymes and plastics  Carbios aims to address new consumer expectations and the challenges of a broad ecological transition by taking up a major challenge of our time: plastic and textile pollution. Carbios deconstructs any type of PET (the dominant polymer in bottles  trays  textiles made of polyester) into its basic components which can then be reused to produce new PET plastics with equivalent quality to virgin ones. This PET innovation  the first of its kind in the world  was recognized in April 2020 in a scientific paper published on the front cover of the prestigious journal Nature. Carbios successfully started up its demonstration plant in Clermont-Ferrand in 2021. It has now taken another key step towards the industrialization of its process with the construction of a first-of-a-kind unit in partnership with Indorama Ventures.In 2017  Carbios and L’Oréal co-founded a consortium to contribute to the industrialization of its proprietary recycling technology. Committed to developing innovative solutions for sustainable development  Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe joined this consortium in April 2019. In 2022  Carbios signed an agreement with On  Patagonia  PUMA  and Salomon  to develop solutions promoting the recyclability and circularity of their products. PVH Corp. joined this consortium in January 2023.The Company has also developed an enzymatic biodegradation technology for PLA-based (a bio sourced polymer) single-use plastics. This technology can create a new generation of plastics that are 100% compostable at ambient temperature  integrating enzymes at the heart of the plastic product.For more information  please visit www.carbios.com/en / Twitter: Carbios LinkedIn: Carbios Instagram: insidecarbiosCarbios (ISIN FR0011648716/ALCRB) is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.Translation is for information purposes only.In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the French version shall prevail1 Centre de Recherche Paul Pascal (CRPP)2 Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) = National Center for Scientific Research3 Toulouse Biotechnology Institute4 National Institute of Applied SciencesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230417005658/en/CARBIOSMelissa FlauraudPress Relationsmelissa.flauraud@carbios.comBenjamin AudebertInvestor Relationscontact@carbios.com+33 (0)4 73 86 51 76Press Relations (Europe)IconicMarie-Virginie Kleinmvk@iconic-conseil.com+33 (0)1 44 14 99 96Press Relations (U.S.)Rooney PartnersKate L. Barrettekbarrette@rooneyco.com+1 212 223 0561Press Relations (DACH)MC ServicesAnne Henneckecarbios@mc-services.eu+49 (0)211 529 252 22© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Enzyme Optimization', 'Screening Capabilities', 'Carbios', 'Millions', 'Enzymes', 'Day', 'Paul Pascal Research Centre', 'Paul Pascal Research Center', 'first industrial reference unit', 'joint research unit', 'R&D phase', 'Prof. Alain Marty', 'new industrial applications', 'conventional robotic systems', 'broad ecological transition', 'L’Oréal', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'green chemistry company', 'new consumer expectations', 'enzymatic biodegradation technology', 'PET depolymerization activity', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'ultra-high throughput screening', 'proprietary recycling technology', 'PET depolymerization process', 'enzymatic screening process', 'new PET plastics', 'new methods', 'scientific paper', 'kind unit', 'The Company', 'microfluidic technology', 'cutting-edge technology', 'PET innovation', 'Regulatory News', 'press release', 'full release', 'life cycle', 'one day', 'competitive advantage', 'large variety', 'medical diagnostics', 'Jean-Christophe Baret', 'team leader', 'environmental cause', 'small amounts', 'independent microreactor', 'picoliter range', 'analysis units', 'microplate format', 'milliliter range', 'other types', 'Microfluidic processes', 'special expertise', 'two researchers', 'cooperative laboratory', 'INSA4 Toulouse', 'Alexandra Tauzin', 'Alexandre Gilles', 'Truffle Capital', 'innovative processes', 'unique approach', 'major challenge', 'textile pollution', 'dominant polymer', 'basic components', 'equivalent quality', 'front cover', 'demonstration plant', 'key step', 'Indorama Ventures', 'Nestlé Waters', 'Suntory Beverage', 'Food Europe', 'PVH Corp.', 'bio sourced', 'proprietary enzymes', 'new enzymes', 'particular enzyme', 'one enzyme', 'Enzyme Engineering', 'biological technologies', 'concrete solutions', 'biological samples', 'innovative solutions', 'plastic pollution', 'coming years', 'prestigious journal', 'record time', 'sustainable development', 'Carbios researchers', '150 enzymes', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Microfluidics', 'Photo', 'ALCRB', 'pioneer', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'partnership', 'CNRS', 'University', 'Bordeaux', 'millions', 'production', 'access', 'Nature', 'Professor', 'power', 'reduction', 'science', 'droplets', 'devices', 'liquid', 'volume', 'size', 'microchip', 'second', 'rates', 'minute', 'efficient', 'bioprocessing', 'polyamide', 'TBI3', 'robotics', 'challenges', 'bottles', 'trays', 'polyester', 'virgin', 'world', 'April', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'construction', 'consortium', 'PepsiCo', 'agreement', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'recyclability', 'circularity', 'products', 'January', 'PLA-based']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,afp.com
23141,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,REDITUS SGPS And CNOVA On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/c3GCx6iijJ(VIA… https://t.co/N1MXs48qFL,nan,REDITUS SGPS And CNOVA On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/c3GCx6iijJ(VIA… https://t.co/N1MXs48qFL,neutral,0.06,0.88,0.06,neutral,0.06,0.88,0.06,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'REDITUS', 'SGPS', 'CNOVA', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'VIA', 'N1MXs48qFL', 'Euronext Session', 'REDITUS', 'SGPS', 'CNOVA', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'VIA', 'N1MXs48qFL']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23142,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Handful1111 @MarinaMedvin Actually  it looks like they access the issue directly via Euronext (vs the ADR “BUD”).… https://t.co/9p6dboJQoR,nan,@Handful1111 @MarinaMedvin Actually  it looks like they access the issue directly via Euronext (vs the ADR “BUD”).… https://t.co/9p6dboJQoR,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['MarinaMedvin', 'issue', 'Euronext', 'BUD', 'MarinaMedvin', 'issue', 'Euronext', 'BUD']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23143,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are going public on the Paris Stock market next April 20  trading in @euronext  Access Paris under the ticker ML… https://t.co/l2ThN0sind,nan,We are going public on the Paris Stock market next April 20  trading in @euronext  Access Paris under the ticker ML… https://t.co/l2ThN0sind,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Paris Stock market', 'ticker', 'ML', 'Paris Stock market', 'ticker', 'ML']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23144,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,For April 6 –13 the Euronext rapeseed #price fell under pressure from good #harvest prospects for almost all major… https://t.co/lVk96ZPPRl,nan,For April 6 –13 the Euronext rapeseed #price fell under pressure from good #harvest prospects for almost all major… https://t.co/lVk96ZPPRl,negative,0.17,0.05,0.79,negative,0.17,0.05,0.79,True,English,"['good #harvest prospects', 'April', 'Euronext', 'pressure', 'major', 'good #harvest prospects', 'April', 'Euronext', 'pressure', 'major']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23145,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@SuiNetwork Why can't the Euronext send out the mail until the 22nd? Do I have reason to suspect that the project s… https://t.co/VH6rPJhE6R,nan,@SuiNetwork Why can't the Euronext send out the mail until the 22nd? Do I have reason to suspect that the project s… https://t.co/VH6rPJhE6R,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['SuiNetwork', 'Euronext', 'mail', '22nd', 'reason', 'project', 'VH6rPJhE6R', 'SuiNetwork', 'Euronext', 'mail', '22nd', 'reason', 'project', 'VH6rPJhE6R']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
23146,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 Index Went Up By Over 6% In The Last 21 Sessionshttps://t.co/u0j10VMAJm(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Inde… https://t.co/RZinnoMoVI,nan,Euronext 100 Index Went Up By Over 6% In The Last 21 Sessionshttps://t.co/u0j10VMAJm(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Inde… https://t.co/RZinnoMoVI,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 21 Sessions', 'The', 'VIANEWS', 'RZinnoMoVI', 'Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 21 Sessions', 'The', 'VIANEWS', 'RZinnoMoVI']",2023-04-18,2023-04-18,Unknown
