UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
33282,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://sputnikglobe.com/20231129/using-frozen-russian-assets-to-fund-ukraine-threatens-euros-reputation---ecb-1115278704.html,Using Frozen Russian Assets to Fund Ukraine Threatens Euro's Reputation - ECB,MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The possible use of frozen Russian assets to finance Ukraine by Europe could dent the euro's reputation as a safe currency  Vice-President of the European Central Bank (ECB) Luis de Guindos has said.,"https://sputnikglobe.com/20231129/using-frozen-russian-assets-to-fund-ukraine-threatens-euros-reputation---ecb-1115278704.htmlUsing Frozen Russian Assets to Fund Ukraine Threatens Euro's Reputation - ECBUsing Frozen Russian Assets to Fund Ukraine Threatens Euro's Reputation - ECBThe possible use of frozen Russian assets to finance Ukraine's reconstruction by Europe could dent the euro's reputation as a safe currency  Vice-President of the European Central Bank (ECB) Luis de Guindos has said.2023-11-29T11:09+00002023-11-29T11:09+00002023-11-29T11:09+0000worldukrainerussiathe european central bank (ecb)assets/html/head/meta[@name='og:title']/@content /html/head/meta[@name='og:description']/@contenthttps://cdn1.img.sputnikglobe.com/img/102777/93/1027779359_0:182:3500:2151_1920x0_80_0_0_d7448f32da8bcc94e0866e96ba7f9518.jpg""Our position on utilising the dividends and interest from the frozen assets is clear. First: this should be a global decision  ideally involving all members of the G7. In addition  we have to be careful because this could lead to reputational damage. We have to look beyond this conflict in isolation  and there could be implications for the euro as a safe currency "" de Guindos said in an interview with De Standaard and La Libre Belgique published on Wednesday. The ECB should consider the long-term reputation of the euro since it is ""the second most important"" currency in the world  the ECB vice-president added. After the beginning of Russia's military operation in Ukraine on February 24  2022  Western countries imposed comprehensive sanctions against Moscow  including freezing Russian assets worth approximately 300 billion euros ($329 billion). Almost 200 billion euros of which are held in the European Union  mostly on accounts at Euroclear  a European central securities depository.https://sputnikglobe.com/20231028/eu-eyes-revenue-from-seized-russian-assets-for-ukraine-aid-1114532400.htmlukrainerussiaSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rosiya Segodnya“ 252 602023Sputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rosiya Segodnya“ 252 60Newsen_ENSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rosiya Segodnya“ 252 601920 1080 true1920 1440 true1920 1920 trueSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rosiya Segodnya“ 252 60Sputnik Internationalfund ukraine  frozen russian assets  european central bank",negative,0.02,0.4,0.58,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Assets', 'Fund', 'Ukraine', 'Euro', 'Reputation', 'ECB', 'European central securities depository', 'European Central Bank', 'Sputnik International fund ukraine', 'La Libre Belgique', 'Luis de Guindos', 'Frozen Russian Assets', 'world ukraine russia', 'European Union', 'De Standaard', 'possible use', 'safe currency', 'global decision', 'reputational damage', 'important"" currency', 'military operation', 'Western countries', 'comprehensive sanctions', '200 billion euros', 'Rosiya Segodnya', 'The ECB', 'long-term reputation', 'ECB vice-president', 'sputnikglobe', 'frozen-russian-assets', 'ukraine-threatens-euros', 'reconstruction', 'meta', 'description', 'cdn1.', 'img', 'position', 'dividends', 'interest', 'members', 'G7.', 'addition', 'conflict', 'isolation', 'implications', 'interview', 'Wednesday', 'second', 'beginning', 'February', 'Moscow', 'accounts', 'Euroclear', 'revenue', 'sputniknews', 'MIA']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,sputnikglobe.com
33283,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.ecb.europa.eu//press/inter/date/2023/html/ecb.in231129~843744ae90.en.html,Luis de Guindos: Interview with De Standaard and La Libre Belgique,The European Central Bank (ECB) is the central bank of the European Union countries which have adopted the euro. Our main task is to maintain price stability in the euro area and so preserve the purchasing power of the single currency.,Interview with Luis de Guindos  Vice-President of the ECB  conducted by Ruben Mooijman and Ariane van Caloen  on 23 November 2023Please note that the interview was conducted in English and translated into Dutch and French. In case of discrepancies between the versions  the English version prevails.What would you say to those who think that banks are making excessive profits?The ECB’s latest Financial Stability Review  which has just been published  indeed shows that bank profitability has risen sharply. This improvement can be attributed to the widening of interest rate margins. The return on equity of euro area banks now stands at around 10%  whereas in 2019  barely five years ago  it stood at 4%. So it has clearly improved.Still  this is something of an illusion − it is after all a short-term improvement. In the long term  we expect profitability to fall again. Why? There are several factors. First  the economy is slowing  which will lead to higher default rates and a decline in asset quality. Second  banks will have to pay more to attract deposits. On term accounts  for example  interest rates have already risen sharply. Likewise  the bonds that banks issue themselves will need to carry a higher return. So overall the cost of bank funding is on the rise. And finally  an often-overlooked factor is that demand for credit is falling. Putting all that together  you can see that high bank profitability is not sustainable. In fact  the financial markets are already convinced of this  as bank share valuations are in no way reflecting expectations of high profits.Are the banks sufficiently covered for interest rate risks. If not  could the regulator  the ECB  review its requirements?The interest rate risk of European banks can’t be compared to that run by some US banks such as Silicon Valley Bank with a different business model. The repricing of loans  in other words  raising interest rates in line with the market rate  has been much faster than the repricing of deposits in Europe. However  the interest rates on deposits will also increase at some point.So is interest rate risk adequately covered?Yes  but at the same time banks will be facing a loss of profitability as I said. I am talking about the average for the sector.There has been a lot of debate about interest rates on savings. Politicians are taking initiatives to get banks to raise interest rates. Is that a good idea?If the ECB raises interest rates  it is for borrowers and savers. Lending rates have risen and the remuneration of deposits is expected to follow suit. The remuneration on savings accounts should reflect our interest rates. That is part of our monetary policy transmission. Because if savings become more attractive  consumers will spend less  reducing demand. This is what we aim for to push down inflation. However  we now see banks are delaying passing on higher interest rates to savers. They can do that because they still benefit from abundant liquidity right now. But we are also taking measures to reduce excess liquidity  so that higher interest rates on savings accounts will become a reality – sooner or later.Do you see differences between member states in this respect?Yes  there are differences. In some countries  banks are quick to adjust interest rates on deposits  and in others  such as Spain  they are lagging behind. Euro area banking sectors also differ in the way mortgage loans are granted  whether it is at variable or fixed rates. Strengthening of profitability was particularly notable for banks in countries where variable-rate lending predominates and the pass-through of higher policy rates to deposits has been slower.And Belgium?I know the Spanish situation because it’s my own country  but we look at euro area averages and developments as a whole.Some economists criticise the system that allows banks to make money easily by depositing their excess liquidity with the ECB. This is resulting in generous profits at the moment because interest rates are rising. What’s your take on this?The ECB has raised its interest rates with a view to these increases being passed on to all remuneration categories in bank balance sheets. The level of liquidity in the market was extremely high and had to be reduced. This reduction is under way now and will go hand-in-hand with a decline in these types of revenues for banks.You have also changed the remuneration of the minimum reserve requirement for banks. Some bankers believe that this should be raised to ensure a stronger capital base. Do you think that’s a good idea?We have indeed set the remuneration of banks’ minimum reserves to 0%. The levels of those reserves have so far not been changed or discussed. I know some central bank governors are in favour of increasing them. We have limited the remuneration on the minimum reserve requirement  which is equivalent to approximately 1% of banks’ liabilities. I understand that remuneration of reserves is important for some banks  but monetary policy shouldn’t be driven by the financial position of banks or the profits of the central banks. Our objective is to bring inflation back to our target.National central banks are going to have to report significant losses owing to the policy of quantitative easing  which led to huge purchases of sovereign bonds to inject liquidity into the market. Do these losses pose a problem?It’s true that central banks are currently reporting losses owing to the hike in interest rates  but if we look at a longer period of time  for instance over the last 10 years  the net outcome is positive in terms of central bank profits.What about the real estate market? People are complaining about the higher cost of loans. What would you say to them?What is happening is part of our monetary policy. The sharp rise in interest rates is starting to dampen real estate prices. This is more apparent in some countries than others  but a moderation in price trends can be seen everywhere. On average  house prices are stabilising. The decline in commercial property prices is much more pronounced.Does the situation pose a danger?It could affect banks  but fortunately they are less exposed to commercial real estate than they are to residential real estate. Commercial real estate is more often financed through other channels  such as mutual funds. But in the financial system there is a high degree of interconnectedness  so we look at the overall picture.Huge investments are needed to make homes and other buildings climate-proof. Are the higher interest rates delaying funding for investments aimed at combating climate change? Could that slow down the climate transition?It’s true that substantial investments are needed  but I think they should mainly be financed through subsidies and European funds like the Next Generation EU. This is a matter for fiscal policy. That doesn’t alter the fact that the ECB conducts monetary policy by increasing or decreasing rates without discriminating between sectors or borrowers.Monetary policy also affects the climate transition in other ways. Some investments are being jeopardised by higher financing costs. This has already resulted in plans for various wind farms being scrapped.The ECB pays close attention to climate policy  but for us it’s a secondary objective. It’s national governments that play the leading role in climate policy  through taxes and subsidies. We can contribute though – and we do. For example  we prioritise climate-friendly companies in our corporate bond portfolio. This is a small contribution  but it sends a clear signal in the fight against climate change.The ECB is preparing to introduce a digital euro. Why is that necessary?We currently have a physical euro in our wallets  whereas the world we live in is becoming increasingly digital. There is a very natural evolution taking place from a physical to a digital euro backed by the central bank. We see the digital euro as a means of payment. We would be able to use this form of public money to pay for our shopping  our bill in a restaurant or all sorts of purchases. Like banknotes  the digital euro will not have to be remunerated. There will be a limit on the amount of digital euro people can hold  to avoid endangering the stability of the banking system. This means that the digital euro won’t compete with current accounts. That is a very clear message we want to send to the banking sector. The digital euro will not be an investment product but a simple means of payment to complement banknotes.Won’t implementing the digital euro be very expensive for the ECB?This will be part of our calculations during the preparation phase over the next two years  a cost-benefit analysis will be conducted but  in my view  the benefits will outweigh the costs. It will offer another alternative means of payment to those living in the euro area. It will also enable us to take another step towards European strategic autonomy. And at the end of the preparation phase the decision will be taken by the European Commission  the European Council of the European Union and European Parliament.A number of countries  including Belgium and the Netherlands  are struggling with how inflation is measured. The way it’s measured means actual inflation is sometimes overestimated and sometimes underestimated. Isn't that a problem for the ECB  as it’s tasked with fighting inflation?Indeed  changes in the methodology of how energy prices are measured temporarily affects how the inflation rate is calculated. But that's a matter for Eurostat  not the ECB  and changes aim at improving the accuracy of inflation measurement going forward. Statistical changes to the compilation of the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) occur from time to time. A discussion on methodological changes also applies to whether we include house prices in the inflation rate or not. As you know  that was one of the conclusions of our monetary policy strategic review. We work and share information with Eurostat on that topic  with a view to enhancing the HICP. But not on the measurement of energy prices  which is a statistical choice to how the country’s price index is compiled.Europe is planning to use the profits from frozen Russian assets held by Euroclear to help rebuild Ukraine. The ECB is critical of this. Can you explain why?Let me first clarify that the ECB is in favour of helping and supporting Ukraine in any way possible. But our position on utilising the dividends and interest from the frozen assets is clear. First: this should be a global decision  ideally involving all members of the G7. In addition  we have to be careful because this could lead to reputational damage. We have to look beyond this conflict in isolation  and there could be implications for the euro as a safe currency. The euro is the second most important currency in the world  and we have to consider its long-term reputation. I think there are other ways to finance the reconstruction of Ukraine.In Belgium  the launch of the ethical bank NewB has proved very difficult. Are barriers to setting up new banks in the eurozone too high?Without entering into the details of any particular case  there are different procedures to be followed and criteria to be met  but there are no limitations beyond the legal and capital requirements imposed for the creation of a new retail bank.But there haven’t been very many new banks in the last few years...Because there are a lot of banks in the euro area! The real question to ask is about banks’ traditional business model. New sources of revenue need to be found  the number of branches has to be reduced. I suppose that investors are turning away from banks because the level of profitability doesn’t meet their expectations. I think there needs to be further cross-border consolidation.So are there too many banks?Given the cost structure of European banks  consolidation could help provide a solution. Above all else  I think cross-border consolidation in the euro area under a single supervisor and within the framework of a single monetary policy would be positive.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.22,0.27,0.5,True,English,"['La Libre Belgique', 'Luis de Guindos', 'De Standaard', 'Interview', 'Euro area banking sectors', 'latest Financial Stability Review', 'euro area averages', 'Luis de Guindos', 'Ariane van Caloen', 'different business model', 'minimum reserve requirement', 'stronger capital base', 'bank share valuations', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'bank balance sheets', 'central bank governors', 'interest rate margins', 'interest rate risks', 'monetary policy transmission', 'higher default rates', 'euro area banks', 'higher policy rates', 'higher interest rates', 'high bank profitability', 'banks’ minimum reserves', 'bank funding', 'financial markets', 'financial position', 'higher return', 'market rate', 'high profits', 'Lending rates', 'fixed rates', 'Ruben Mooijman', 'long term', 'several factors', 'asset quality', 'term accounts', 'other words', 'same time', 'good idea', 'member states', 'variable-rate lending', 'Spanish situation', 'excessive profits', 'abundant liquidity', 'excess liquidity', 'generous profits', 'English version', 'short-term improvement', 'savings accounts', 'mortgage loans', 'European banks', 'US banks', 'banks’ liabilities', 'The ECB', 'remuneration categories', 'Interview', 'Vice-President', '23 November', 'Dutch', 'French', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'versions', 'widening', 'equity', 'something', 'illusion', 'economy', 'decline', 'deposits', 'example', 'bonds', 'cost', 'rise', 'demand', 'credit', 'way', 'expectations', 'regulator', 'requirements', 'repricing', 'point', 'loss', 'lot', 'debate', 'Politicians', 'initiatives', 'borrowers', 'savers', 'suit', 'part', 'consumers', 'inflation', 'measures', 'reality', 'differences', 'respect', 'countries', 'others', 'Spain', 'Strengthening', 'pass', 'through', 'Belgium', 'country', 'developments', 'economists', 'system', 'money', 'moment', 'take', 'increases', 'level', 'reduction', 'hand', 'types', 'revenues', 'bankers', 'favour']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,ecb.europa.eu
33284,Euroclear,Bing API,https://news.yahoo.com/eu-aims-unveil-plan-tap-133700519.html,EU Aims to Unveil Plan to Tap Frozen Russian Assets Amid Doubts,(Bloomberg) -- The European Union is moving ahead with a proposal to tax profits from more than €200 billion ($218 billion) of frozen Russian central bank assets to aid Ukraine’s reconstruction despite concerns from several member nations. Most Read ...,(Bloomberg) -- The European Union is moving ahead with a proposal to tax profits from more than €200 billion ($218 billion) of frozen Russian central bank assets to aid Ukraine’s reconstruction despite concerns from several member nations.Most Read from BloombergThe European Commission tentatively plans to unveil its legislative proposed on Dec. 12 to impose a windfall tax on profits generated by the frozen assets. The draft plan would clarify that several issues raised by member states still need to be addressed and that the EU proposal won’t interfere with national taxes or other measures  according to a person familiar with the discussions.The issue has divided the 27-nation union  with Belgium  Germany  France  Italy and Luxembourg among those expressing caution about speeding up the process and calling for a more gradual approach. Instead  they told other EU ambassadors last week that the EU’s executive arm should begin with a more informal document to continue narrowing down different options on how to use the profits  because they considered it premature to put forward a legal proposal  said people familiar with the matter.The commission  however  said that EU leaders had told the bloc’s executive to accelerate its work on a proposal  the people added.A meeting between national experts and the commission on Dec. 6 will be a key moment to determine whether the differences have been narrowed down enough  the people said.The EU has been debating for months how swiftly to pursue the option to apply a windfall tax on the profits generated by the assets and tap the proceeds for Ukraine’s reconstruction. Estimates suggest that more than €200 billion of Russia’s sanctioned sovereign assets are in the EU  with the majority at the Belgium-based Euroclear clearinghouse. Smaller amounts are located in other EU nations.Sanctioned Russian assets frozen at Euroclear have generated nearly €3 billion in profits from the time they were frozen through the third quarter of this year  according to data published last month. That figure is expected to continue to rise.Belgium has said it will invest €1.7 billion next year to assist Ukraine by drawing on its own domestic tax revenue from the frozen Russian assets.European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen had originally promised an EU-level proposal by this summer  despite skepticism from many capitals and the European Central Bank. During a visit to Kyiv in October  she set a new end-of-year target.Adoption of the plan on Dec. 12 by the commission would allow EU leaders to consider it when they meet for a summit in Brussels later that week.--With assistance from Alberto Nardelli.Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2023 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.06,0.64,0.31,mixed,0.11,0.35,0.54,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Assets', 'EU Aims', 'Plan', 'Doubts', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Russian central bank assets', 'European Central Bank', 'Sanctioned Russian assets', 'domestic tax revenue', 'The European Union', 'several member nations', 'Belgium-based Euroclear clearinghouse', 'Bloomberg L.P.', 'other EU ambassadors', 'other EU nations', 'The European Commission', 'other measures', 'several issues', 'member states', '27-nation union', 'windfall tax', 'frozen assets', 'sovereign assets', 'national taxes', 'gradual approach', 'informal document', 'different options', 'national experts', 'key moment', 'Smaller amounts', 'third quarter', 'many capitals', 'new end', 'Alberto Nardelli', 'EU leaders', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'legal proposal', 'EU-level proposal', 'draft plan', 'executive arm', 'year target', 'EU proposal', 'profits', 'Ukraine', 'reconstruction', 'concerns', 'legislative', 'Dec.', 'person', 'discussions', 'Germany', 'France', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'caution', 'process', 'people', 'matter', 'bloc', 'work', 'meeting', 'differences', 'months', 'proceeds', 'Estimates', 'majority', 'time', 'data', 'figure', 'summer', 'skepticism', 'visit', 'Kyiv', 'October', 'Adoption', 'summit', 'Brussels', 'assistance']",2023-11-30,2023-11-30,news.yahoo.com
33285,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/64807c8a-f764-4620-a900-d22e83cb4920,Belarus debtholders dispute frozen $800mn bond at Euroclear,Euroclear is locked in a dispute with holders of Belarusian government debt who say the securities depository is barring them from selling a defaulted $800mn bond.,Cookies on FT SitesWe use cookies and other data for a number of reasons  such as keeping FT Sites reliable and secure  personalising content and ads  providing social media features and to analyse how our Sites are used.,neutral,0.02,0.52,0.46,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Belarus debtholders dispute', '$800mn bond', 'Euroclear', 'social media features', 'other data', 'personalising content', 'FT Sites', 'Cookies', 'number', 'reasons', 'ads']",2023-11-30,2023-11-30,ft.com
33286,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/specialistfeatures/specialistfeature.php?specialist_id=518&navigationaction=features&newssection=features,Asset Servicing Times feature article,Euroclear’s Vincent Clause talks to Jenna Lomax about the company’s new service for private market funds and what it is planning for 2024 A global provider of financial market infrastructure services  Euroclear settles domestic and cross-border ...,Expanding servicesEuroclear’s Vincent Clause talks to Jenna Lomax about the company’s new service for private market funds and what it is planning for 2024A global provider of financial market infrastructure services  Euroclear settles domestic and cross-border securities transactions. Now celebrating 55 years in operation  Euroclear boasts €37.6 trillion assets held in custody for its clients and 1.7 million securities held on its books. In July 2023  the company completed its acquisition of UK-based fintech Goji. The move assisted the build of Euroclear’s new service for private market funds. The new service utilises Goji’s technology to cover the entire investment lifecycle  from initial commitments and capital calls to asset servicing and distribution. The private market service is integrated into FundSettle  Euroclear’s automated order routing service.As Vincent Clause  global head of funds strategy and business development at Euroclear  explains  the initiative is an essential cog to help the company expand its suite of funds services.“We are very well connected to custody and wealth managers and have global asset managers already promoting mutual funds onto our platform  so this new solution acts as an extension of our services ” Clause affirms. “It is the answer to our clients’ needs.”Identifying clients’ needs is something Clause has a lot of experience with. He has served at Euroclear since 2005  starting his tenure there as a quantitative analyst. Since then he has been global head of pricing and market research  where  from 2015 to 2018  he was responsible for business performance and financial forecasts. He also served as director of corporate strategy and partnership from 2018 to 2020.From these roles  Clause knows all too well that “data demands that we offer existing services of mutual funds to the private funds  particularly when it comes to customers as distributors.”Asset servicingOutlining why data holds the key  Clause explains that the new service for private market funds is an “extension of its custody services  as well as the distribution and data sharing that it already offers across all asset classes.” He affirms: “We want to extend that to private funds.”When asked how investors will benefit from the digital solution  and how it will aid asset servicing and distribution capabilities in particular  Clause states that it is important to remember that a lack of standardised automation across the industry remains a hurdle.He says: “When you take the current status of private funds  as opposed to the other asset classes  they are still highly manual and not automated. The essence of our initiative is automation and digitisation.“Our paramount angle is to address operational improvements through digitalisation. What we really want to bring is digitisation for the entire investment cycle within a private fund — from the initial commitment to the management of the capital call and the investor onboarding. We are introducing a free digital solution that will ultimately enable scalability in the process. This will reduce the time it takes to access private funds.”Utilising Goji’s capabilitiesExplaining Goji’s role in increasing Euroclear’s scalability  Clause asserts. “The company has been instrumental in the development of our services. We have entered this market very fast; Goji has been key to accelerating the successful delivery of our services.”The company’s decision to acquire the business has proved a successful one  as Clause explains. Barely four months after the acquisition  “the work is already underway.”“On a white label basis  we can combine Goji’s technical capabilities with Euroclear’s fund platform ” he affirms. “We’ve already launched the first stage of our project  but we know there is much more to do  and that’s precisely where Goji fits into the picture. It is a central part of our strategy in the private markets space.”What the future holds“Asset managers like platforms such as Euroclear because of our stability and our network. We are connected to more than 2000 distributors worldwide ” says Clause  when asked to outline the reasons for Euroclear’s international success.“We are connected to all the major financial institutions across the world  and we look after more than 35 trillion of assets ” he continues. “If an international investor wants to be exposed to an international range of investors  Euroclear is the place to be. In terms of our reach  we have a high exposure throughout Europe. We have a presence in Asia and we are rapidly expanding into Latin America. It’s all about utilising the distributor network of Euroclear throughout these three key continents.”When asked what the future holds  Clause shares: “Next year  we want to expand our distribution capabilities. By entering into distribution agreements with Euroclear  asset managers can tap into our extensive network and investors can access a wider range of investment strategies.“At the moment  the aggregation of orders is often conducted on a one-to-one basis which then sets the bar quite high for minimum investment in private market funds. Therefore  we want to further expand our aggregation capabilities to allow banks to reduce the barriers to entry to private funds  by pooling subscriptions from multiple investors.”He adds: “Although  today asset managers and distributors can already connect to each other  technically and operationally  we want to create what we refer to as a ‘digital marketplace’  whereby asset managers will be able to exchange information about the funds that they create in a more transparent way.On the one hand  this approach empowers asset managers to effectively promote their capital-raising initiatives. On the other  it ensures that all investors are promptly informed about promising investment opportunities relating to private market funds.Clause concludes: “Euroclear has a key strategic ambition in the global funds space. We have invested  and we will continue to invest  because there is a market demand for our new platform and the features that we are currently building.“We’re actively pushing the boundaries and growing in this market — you’ll be hearing more from us in this space.”,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.32,0.13,True,English,"['Asset Servicing Times feature article', 'automated order routing service', 'financial market infrastructure services', 'white label basis', 'major financial institutions', 'entire investment lifecycle', 'entire investment cycle', 'cross-border securities transactions', 'private markets space', 'three key continents', 'free digital solution', 'other asset classes', 'private market service', 'private market funds', 'UK-based fintech Goji', 'global asset managers', 'financial forecasts', 'private funds', 'market research', 'investment strategies', 'new service', '1.7 million securities', 'new solution', 'mutual funds', 'global provider', 'asset servicing', 'global head', 'wealth managers', 'funds services', 'Jenna Lomax', 'initial commitments', 'capital calls', 'essential cog', 'quantitative analyst', 'current status', 'paramount angle', 'operational improvements', 'first stage', 'central part', 'international success', 'international range', 'high exposure', 'Latin America', 'wider range', 'funds strategy', 'Expanding services', 'existing services', 'technical capabilities', 'clients’ needs', 'business performance', 'corporate strategy', 'distributor network', 'extensive network', 'distribution agreements', 'standardised automation', 'successful delivery', 'fund platform', 'international investor', 'distribution capabilities', 'data sharing', 'custody services', 'Vincent Clause', 'business development', '€37.6 trillion assets', '35 trillion', 'Euroclear', 'company', 'domestic', '55 years', 'books', 'July', 'acquisition', 'move', 'build', 'technology', 'FundSettle', 'initiative', 'suite', 'extension', 'answer', 'lot', 'experience', 'tenure', 'pricing', 'director', 'partnership', 'roles', 'customers', 'distributors', 'investors', 'lack', 'industry', 'hurdle', 'essence', 'digitisation', 'digitalisation', 'management', 'scalability', 'process', 'time', 'decision', 'project', 'picture', 'future', 'platforms', 'stability', 'reasons', 'world', 'place', 'terms', 'reach', 'Europe', 'presence', 'Asia', 'moment', 'aggregation', 'orders', 'one', '2024']",2023-11-15,2023-11-30,assetservicingtimes.com
33287,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/adhoc/EQS-Adhoc-HAEMATO-AG-Termination-of-listing-the-Open-Market-n16356172.html,EQS-Adhoc: HAEMATO AG: Termination of listing in the Open Market,14:13 EQS-Adhoc: CANCOM SE: . 14:13 EQS-Adhoc: CANCOM SE: . 14:00 EQS-Adhoc: LTG AG: Der . 10:29 EQS-Adhoc: Deutsche Lufth. 10:29 EQS-Adhoc: Deutsche Lufth. 07:23 EQS ...,"EQS-Ad-hoc: Haemato AG / Key word(s): DelistingHAEMATO AG: Termination of listing in the Open Market30-Nov-2023 / 14:14 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin  November 30  2023: The Management Board of HAEMATO AG (""Company""; ISIN: DE000A289VV1/ Open Market / Basic Board) has decided today  November 30  2023  with the approval of the Supervisory Board  to terminate the inclusion of the Company's shares in the Open Market (Basic Board) on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange pursuant to Section 30 of the General Terms and Conditions of Deutsche Börse AG for the Open Market on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (so-called delisting). The Management Board of the company will therefore send a corresponding letter of termination to Deutsche Börse AG today  November 30  2023.Upon expiry of the notice period  which is three months and thus ends at the end of February 2024 at the latest  trading of the company's shares on the Open Market (Basic Board) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange will be discontinued. Until the end of the three-month period  the company's shareholders will continue to have the opportunity to trade their shares on the Regulated Unofficial Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The company's shares will no longer be traded on another stock exchange at the company's instigation after their inclusion in the open market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange has ended.About HAEMATO:HAEMATO AG was founded in 1993 and is a pharmaceutical company with a focus on the trading of high-priced specialty pharmaceutical drugs (with a therapeutic emphasis on oncology  HIV  rheumatology and other chronic diseases) as well as the development and distribution of medical products and own brands  particularly in the area of ""Lifestyle & Aesthetics"". Further information can be found at https://haemato.de.Contact:HAEMATO AG  Investor RelationsTelefon: +49 (0)30 897 30 86 70ir@haemato.agEnd of Inside Information30-Nov-2023 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,negative,0.01,0.41,0.57,True,English,"['HAEMATO AG', 'Open Market', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'Termination', 'listing', 'high-priced specialty pharmaceutical drugs', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'other chronic diseases', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'The Management Board', 'Regulated Unofficial Market', 'Basic Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Open Market', 'pharmaceutical company', 'Haemato AG', 'Key word', 'inside information', 'General Terms', 'corresponding letter', 'notice period', 'three months', 'three-month period', 'therapeutic emphasis', 'medical products', 'Further information', 'Investor Relations', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Financial/Corporate News', 'Press Releases', 'Delisting', 'Termination', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'issuer', 'content', 'Berlin', 'ISIN', 'DE000A289VV', 'approval', 'inclusion', 'shares', 'Section', 'Conditions', 'expiry', 'end', 'February', 'trading', 'shareholders', 'opportunity', 'instigation', 'focus', 'oncology', 'HIV', 'rheumatology', 'development', 'brands', 'area', 'Lifestyle', 'Aesthetics', 'Contact', 'Telefon', 'CET', '30']",2023-11-30,2023-11-30,stock-world.de
33288,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/EQS-News-Vossloh-expands-cooperation-with-Deutsche-Bahn-n16354841.html,EQS-News: Vossloh expands cooperation with Deutsche Bahn,Vossloh expands cooperation with Deutsche Bahn. Four-year framework agreement signed for at least 600 switches in the Customized Modules division; High demand from Deutsche Bahn a,"EQS-News: Vossloh Aktiengesellschaft / Key word(s): MiscellaneousVossloh expands cooperation with Deutsche Bahn30.11.2023 / 09:58 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Vossloh expands cooperation with Deutsche BahnFour-year framework agreement signed for at least 600 switches in the Customized Modules divisionHigh demand from Deutsche Bahn also boosts the Lifecycle Solutions and Core Components divisionsInnovation day with Deutsche Bahn strengthens the successful relationship between the two companiesWerdohl  November 30  2023. Vossloh  a leading global supplier of rail infrastructure products and services  strengthens its position in the growing and strategically important German rail infrastructure market. By signing a four-year framework agreement with Deutsche Bahn in the Customized Modules division  Vossloh is further expanding its market position in Germany. For the first time  Vossloh has succeeded in winning a framework agreement for complete switches with firmly committed delivery quantities. Over the next four years  Vossloh will supply a total of at least 600 switches to Deutsche Bahn. At the same time  Vossloh will continue to supply a substantial volume of switch components.Deutsche Bahn is currently renewing its rail network as part of a comprehensive modernization program and is building more than ever before. The aim is to expand the high-performance network and reduce infrastructure-related disruptions by 80 percent. Vossloh is providing significant support for Deutsche Bahn's extensive investment project - and not just with switch systems. In September  for example  an existing contract with Deutsche Bahn for preventive rail maintenance was extended and the scope of services expanded. Accordingly  Vossloh will grind at least 13 000 kilometers of the most heavily used track links within the so-called high-performance network in 2024 using the highly innovative and self-developed smart HSG (High Speed Grinding) technology. During each pass  important condition data is collected and evaluated in real time using extensive digital measurement and analysis technology  which serves as the basis for the transition from time-based to condition-based maintenance.Stationary long rail welding and rail logistics are also benefiting from Deutsche Bahn's modernization projects. Vossloh is the market leader in both areas in Germany. In view of the extensive modernization measures planned - a general overhaul is planned for 40 sections of the heavily used network alone by 2030 - Vossloh also expects high demand in these areas in the coming years. The same applies to the rail fastening systems business  where Vossloh is also a leader.A few days ago  Vossloh and Deutsche Bahn jointly organized an ""Innovation Day"" at Vossloh AG's headquarters in Werdohl with the aim of exchanging ideas and further intensifying cooperation. High-ranking representatives from various areas of Deutsche Bahn and its subsidiaries took part in the event and discussed together with the Executive Board and representatives of all Vossloh Group business units working for the customer Deutsche Bahn the most pressing challenges and approaches to overcoming them in practice. The focus of the product and service innovations presented  including numerous digital-based solutions  was on reducing closures and increasing track availability for Deutsche Bahn.Oliver Schuster  CEO of Vossloh AG  explains: ""The new framework agreement for complete switches with Deutsche Bahn is a major strategic success for Vossloh and a further step on the way to becoming a system supplier of complete track solutions in Germany. Deutsche Bahn represents the largest rail network in Europe and is of considerable importance as a globally recognized technological reference. In this respect  we are extremely pleased to be able to provide this important customer with significant support for its major modernization projects over the coming years. As a traditional German company  it is particularly important to us to contribute to advancing the railways as the most sustainable mode of mass transportation in this country as well  thus creating an important basis for achieving the European climate targets.""Contact information for the media:Andreas FriedemannPhone: +49 (0) 2392 52-608E-Mail: Presse@vossloh.comContact information for investors:Dr. Daniel GavranovicPhone: +49 (0) 2392 52-609E-Mail: Investor.relations@vossloh.comVossloh is a global technology group which for around 140 years has stood for quality  safety  customer focus  reliability  and innovative strength. With its comprehensive range of rail-related products and services  Vossloh ranks among the world market leaders in this sector. Vossloh offers a uniquely broad range of products and services under one roof: Rail fastening systems  concrete ties  switch systems and crossings  as well as innovative and increasingly digital-based services for the entire life cycle of rails and switches. Vossloh uses its systemic understanding of the track to address the central customer need of ""availability of the rail track"".Vossloh products and services are in use in more than 100 countries. With some 75 Group companies in almost 30 countries and over 40 production locations  Vossloh is active locally worldwide. Vossloh is committed to sustainable corporate governance and climate protection and with its products and services makes an important contribution to the sustainable mobility of people and goods.The Group's activities are organized into the three divisions Core Components  Customized Modules  and Lifecycle Solutions. In financial year 2022  Vossloh generated sales revenues of €1 046.1 million with around 3 800 employees.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.71,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Bahn', 'EQS-News', 'Vossloh', 'cooperation', 'Stationary long rail welding', 'High Speed Grinding) technology', 'rail fastening systems business', 'German rail infrastructure market', 'Vossloh Group business units', 'traditional German company', 'global technology group', 'Customized Modules division', 'extensive investment project', 'developed smart HSG', 'extensive digital measurement', 'major strategic success', 'European climate targets', 'Dr. Daniel Gavranovic', 'entire life cycle', 'extensive modernization measures', 'world market leaders', 'rail infrastructure products', 'preventive rail maintenance', 'Four-year framework agreement', 'Core Components divisions', 'leading global supplier', 'new framework agreement', 'important condition data', 'comprehensive modernization program', 'major modernization projects', 'numerous digital-based solutions', 'largest rail network', 'two companies Werdohl', 'next four years', 'complete track solutions', 'customer Deutsche Bahn', 'rail logistics', 'analysis technology', 'switch systems', 'important customer', 'High demand', 'Lifecycle Solutions', 'switch components', 'condition-based maintenance', 'system supplier', 'comprehensive range', 'market position', 'Key word', 'Innovation day', 'successful relationship', 'delivery quantities', 'substantial volume', 'high-performance network', 'infrastructure-related disruptions', 'significant support', 'existing contract', 'track links', 'general overhaul', 'coming years', 'Executive Board', 'pressing challenges', 'service innovations', 'track availability', 'Oliver Schuster', 'considerable importance', 'technological reference', 'sustainable mode', 'mass transportation', 'Contact information', 'Andreas Friedemann', 'Investor.relations', 'rail-related products', 'broad range', 'one roof', 'concrete ties', 'systemic understanding', 'important basis', 'customer focus', 'first time', 'same time', 'real time', 'complete switches', 'digital-based services', 'High-ranking representatives', 'various areas', 'innovative strength', 'Vossloh Aktiengesellschaft', 'Vossloh AG', '140 years', '600 switches', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'cooperation', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'growing', 'Germany', 'total', 'part', 'aim', '80 percent', 'September', 'example', 'scope', '13,000 kilometers', 'pass', 'transition', 'view', '40 sections', 'headquarters', 'ideas', 'subsidiaries', 'approaches', 'practice', 'closures', 'CEO', 'step', 'way', 'respect', 'country', 'media', 'Phone', 'Presse', 'investors', 'quality', 'safety', 'reliability', 'sector', 'crossings', 'rails']",2023-11-30,2023-11-30,stock-world.de
33289,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2787996/0/en/73-megawatts-won-in-France.html,73 megawatts won in France,73 megawatts won in France  Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces being the...,"73 megawatts won in FranceVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces being the winner of a call for tenders issued by the Commission de Régulation de l'Energie (CRE) for three wind farm development  with a total capacity of 73 megawatts.The first winning project will be located in Côte d'Or (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region)  with ten wind turbines and a total output of 33.6 megawatts. The second will be located in Deux-Sèvres (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region)  with seven wind turbines and a total output of 26.1 megawatts. Finally  the third winner will be located in Indre (Centre-Val de Loire region)  with five wind turbines and a total capacity of 13.5 megawatts.""We are very pleased to have won these new projects  which illustrate the expertise of Voltalia's teams in France  where the company has a portfolio of projects under development of more than two gigawatts "" said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next on the agenda: Q4 2023 turnover  on January 31  2024 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 700 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitsei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['73 megawatts', 'France', 'Commission de Régulation', ""Côte d'Or"", 'Centre-Val de Loire region', 'three wind farm development', 'ten wind turbines', 'seven wind turbines', 'five wind turbines', 'first winning project', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'energy efficiency services', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', 'renewable energies', 'Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region', 'Nouvelle-Aquitaine region', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'total capacity', 'total output', 'Deux-Sèvres', 'two gigawatts', 'Q4 2023 turnover', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'new projects', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'third winner', 'investor clients', 'Seitsei Actifin', 'green electricity', '73 megawatts', 'France', 'Voltalia', 'call', 'tenders', 'CRE', '33.6 megawatts', '26.1 megawatts', 'Indre', '13.5 megawatts', 'expertise', 'teams', 'company', 'portfolio', 'CEO', 'agenda', 'January', 'operation', 'construction', '2.7 GW', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,700 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'FR0011995588', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33290,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2787997/0/en/PUBLICATION-OF-A-TRANSPARENCY-NOTIFICATION.html,PUBLICATION OF A TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION,Publication on November 29  2023 at 18:30 CET after market closingRegulated information EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),Publication on November 29  2023 at 18:30 CET after market closingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)PUBLICATION OF A TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION(Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings)On November 27  2023  EVS Broadcast Equipment has received a transparency notification indicating that Otus Capital Management Limited now holds 4.99% of the voting rights of the company. Otus Capital Management Limited has therefore crossed down the threshold of 5%.The notification  dated November 27  2023  contains the following information:Reason for the notification: acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification by: A parent undertaking or a controlling personPersons subject to the notification requirement: Otus Capital Management Limited  29 Queen Anne’s Gate  London SW1H 9BU  UK; Andrew GibbsTransaction date: November 24  2023Threshold that is crossed (in %): 5%Denominator: 14 327 024A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # voting rights # voting rights % voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to the securities Linked to securities Not linked to the securities Andrew Gibbs 0 0 0 00% Otus Capital Management Limited 820.529 714.792 4.99% TOTAL 714.792 0 4.99% 0 00%B) Equivalent financial instruments After the transaction Holders of equivalent financial instruments Type of financialInstruments Expirationdate Exercise period or date # of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised % of voting rights Settlement TOTAL 0 0 00%TOTAL (A & B) # voting rights % of voting rights TOTAL (A & B) 714.792 4.99%Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: Otus Capital Management Ltd acts as the investment manager (with control of voting rights) for: The Maga Micro Cap Fund  Regents of the University of Michigan and LGT Select Equity Global-Pool Otus  that hold the shares reported here. Otus Capital Management Ltd is 30% owned by Canepa-OCM Holdings Limited & is 70% owned by Andrew Gibbs.Additional information: Otus Capital Management Ltd is the discretionary investment manager and exercises the voting rights at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.This press release and the notification are available on the EVS website (www.evs.com).EVS values transparency and compliance with regulatory obligations and is committed to keeping its shareholders and stakeholders informed about developments that may impact the ownership structure. EVS remains focused on its strategic objectives and is confident in its ability to deliver value to its shareholders.Shareholders must declare their ownership in EVS shares as soon as their shareholding passes over/under the 3% threshold (required by Company Statutes) and any multiple of 5% thresholds (required by Belgian Law). Notifications of important shareholdings to be made according to the Law of May 2  2007 and the EVS's bylaws  should be sent to the company (by email corpcom@evs.com or fax +32 4 361 7089) and to the FSMA. The current number of shares (denominator) to be taken into account is 14 327 024 shares.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs ’f EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as the leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION', 'PUBLICATION', 'The Maga Micro Cap Fund', 'LGT Select Equity Global-Pool Otus', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'Otus Capital Management Ltd', 'Otus Capital Management Limited', 'gripping live sports images', 'equivalent financial instruments Type', 'Voting rights Previous notification', 'financial Instruments Expiration', 'Canepa-OCM Holdings Limited', 'London SW1H 9BU', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'live video technology', 'new media productions', 'date Exercise period', 'discretionary investment manager', 'voting rights Settlement', 'financial condition', 'major holdings', 'new technologies', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'first paragraph', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', '29 Queen Anne', 'Andrew Gibbs', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'specific instructions', 'press release', 'regulatory obligations', 'strategic objectives', 'important shareholdings', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'current expectations', 'one industry', 'immersive stories', 'best return', 'wide range', 'entertainment shows', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS website', 'EVS values', 'Regulated information', 'following information', 'notification requirement', 'Additional information', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'market requirements', 'market share', 'ownership structure', 'current number', 'unanticipated events', 'voting securities', 'TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION', 'Transaction date', 'Belgian Law', 'Company Statutes', 'EVS shares', '14,327,024 shares', 'Publication', 'November', '18:30 CET', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'threshold', 'Reason', 'acquisition', 'disposal', 'Persons', 'Gate', 'UK', 'Denominator', 'Holders', 'TOTAL', 'Regents', 'University', 'Michigan', 'absence', 'compliance', 'developments', 'ability', 'multiple', 'Notifications', 'bylaws', 'email', 'corpcom', 'fax', 'FSMA', 'account', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'SRL', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'leader', 'passion', 'purpose', 'clients', 'emotion', 'solutions']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33291,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COVIVIO-5748/news/Covivio-successful-placement-of-green-bonds-45457122/,Covivio: successful placement of green bonds -November 29  2023 at 01:13 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Covivio has announced the successful placement of 500 million euros in green bonds  maturing in June 2032  an issue that was nearly four times oversubscribed and the proceeds of which are intended to finance or refinance its Green portfol…,Covivio: successful placement of green bondsNovember 29  2023 at 01:13 am EST ShareCovivio has announced the successful placement of 500 million euros in green bonds  maturing in June 2032  an issue that was nearly four times oversubscribed and the proceeds of which are intended to finance or refinance its Green portfolio.This transaction strengthens Covivio's balance sheet by extending the maturity of its debt (4.7 years to the end of June 2023)  and by increasing the property group's liquidity to 2.2 billion  enabling it to cover debt maturities until the end of 2025.These bonds will be the subject of an application for admission to trading on Euronext Paris. Settlement-delivery of the bonds and their admission to trading on Euronext Paris are scheduled for December 5.Copyright (c) 2023 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.27,0.24,True,English,"['successful placement', 'green bonds', 'Covivio', 'November', '01', 'successful placement', '500 million euros', 'Green portfolio', 'balance sheet', 'property group', 'Euronext Paris', 'green bonds', 'debt maturities', 'Covivio', 'November', 'Share', 'June', 'issue', 'proceeds', 'transaction', 'maturity', 'end', 'liquidity', 'subject', 'application', 'admission', 'trading', 'Settlement-delivery', 'December', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '01']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33292,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CREACTIVES-GROUP-S-P-A-111381405/news/Creactives-S-p-A-Finalized-the-fulfilments-for-delisting-from-the-Vienna-Stock-Exchange-45463407/,Creactives S p A : Finalized the fulfilments for delisting from the Vienna Stock Exchange -November 29  2023 at 09:43 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   Finalized the fulfilments for delisting from the Vienna Stock Exchange   Nov 29  2023| Other price sensitive releases  Press releases  Price sensitive     Verona  November 29  2023. Creactives Group S.p.A.   an international c…,"Verona  November 29  2023. Creactives Group S.p.A. (""Creactives Group"" or the ""Company"") (ISIN IT0005408593 - ticker: CREG)  an international company and Innovative SME  listed on Euronext Growth Milan - Professional Segment (""Euronext Growth Milan Pro"") and on the Direct Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange  that develops Artificial Intelligence technologies to address real-life business problems in the Supply Chain  announces that  following the resolution of the shareholders' meeting on October 25  2023  by which the request for delisting from the multilateral trading system of the Vienna Stock Exchange was approved  all the necessary steps and formalities to conclude the aforementioned process have been completed as of today.The last trading day for the Company's ordinary shares on the Direct Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange will be December 22  2023.DOWNLOAD THE PRESS RELEASE (EN)DOWNLOAD THE PRESS RELEASE (IT)",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Creactives S', 'fulfilments', 'delisting', 'November', '09', '43', 'Creactives Group S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Artificial Intelligence technologies', 'real-life business problems', 'multilateral trading system', 'last trading day', 'Innovative SME', 'Professional Segment', 'Direct Market', 'Supply Chain', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'necessary steps', 'ordinary shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'international company', 'Verona', 'November', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'CREG', 'resolution', 'October', 'request', 'delisting', 'formalities', 'process', 'today', 'December', 'THE']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33293,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HOTELES-BESTPRICE-S-A-144830114/news/Hoteles-BESTPRICE-S-A-4-8-million-euros-from-Santander-CaixaBank-and-BBVA-for-the-expansion-of-H-45459197/,Hoteles BESTPRICE S A : 4.8 million euros from Santander  CaixaBank  and BBVA for the expansion of Hoteles BESTPRICE -November 29  2023 at 03:20 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   4.8 million euros from Santander  CaixaBank  and BBVA for the expansion of Hoteles BESTPRICE      29 Nov 2023 09:00 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   HOTELES BESTPRICE S.A.      The hotel...https://www.marketscreen…,"4.8 million euros from Santander  CaixaBank  and BBVA for the expansion of Hoteles BESTPRICEThe hotel chain Hoteles BESTPRICE  listed on BOLSA EURONEXT PARIS  will allocate the funds to new hotel establishments  aiming to double the EBITDA and achieve a revenue of 10 million euros by 2025.On November 20  2023  Santander  CaixaBank  and BBVA banks contribute new funds amounting to almost 5 million euros (4 800 000€) to Hoteles BESTPRICE's expansion plan. The hotel chain has signed agreements with financial institutions and expects to double the number of operational hotels in its portfolio in the coming months. Currently  it operates 5 hotels in the cities of Barcelona  Madrid  Girona  and Valencia  with 3 hotel projects in the execution phase.The funds will enable the consolidation of its commitment and expansion into new Spanish cities  as well as growth in the cities it already operates in. At the EBITDA level  the company expects to double it once the new projects currently in progress are operational  reaching a revenue of 10 million euros in 2025. Quarterly  Hoteles BESTPRICE has been growing for 8 consecutive quarters by over 20% compared to the same quarter of the previous year.Key metrics for the first 10 months of 2023:Occupancy exceeding 95% in the last 9 months.ADR rises in October to 118.85€  and Revenue per Available Room (RevPar) soars in that month to 116.71€.5 operational hotels and 3 more in the execution phase for upcoming openings.Hoteles BESTPRICE has 42 employees.Market capitalization of 52 million euros.The hotel chain has just celebrated its first anniversary as a publicly traded company with a 162% growth in market capitalization  reaching 53 million euros. The hotel company debuted with a price of 1€ per share on the EURONEXT PARIS stock market and an initial capitalization of 20.4 million euros (20 400 000€).Hoteles BESTPRICE has become the first hotel company to distribute dividends after the pandemic and plans to significantly increase shareholder remuneration in the coming years once all the currently under-construction establishments become operational. The company is listed on EURONEXT PARIS  and banking entities such as CaixaBank  BBVA  Santander  Sabadell  Openbank  ActivoBank  and Interactive Brokers support Hoteles BESTPRICE with stock market intermediation on EURONEXT PARIS. The company's ISIN code is ES0105664009  and its abbreviation on EURONEXT PARIS is MLHBP.It has recently inaugurated BESTPRICE Valencia  becoming a reference in its markets. It has an average staff of 42 employees.In the words of Oscar Sánchez  President of Hoteles BESTPRICE  ""We appreciate the trust  support  and determination of the banks in our business model  allowing us to grow and work with new resources to increase our presence in more cities throughout Spanish territory. Today  our investor shareholders can celebrate the profitability model we offer them and an expansion plan supported by the banks. Our value proposition is modernity  excellence  comfort  and supreme quality of our human team.""Hoteles BESTPRICE is a new boutique hotel chain that disrupts the hotel restoration market with an innovative  unique  exclusive  and highly attractive concept for all customers  along with an appealing growth model for investors. They offer the best hotel stay prices with deluxe rooms and first-class service from the Reception team 24/7  featuring modern facility design and agile  personalized  and professional service from a highly trained team of Guest Services. It has five boutique establishments  BESTPRICE Diagonal and BESTPRICE Gracia  both in the city of Barcelona  BESTPRICE Madrid Alcalá  BESTPRICE Girona  and the BESTPRICE Valencia hotel.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Hoteles BESTPRICE', '4.8 million euros', 'Santander', 'CaixaBank', 'BBVA', 'expansion', 'November', '03:20', 'best hotel stay prices', 'EURONEXT PARIS stock market', 'new boutique hotel chain', 'stock market intermediation', 'five boutique establishments', 'Oscar Sánchez', 'modern facility design', 'hotel restoration market', 'BOLSA EURONEXT PARIS', 'new hotel establishments', 'appealing growth model', 'BESTPRICE Madrid Alcalá', 'BESTPRICE Valencia hotel', 'new Spanish cities', 'first hotel company', 'Market capitalization', '3 hotel projects', 'new projects', 'construction establishments', 'new resources', 'Spanish territory', 'first 10 months', 'first anniversary', 'business model', 'profitability model', 'new funds', 'financial institutions', 'coming months', 'execution phase', '8 consecutive quarters', 'same quarter', 'previous year', 'Key metrics', 'last 9 months', 'Available Room', 'upcoming openings', 'initial capitalization', 'shareholder remuneration', 'coming years', 'banking entities', 'Interactive Brokers', 'ISIN code', 'average staff', 'investor shareholders', 'value proposition', 'supreme quality', 'attractive concept', 'deluxe rooms', 'first-class service', 'professional service', 'Guest Services', 'BESTPRICE Diagonal', 'BESTPRICE Gracia', '4.8 million euros', '10 million euros', '5 million euros', '52 million euros', '53 million euros', 'Hoteles BESTPRICE', 'operational hotels', 'human team', 'Reception team', 'expansion plan', 'EBITDA level', 'BESTPRICE Girona', 'BBVA banks', '20.4 million', '5 hotels', '162% growth', 'Santander', 'CaixaBank', 'revenue', 'November', 'agreements', 'number', 'portfolio', 'Barcelona', 'consolidation', 'commitment', 'progress', 'Occupancy', 'October', 'RevPar', '42 employees', 'dividends', 'pandemic', 'Sabadell', 'Openbank', 'ActivoBank', 'abbreviation', 'MLHBP', 'reference', 'markets', 'words', 'President', 'trust', 'support', 'determination', 'presence', 'modernity', 'excellence', 'comfort', 'customers', 'investors', 'trained', 'city']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33294,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/PUBLICATION-OF-A-TRANSPARENCY-NOTIFICATION-45464907/,PUBLICATION OF A TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION,(marketscreener.com) Publication on November 29  2023 at 18:30 CET after market closingRegulated information EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters PUBLICATION OF A TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION On November 27  2023  EVS Broadcast E…,Official EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA press releasePublication on November 29  2023 at 18:30 CET after market closingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)PUBLICATION OF A TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION(Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings)On November 27  2023  EVS Broadcast Equipment has received a transparency notification indicating that Otus Capital Management Limited now holds 4.99% of the voting rights of the company. Otus Capital Management Limited has therefore crossed down the threshold of 5%.The notification  dated November 27  2023  contains the following information:Reason for the notification: acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification by: A parent undertaking or a controlling personPersons subject to the notification requirement: Otus Capital Management Limited  29 Queen Anne’s Gate  London SW1H 9BU  UK; Andrew GibbsTransaction date: November 24  2023Threshold that is crossed (in %): 5%Denominator: 14 327 024A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # voting rights # voting rights % voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to the securities Linked to securities Not linked to the securities Andrew Gibbs 0 0 0 00% Otus Capital Management Limited 820.529 714.792 4.99% TOTAL 714.792 0 4.99% 0 00%B) Equivalent financial instruments After the transaction Holders of equivalent financial instruments Type of financialInstruments Expirationdate Exercise period or date # of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised % of voting rights Settlement TOTAL 0 0 00%TOTAL (A & B) # voting rights % of voting rights TOTAL (A & B) 714.792 4.99%Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: Otus Capital Management Ltd acts as the investment manager (with control of voting rights) for: The Maga Micro Cap Fund  Regents of the University of Michigan and LGT Select Equity Global-Pool Otus  that hold the shares reported here. Otus Capital Management Ltd is 30% owned by Canepa-OCM Holdings Limited & is 70% owned by Andrew Gibbs.Additional information: Otus Capital Management Ltd is the discretionary investment manager and exercises the voting rights at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.This press release and the notification are available on the EVS website (www.evs.com).EVS values transparency and compliance with regulatory obligations and is committed to keeping its shareholders and stakeholders informed about developments that may impact the ownership structure. EVS remains focused on its strategic objectives and is confident in its ability to deliver value to its shareholders.Shareholders must declare their ownership in EVS shares as soon as their shareholding passes over/under the 3% threshold (required by Company Statutes) and any multiple of 5% thresholds (required by Belgian Law). Notifications of important shareholdings to be made according to the Law of May 2  2007 and the EVS's bylaws  should be sent to the company (by email corpcom@evs.com or fax +32 4 361 7089) and to the FSMA. The current number of shares (denominator) to be taken into account is 14 327 024 shares.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs ’f EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as the leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION', 'PUBLICATION', 'Official EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA press release', 'The Maga Micro Cap Fund', 'LGT Select Equity Global-Pool Otus', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'Otus Capital Management Ltd', 'Otus Capital Management Limited', 'Voting rights Previous notification', 'Canepa-OCM Holdings Limited', 'London SW1H 9BU', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'gripping live sports', 'financial instruments Type', 'financial Instruments Expiration', 'new media productions', 'date Exercise period', 'discretionary investment manager', 'live video technology', 'Equivalent financial instruments', 'voting rights Settlement', 'financial condition', 'major holdings', 'new technologies', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS website', 'EVS values', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'first paragraph', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', '29 Queen Anne', 'Andrew Gibbs', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'specific instructions', 'regulatory obligations', 'strategic objectives', 'important shareholdings', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'current expectations', 'one industry', 'immersive stories', 'best return', 'wide range', 'Regulated information', 'following information', 'notification requirement', 'Additional information', 'looking statements', 'actual results', 'market requirements', 'market share', 'ownership structure', 'current number', 'unanticipated events', 'voting securities', 'TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION', 'Transaction date', 'Belgian Law', 'EVS shares', 'Company Statutes', '14,327,024 shares', 'Publication', 'November', '18:30 CET', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'threshold', 'Reason', 'acquisition', 'disposal', 'Persons', 'Gate', 'UK', 'Denominator', 'Holders', 'TOTAL', 'Regents', 'University', 'Michigan', 'absence', 'compliance', 'developments', 'ability', 'multiple', 'Notifications', 'bylaws', 'email', 'corpcom', 'fax', 'FSMA', 'account', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'SRL', 'forward', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'leader', 'passion', 'purpose', 'clients', 'emotion', 'solutions']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33295,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-Payment-for-the-buyback-of-all-ADP-2017-by-the-company-HAW-SAS-45465443/,2CRSi SA: Payment for the buyback of all 'ADP 2017' by the company HAW SAS -November 29  2023 at 02:06 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Payment for the buyback of all 'ADP 2017' by the company HAW SAS 29-Nov-2023 / 20:03 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for …,"Press ReleasePayment for the buyback of all 'ADP 2017' by the company HAW SAS.Strasbourg (France)  November 29  2023 - 2CRSi  designer and manufacturer of high-performance  energy-efficient IT servers  announces the acquisition today by HAW of all 3 500 000 preference shares 2017 (""ADP 2017"") from Audacia ISF Croissance and Amundi PME ISF 2017.This operation follows the exercise of the option communicated on April 3  2023  in accordance with Article 7 of the articles of association of 2CRSi  dated March 30  2023. It concerned the entirety of the 3 500 000 preference shares issued in 2017 by the company for the benefit of the companies 'Audacia ISF Croissance SA' (for 1 590 900 shares representing 8.97% of the capital) and 'Amundi PME ISF 2017 SA' (for 1 909 100 shares representing 10.76% of the capital).The Annual General Meeting and the Board of Directors meeting scheduled for November 30  2023 will be asked to approve the conversion of all preference shares 2017 into ordinary shares on the basis of one ordinary share for each preference shares 2017 held by HAW SAS.The new breakdown of 2CRSi's capital after the transaction is as follows:Next meeting: Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on November 30  2023.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  the 2CRSi group designs  produces and markets customized  ecoresponsible high-performance IT servers. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781)  and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022.For more information: 2crsi.comContacts2CRSi",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2CRSi SA', 'HAW SAS', 'Payment', 'buyback', 'ADP', 'company', 'November', '02:06', 'customized, ecoresponsible high-performance IT servers', 'high-performance, energy-efficient IT servers', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Audacia ISF Croissance SA', 'Amundi PME ISF', 'one ordinary share', 'Directors meeting', 'Next meeting', 'ordinary shares', 'Press Release', 'new breakdown', 'ISIN Code', 'HAW SAS', '3,500,000 preference shares', 'Euronext Growth', '2CRSi group', '1,590,900 shares', '1,909,100 shares', 'Payment', 'buyback', 'ADP', 'company', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'November', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'acquisition', 'operation', 'exercise', 'option', 'April', 'accordance', 'Article', 'association', 'March', 'entirety', 'benefit', 'companies', 'capital', 'Board', 'conversion', 'basis', 'transaction', 'Shareholders', 'markets', 'June', 'Paris', 'information', 'Contacts2CRSi']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33296,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/73-megawatts-won-in-France-45464909/,73 megawatts won in France,(marketscreener.com) 73 megawatts won in France Voltalia   an international player in renewable energies  announces being the winner of a call for tenders issued by the Commission de Régulation de l'Energie for three wind farm development  with a total capaci…,"Official VOLTALIA SA press release73 megawatts won in FranceVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces being the winner of a call for tenders issued by the Commission de Régulation de l'Energie (CRE) for three wind farm development  with a total capacity of 73 megawatts.The first winning project will be located in Côte d'Or (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region)  with ten wind turbines and a total output of 33.6 megawatts. The second will be located in Deux-Sèvres (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region)  with seven wind turbines and a total output of 26.1 megawatts. Finally  the third winner will be located in Indre (Centre-Val de Loire region)  with five wind turbines and a total capacity of 13.5 megawatts.""We are very pleased to have won these new projects  which illustrate the expertise of Voltalia's teams in France  where the company has a portfolio of projects under development of more than two gigawatts "" said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next on the agenda: Q4 2023 turnover  on January 31  2024 (after market close)About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 700 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitsei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['73 megawatts', 'France', 'Official VOLTALIA SA press release', 'Commission de Régulation', ""Côte d'Or"", 'Centre-Val de Loire region', 'three wind farm development', 'ten wind turbines', 'seven wind turbines', 'five wind turbines', 'first winning project', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'energy efficiency services', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', 'Press Contact', 'renewable energies', 'Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region', 'Nouvelle-Aquitaine region', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'total capacity', 'total output', 'Deux-Sèvres', 'two gigawatts', 'Q4 2023 turnover', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'new projects', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'third winner', 'investor clients', 'Seitsei Actifin', 'green electricity', '73 megawatts', 'France', 'call', 'tenders', 'CRE', '33.6 megawatts', '26.1 megawatts', 'Indre', '13.5 megawatts', 'expertise', 'teams', 'company', 'portfolio', 'CEO', 'agenda', 'January', 'operation', 'construction', '2.7 GW', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,700 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/creactives-group-ready-to-delist-from-vienna-stock-exchange-93CH-3246025,Creactives Group ready to delist from Vienna Stock Exchange By Investing.com,Creactives Group ready to delist from Vienna Stock Exchange,Published Nov 29  2023 11:17AM ET© Reuters.CREG 0.00% Add to/Remove from WatchlistCreactives Group S.p.A.  a company specializing in artificial intelligence for supply chain management  has completed the necessary steps for its delisting from the Vienna Stock Exchange. The firm  which is also listed on the Euronext Growth Milan Pro  had received shareholder approval for the withdrawal on October 25  2023.On Wednesday  Creactives Group announced that all formalities for the delisting process have been concluded. The decision to delist from Vienna's Direct Market is part of a strategic move to streamline the company's stock market presence.Investors should note that December 22  2023  has been established as the last trading day for Creactives Group's ordinary shares on the Vienna trading system.This move comes as part of a broader trend where companies are opting to consolidate their listings to focus on markets that provide the most value for their shares. Creactives Group's aims to focus on leveraging AI to enhance supply chain efficiencies  and expects that this consolidation to allow it to better align its investor relations and market strategy.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Creactives Group', 'Investing', 'Creactives Group S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan Pro', 'supply chain management', 'last trading day', 'supply chain efficiencies', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'stock market presence', 'Vienna trading system', 'Direct Market', 'market strategy', 'artificial intelligence', 'necessary steps', 'shareholder approval', 'broader trend', 'most value', 'investor relations', 'T&C.', 'delisting process', 'strategic move', 'ordinary shares', 'Reuters', 'CREG', 'Watchlist', 'company', 'firm', 'withdrawal', 'October', 'Wednesday', 'formalities', 'decision', 'part', 'Investors', 'December', 'companies', 'listings', 'markets', 'consolidation', 'article', 'support', 'editor', 'information', '©']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,investing.com
33298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-45464598/,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares -November 29  2023 at 11:54 am EST,(marketscreener.com) 29 November 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -   In accordance …,29 November 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 22 and 28 November 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 25 May 2023 the powers of the Board of Directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 768 983 (1.4%) on 28 November 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerEdouard Janssen  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'November', '11', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Edouard Janssen', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'November', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '25 May', 'powers', 'Board', 'Directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'dieterengroup', 'Website', '22']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-2CRSi-announces-the-sale-of-10-servers-for-4M-USD-45464779/,2CRSi SA: 2CRSi announces the sale of 10 servers for 4M USD -November 29  2023 at 12:14 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: 2CRSi announces the sale of 10 servers for 4M USD 29-Nov-2023 / 18:12 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of …,"Press Release2CRSi announces the sale of 10 servers for 4M USDStrasbourg (France)  November 29  2023 - 2CRSi (ISIN code: FR0013341781)  designer and manufacturer of energy-efficient high-performance computing solutions  announces the sale of 10 of its Atlas 1.8GG servers for USD 4 million  list price  with a US company to support its leap into the high-performance computing and artificial intelligence markets.This customer specializes in the hosting and deployment of data centers  with over 15 sites in North America and Canada. In its market  the company sets itself apart by its requirement to reduce its carbon footprint  in particular by powering its infrastructures with blocked  surplus or unused energy  which is on the network in remote or off-grid locations.It has also distinguished itself in the field of high-density computing  with the successful deployment of innovative systems dedicated to computation  artificial intelligence and Web3. Thanks to this ongoing commitment to sustainable innovation  the company is strengthening its capabilities in GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) computing servers  which are essential to the development and operation of cutting-edge algorithms such as Artificial Intelligence.Since 2017  2CRSi has developed a range of computer servers specially adapted to single-phase immersion cooling technologies.Since 2021  2CRSi has developed products specially adapted to two-phase cooling. Indeed  the increasing energy consumption of components specialized for AI requires a new class of computer servers  capable of dissipating the energy emitted by these components.The servers sold each feature two AMD EPYC™ ""Genoa"" processors  eight NVIDIA® H100 80GB PCIe cards and two NVIDIA® ConnectX-7 400Gbps network cards  all installed in a 1U-high 2CRSi Atlas 1.8GG chassis  for a power consumption of over 3500W per server. This density is a new record. It makes a 66U ""two-phase tank"" with a thermal capacity of 250kW profitable.In addition to this order  which will be delivered in the coming weeks  the customer has confirmed an intention to rapidly order a further 50 ""Atlas 1.8GG"" servers  as well as 240 ""Godì 1.8SR-NV8"" servers. 2CRSi is currently negotiating with NVIDIA® to obtain the component allocations needed to turn its order intentions into reality.Next meeting: Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on November 30  2023.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  the 2CRSi group designs  produces and markets customized  ecoresponsible high-performance IT servers. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781)  and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022.For more information: 2crsi.comContacts2CRSi",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['4M USD', '2CRSi SA', 'sale', '10 servers', 'November', '12:14', 'eight NVIDIA® H100 80GB PCIe cards', 'two NVIDIA® ConnectX-7 400Gbps network cards', 'GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) computing servers', 'two AMD EPYC™ ""Genoa"" processors', 'customized, ecoresponsible high-performance IT servers', '1U-high 2CRSi Atlas 1.8GG chassis', 'energy-efficient high-performance computing solutions', 'single-phase immersion cooling technologies', '50 ""Atlas 1.8GG"" servers', '240 ""Godì 1.8SR-NV8"" servers', '66U ""two-phase tank', 'Annual General Meeting', 'increasing energy consumption', 'artificial intelligence markets', '1.8GG servers', 'high-density computing', 'two-phase cooling', 'computer servers', 'power consumption', 'Next meeting', 'Press Release', 'ISIN code', 'list price', 'data centers', 'North America', 'carbon footprint', 'unused energy', 'grid locations', 'innovative systems', 'ongoing commitment', 'sustainable innovation', 'cutting-edge algorithms', 'new class', 'new record', 'thermal capacity', 'coming weeks', 'component allocations', '4M USD', 'successful deployment', 'order intentions', '2CRSi group', 'Euronext Growth', 'US company', '10 servers', 'sale', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'leap', 'customer', 'hosting', '15 sites', 'Canada', 'requirement', 'infrastructures', 'blocked', 'surplus', 'remote', 'field', 'computation', 'Web', 'capabilities', 'development', 'operation', 'range', 'products', 'components', 'feature', '3500W', '250kW', 'addition', 'reality', 'Shareholders', 'November', 'June', 'Paris', 'shares', 'information', 'Contacts2CRSi']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4119321.html,Creating a More Attractive and Engaging Workplace to Meet Emerging Talent Expectations,The workplace mindset has shifted — particularly as it relates to the new generation. In order to maintain the attractiveness of our industry  inspire young Talent to choose a hospitality career and foster deeply engaged team members  we have the opportunity …,The workplace mindset has shifted — particularly as it relates to the new generation. In order to maintain the attractiveness of our industry  inspire young Talent to choose a hospitality career and foster deeply engaged team members  we have the opportunity to give them voice and fulfill their aspirations.In line with our commitment to offering enriching career paths and nurturing Talent growth  we discussed expectations and career choices with students from three of our partner schools around the world: EHL Hospitality Business School in Switzerland  Shanghai Business School in China  and Queenstown Resort College in New Zealand. This important feedback enabled us to gain insights into the career aspirations of individuals about to join the hospitality industry. It also allowed us to identify opportunities to fulfill these needs in order to attract team members wanting to grow and expand their roles within the organization and the sector for the long term. Their responses also confirmed the changing beliefs  priorities and insights we had already identified in our 'Hospitality Ahead' report published earlier this year.Unlocking the Workplace Mindset: Dive into Emerging Talent ExpectationsThe Evolution of the Talent Mindset: A Search for Meaning and FulfillmentTalent expectations have evolved significantly. In recent years they have developed deeper personal insights to determine what really matters to them not just in a job  but in life as well. As a result  individuals are placing strong emphasis on their own vitality and therefore how they see a career has also shifted. In order for them to commit to joining or staying in the workforce  they prioritize certain key elements including a significant desire for a greater work/life balance so they have the time to pursue other interests which are meaningful to them  but also feel appreciated in the workplace and offered valued growth opportunities to flourish in their future careers.I would like to work for a company which offers a system of staff care so I will feel appreciated while I am working. This company should provide a lot of learning opportunities for me so I can improve my skills and learn something from this work. Arya Li  21 years old  Shanghai Business School  ChinaProviding Opportunities to Realize Purpose: Sparking Deeper EmotionsYears ago  one’s life’s purpose certainly wasn’t something talked about during annual job reviews. Yet today’s Talent wants to connect to deeper emotions as they go about their daily work. The hospitality industry is particularly appealing as it allows team members to feel a personal sense of fulfillment in welcoming guests from all over the world and making sure they feel comfortable and satisfied with their hotel experience. Helping Talent to recognize they made a difference in someone’s day  reframing the way they view their job  and showing them the important role they play in the guest experience is often a key to realizing purpose  feeling fulfilled  and wanting to stay at a job.My future job in hospitality should bring me a sense of purpose focused on creating experiences  forging relationships  gaining knowledge  collecting memories  and enhancing my personal portfolio. These elements collectively enrich my professional journey and make it more fulfilling. Ti’a Armstrong  19 years old  Queenstown Resort College  New ZealandConnecting with Themselves: Enabling Opportunities for Self-ExpressionSignificant developments have been made in the areas of diversity and inclusion  but Talent seeks more on an individual level. Embracing self-expression is now of paramount importance as team members are drawn to companies which celebrate their individuality and encourage them to be who they are or put their own spin on a service experience. From enabling someone to adapt the dress code to being their authentic selves  Talent feel more appreciated and satisfied when they can express themselves  and this results in a more positive guest interaction.The most important criteria for me in choosing a place to work is having fun and enjoying what I am doing. I want to go to work with a smile on my face and leave work with a smile on my face. For my first job I want to be happy. I want to go to work — which is not really work — but it’s my life. Julius Reiss  23 years old  EHL Hospitality Business School  SwitzerlandSharing Their Values: Talent Seek Companies Who Prioritize Social ResponsibilityCorporate Social Responsibility and sustainability are growing in importance in society as a whole. Therefore it should be no surprise that Talent also has an interest in protecting people and planet and seek opportunities to work with companies who prioritize these initiatives. Involving team members in the company’s environmental or social efforts — or inviting them to launch a project which reflects its commitment to making a positive impact — helps them find purpose and live their beliefs.I would definitely love to work for a company which is a frontrunner in the industry. Hospitality is always changing and I'd rather be learning from a company setting those trends than just simply following them. I would like a company which values inclusivity  diversity and sustainability with its team. Cinzia Torriani  19 years old  EHL Hospitality Business School  SwitzerlandTo learn more about our ‘Hospitality Ahead’ Report  please click here.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,positive,0.74,0.23,0.03,True,English,"['Emerging Talent Expectations', 'Engaging Workplace', 'Attractive', 'EHL Hospitality Business School', 'Shanghai Business School', 'Queenstown Resort College', 'greater work/life balance', 'Ti’a Armstrong', 'enriching career paths', 'positive guest interaction', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'annual job reviews', 'Emerging Talent Expectations', 'deeper personal insights', 'guest experience', 'positive impact', 'Deeper Emotions', 'personal portfolio', 'social efforts', 'hospitality career', 'new generation', 'team members', 'career choices', 'partner schools', 'New Zealand', 'important feedback', 'long term', 'recent years', 'strong emphasis', 'significant desire', 'other interests', 'future careers', 'staff care', 'Arya Li', 'hotel experience', 'important role', 'professional journey', 'Significant developments', 'individual level', 'service experience', 'dress code', 'authentic selves', 'important criteria', 'Julius Reiss', 'personal sense', 'workplace mindset', 'future job', 'first job', 'hospitality industry', 'young Talent', 'Talent growth', 'Talent Mindset', 'career aspirations', 'changing beliefs', 'paramount importance', 'growth opportunities', 'learning opportunities', 'daily work', 'key elements', 'order', 'attractiveness', 'opportunity', 'voice', 'line', 'commitment', 'students', 'world', 'Switzerland', 'China', 'individuals', 'needs', 'roles', 'organization', 'sector', 'responses', 'priorities', 'report', 'Evolution', 'Search', 'Meaning', 'Fulfillment', 'result', 'vitality', 'workforce', 'time', 'valued', 'company', 'system', 'lot', 'skills', 'something', 'Purpose', 'guests', 'difference', 'someone', 'day', 'way', 'experiences', 'relationships', 'knowledge', 'memories', 'Self-Expression', 'areas', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'companies', 'individuality', 'spin', 'fun', 'smile', 'face', 'Values', 'sustainability', 'society', 'surprise', 'people', 'planet', 'initiatives', 'environmental', 'project', 'frontrunner']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,hospitalitynet.org
33301,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-named-a-Great-Place-to-Work-by-The-Secured-Lender-45463076/,Wolters Kluwer named a Great Place to Work by The Secured Lender,(marketscreener.com)  Compliance Solutions business in Financial & Corporate Compliance division recognized for its leadership in the secured finance industryhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-named-a-Great-P…,Official WOLTERS KLUWER press releaseCompliance Solutions business in Financial & Corporate Compliance division recognized for its leadership in the secured finance industryWolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions has been recognized as a great place to work by The Secured Lender for its competitive compensation  benefits  and global talent management programs.Wolters Kluwer officials point to the company’s work to create an inclusive culture  which is reflected in recognitions such as Wolters Kluwer being named the Netherlands’ top company for gender diversity in the Equileap Gender Equality Global Report & Ranking  2023 and among the Top 100 companies in the Financial Times’ Diversity Leaders 2023 ranking.“I am proud of the work that we do to create a diverse environment that encourages a work life balance and growth for our employees ” said Vikram Savkar  Executive Vice President and General Manager  Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions. “We work hard to encourage our employees to innovate  which in turn benefits our customers by providing them with best-in-class risk management and regulatory compliance solutions to support their businesses.”The Secured Lender is the industry publication of The Secured Finance Network  an essential resource for all organizations and professionals who deliver and enable secured finance to businesses.Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions is a market leader and trusted provider of risk management and regulatory compliance solutions and services to U.S. banks  credit unions  insurers and securities firms. The business sits within Wolters Kluwer’s Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division  also home to CT Corporation  a leading provider of registered agent services  incorporation services and legal entity compliance  including for new beneficial ownership requirements.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231130064614/en/,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['The Secured Lender', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Great Place', 'Official WOLTERS KLUWER press release Compliance Solutions business', 'Equileap Gender Equality Global Report', 'new beneficial ownership requirements', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'global talent management programs', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'The Secured Finance Network', 'Financial Times’ Diversity Leaders', 'Wolters Kluwer officials', 'The Secured Lender', 'regulatory compliance solutions', 'Executive Vice President', 'U.S. banks', 'deep domain knowledge', 'secured finance industry', 'class risk management', 'legal entity compliance', 'Corporate Compliance division', 'work life balance', 'registered agent services', 'gender diversity', 'expert solutions', 'global leader', 'industry publication', 'FCC) division', 'corporate performance', 'great place', 'competitive compensation', 'inclusive culture', 'Top 100 companies', 'diverse environment', 'Vikram Savkar', 'General Manager', 'essential resource', 'market leader', 'trusted provider', 'credit unions', 'securities firms', 'CT Corporation', 'leading provider', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'incorporation services', 'leadership', 'benefits', 'company', 'recognitions', 'Netherlands', 'Ranking', 'growth', 'employees', 'turn', 'customers', 'businesses', 'organizations', 'professionals', 'insurers', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', 'news']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33302,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMCD-N-V-16772177/news/IMCD-N-PR-Appointment-Dorthe-Mikkelsen-as-member-of-the-Supervisory-Board-45456763/,IMCD N : PR - Appointment Dorthe Mikkelsen as member of the Supervisory Board -November 28  2023 at 11:22 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   IMCD appoints Dorthe Mikkelsen as member of the Supervisory Board   ROTTERDAM  The Netherlands - IMCD N.V.   a global leading distribution partner  formulator of speciality chemicals and ingredients  announces th…,"Press releaseIMCD appoints Dorthe Mikkelsen as member of the Supervisory BoardROTTERDAM  The Netherlands (27 November 2023  18:00 CET) - IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading distribution partner  formulator of speciality chemicals and ingredients  announces that Mrs. Dorthe Mikkelsen has been appointed as member of the Supervisory Board at the Extraordinary General Meeting of IMCD N.V. held on 27 November 2023.The appointment is made with immediate effect and for a term expiring at the Annual General Meeting of 2028. More information on Dorthe Mikkelsen (1967  Danish nationality) is available in the press release of 13 October 2023 on her nomination  included in the EGM documentation available here.- xxx -This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 27 November 2023  18:00 hrs CET.About IMCD N.V.IMCD N.V. based in Rotterdam  The Netherlands  is a leading global distribution partner and formulator of speciality chemicals and ingredients. IMCD is an expert solutions provider and adds sustainable value to the supply chain. Every day professionals focus on providing the best service through commercial and operational excellence. The company is mindful of the role they play in creating a better planet for all and formulates with consciousness and executes with care  to address business challenges of tomorrow  in partnership and transparency.In 2022  with over 4 300 employees  IMCD realised a revenue of EUR 4 601 million.IMCD N.V.'s shares are traded at Euronext  Amsterdam (symbol: IMCD) and included in the Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices demonstrating best ESG practices.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.com.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.42,0.56,True,English,"['IMCD N', 'Dorthe Mikkelsen', 'Supervisory Board', 'PR', 'Appointment', 'member', 'November', '11:22', 'global leading distribution partner', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'leading global distribution partner', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'expert solutions provider', 'best ESG practices', 'IMCD N.V.', 'Mrs. Dorthe Mikkelsen', 'best service', 'Press release', 'Supervisory Board', 'The Netherlands', 'speciality chemicals', 'immediate effect', 'Danish nationality', 'EGM documentation', 'sustainable value', 'supply chain', 'operational excellence', 'business challenges', 'AMX indices', 'More information', 'inside information', 'member', 'ROTTERDAM', '27 November', '18:00 CET', 'Company', 'formulator', 'ingredients', 'appointment', 'term', '13 October', 'nomination', 'meaning', 'Article', '18:00 hrs', 'professionals', 'commercial', 'role', 'planet', 'consciousness', 'care', 'tomorrow', 'partnership', 'transparency', '4,300 employees', 'revenue', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'symbol', '25 companies', 'imcdgroup']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33303,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/29/dow-chemical-co-de-takes-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Dow Chemical Co. DE Takes Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Dow Chemical Co. DE purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 684 3…,Dow Chemical Co. DE purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 684 353 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $102 407 000. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF comprises approximately 13.3% of Dow Chemical Co. DE’s investment portfolio  making the stock its 3rd biggest holding. Dow Chemical Co. DE owned approximately 0.24% of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in RSP. Credit Suisse AG boosted its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 313.9% in the second quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 39 126 shares of the company’s stock worth $5 855 000 after purchasing an additional 29 673 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.6% in the 2nd quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 122 233 shares of the company’s stock worth $18 291 000 after buying an additional 718 shares during the last quarter. Ally Financial Inc. bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter valued at about $748 000. Summit Financial LLC purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter worth about $8 784 000. Finally  Buckingham Strategic Wealth LLC increased its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 51.8% during the second quarter. Buckingham Strategic Wealth LLC now owns 3 328 shares of the company’s stock worth $498 000 after buying an additional 1 136 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceNYSEARCA RSP traded up $1.16 on Wednesday  hitting $147.63. 1 047 384 shares of the stock traded hands  compared to its average volume of 4 590 083. The business’s fifty day moving average is $141.14 and its two-hundred day moving average is $145.65. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12 month low of $133.34 and a 12 month high of $155.77. The firm has a market capitalization of $41.73 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Dow Chemical Co. DE', 'Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Dow Chemical Co. DE', 'Buckingham Strategic Wealth LLC', 'fifty day moving average', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Summit Financial LLC', 'recent 13F filing', 'other institutional investors', 'Credit Suisse AG', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent SEC filing', 'Ally Financial Inc.', 'daily performance', 'average volume', 'Free Report', 'email address', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'BlackRock Inc.', '2nd quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'investment portfolio', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'new stake', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'Recommended Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'new position', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', '12 month low', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 29,673 shares', 'additional 718 shares', 'additional 1,136 shares', '684,353 shares', '39,126 shares', '122,233 shares', '3,328 shares', '1,047,384 shares', 'Securities', 'fund', 'company', 'holding', 'number', 'stakes', 'Wednesday', 'hands', 'business', 'firm', 'price', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,etfdailynews.com
33304,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BETER-BED-HOLDING-N-V-6317/news/Torqx-declares-offer-for-Beter-Bed-Holding-unconditional-95-14-of-Shares-now-tendered-or-committed-45465465/,Torqx declares offer for Beter Bed Holding unconditional; 95.14% of Shares now tendered or committed,(marketscreener.com) JOINT PRESS RELEASE This is a joint press release by Beter Bed Holding N.V. and 959 B.V.   a company controlled by Torqx Capital Partners . This joint press release is issued pursuant to the Article 16  paragraphs 1 and 2  Article 17 para…,"Official BETER BED HOLDING N.V. press releaseJOINT PRESS RELEASEThis is a joint press release by Beter Bed Holding N.V. (""Beter Bed Holding"" or the ""Company"") and 959 B.V. (the ""Offeror"")  a company controlled by Torqx Capital Partners (""Torqx""). This joint press release is issued pursuant to the Article 16  paragraphs 1 and 2  Article 17 paragraph 1 and Article 4  paragraph 3 of the Netherlands Decree in Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the recommended public offer by the Offeror for all the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Company (the ""Offer""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities in the Company. Any offer is only made by means of the offer memorandum (the ""Offer Memorandum"")  dated 4 October 2023  approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the ""AFM""). Terms not defined in this press release will have the meaning as set forth in the Offer Memorandum. This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful  including the United States.Torqx declares offer for Beter Bed Holding unconditional; 95.14% of Shares now tendered or committedA total of 95.14% of the Shares are now tendered or committed; 50.81% of the Shares have been tendered under the Offer and 44.33% of the Shares have been irrevocably committed to the Offeror.All Offer Conditions have been satisfied or waived.Torqx declares the Offer for Beter Bed Holding unconditional.Settlement of the Offer will take place on 1 December 2023.Remaining Shares can be tendered during the Post-Acceptance Period  commencing on 30 November 2023 and ending on 6 December 2023.Delisting from Euronext Amsterdam will take place on 29 December 2023.Uden  the Netherlands  29 November 2023 – With reference to the joint press releases dated 10 July 2023 and 4 October 2023 and the Offer Memorandum  Beter Bed Holding – the Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B – and Torqx Capital Partners (“Torqx”) are pleased to announce that Shares representing 95.14% of Beter Bed Holding's Outstanding Capital have been tendered under the Offer or have been irrevocably committed to the Offeror and that all other Offer Conditions have been satisfied. As a result  the Offeror declares the Offer unconditional (doet gestand). Shareholders who have not yet tendered their Shares may tender their Shares during the Post-Acceptance Period ending on 6 December 2023 at 17:40 hours CET.For the full PDF of the press release  please click on the link under attachment.Press photos can be downloaded here.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Beter Bed Holding', 'Torqx', 'offer', 'Shares', 'Official BETER BED HOLDING N.V. press release', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'joint press releases', 'Public Takeover Bids', '959 B.V.', 'other Offer Conditions', 'Torqx Capital Partners', 'Press photos', 'Outstanding Capital', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'United States', 'Post-Acceptance Period', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'full PDF', 'public offer', 'Netherlands Decree', 'offer memorandum', 'outstanding shares', 'Remaining Shares', 'Article 17 paragraph', 'Company', 'Offeror', 'paragraphs', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'AFM', 'Terms', 'meaning', 'publication', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'total', 'Settlement', 'place', '1 December', '30 November', '6 December', 'Delisting', '29 December', 'Uden', 'reference', '4 October', 'retail', 'wholesale', 'B2B', 'result', 'gestand', 'Shareholders', '17:40 hours', 'link', 'attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33305,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2788056/0/en/Torqx-declares-offer-for-Beter-Bed-Holding-unconditional-95-14-of-Shares-now-tendered-or-committed.html,Torqx declares offer for Beter Bed Holding unconditional; 95.14% of Shares now tendered or committed,"JOINT PRESS RELEASE    This is a joint press release by Beter Bed Holding N.V. (""Beter Bed Holding"" or the ""Company"") and 959 B.V. (the ""Offeror"")  a......","JOINT PRESS RELEASEThis is a joint press release by Beter Bed Holding N.V. (""Beter Bed Holding"" or the ""Company"") and 959 B.V. (the ""Offeror"")  a company controlled by Torqx Capital Partners (""Torqx""). This joint press release is issued pursuant to the Article 16  paragraphs 1 and 2  Article 17 paragraph 1 and Article 4  paragraph 3 of the Netherlands Decree in Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the recommended public offer by the Offeror for all the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Company (the ""Offer""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities in the Company. Any offer is only made by means of the offer memorandum (the ""Offer Memorandum"")  dated 4 October 2023  approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the ""AFM""). Terms not defined in this press release will have the meaning as set forth in the Offer Memorandum. This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful  including the United States.Torqx declares offer for Beter Bed Holding unconditional; 95.14% of Shares now tendered or committedA total of 95.14% of the Shares are now tendered or committed; 50.81% of the Shares have been tendered under the Offer and 44.33% of the Shares have been irrevocably committed to the Offeror.All Offer Conditions have been satisfied or waived.Torqx declares the Offer for Beter Bed Holding unconditional.Settlement of the Offer will take place on 1 December 2023.Remaining Shares can be tendered during the Post-Acceptance Period  commencing on 30 November 2023 and ending on 6 December 2023.Delisting from Euronext Amsterdam will take place on 29 December 2023.Uden  the Netherlands  29 November 2023 – With reference to the joint press releases dated 10 July 2023 and 4 October 2023 and the Offer Memorandum  Beter Bed Holding – the Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B – and Torqx Capital Partners (“Torqx”) are pleased to announce that Shares representing 95.14% of Beter Bed Holding's Outstanding Capital have been tendered under the Offer or have been irrevocably committed to the Offeror and that all other Offer Conditions have been satisfied. As a result  the Offeror declares the Offer unconditional (doet gestand). Shareholders who have not yet tendered their Shares may tender their Shares during the Post-Acceptance Period ending on 6 December 2023 at 17:40 hours CET.For the full PDF of the press release  please click on the link under attachment.Press photos can be downloaded here.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,mixed,0.26,0.3,0.44,True,English,"['Beter Bed Holding', 'Torqx', 'offer', 'Shares', 'Beter Bed Holding N.V.', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'joint press releases', 'other Offer Conditions', 'Torqx Capital Partners', '959 B.V.', 'Press photos', 'Outstanding Capital', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'United States', 'Post-Acceptance Period', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'full PDF', 'public offer', 'Netherlands Decree', 'offer memorandum', 'outstanding shares', 'Remaining Shares', 'Article 17 paragraph', 'Company', 'Offeror', 'paragraphs', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'AFM', 'Terms', 'meaning', 'publication', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'total', 'Settlement', 'place', '1 December', '30 November', '6 December', 'Delisting', '29 December', 'Uden', 'reference', '4 October', 'retail', 'wholesale', 'B2B', 'result', 'gestand', 'Shareholders', '17:40 hours', 'link', 'attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33306,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/29/natixis-sells-88-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Natixis Sells 88 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Natixis cut its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 0.1% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 83 963 shares of the company’s stock af…,Natixis cut its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 0.1% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 83 963 shares of the company’s stock after selling 88 shares during the quarter. Natixis’ holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $12 564 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at $26 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter worth $28 000. Bangor Savings Bank bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter worth $28 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter worth $29 000. Finally  Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter worth $30 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.8 %Shares of RSP stock opened at $147.66 on Wednesday. The business’s 50-day moving average price is $141.14 and its 200-day moving average price is $145.65. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12 month low of $133.34 and a 12 month high of $155.77. The firm has a market capitalization of $41.74 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Natixis', '88 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', '50-day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Several other institutional investors', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other hedge funds', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent reporting period', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'recent filing', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'new stake', 'Co. Ltd', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', '2nd quarter', '1st quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '12 month low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'RSP stock', 'Natixis', 'position', 'Securities', 'firm', '83,963 shares', 'company', '88 shares', 'holdings', 'end', 'stakes', 'Zurich', 'Wednesday', 'business', 'beta', 'transportation', '0.']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,etfdailynews.com
33307,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-and-Amazon-Web-Services-work-together-on-next-generation-Landing-Zone-adding-to-a-secure-and-45464751/,Atos : and Amazon Web Services work together on next generation Landing Zone adding to a secure and scalable platform -November 29  2023 at 12:08 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   Atos and Amazon Web Services work together on next generation Landing Zone adding to a secure and scalable platform     Las Vegas  USA and Paris  France - November 29  2023   Atos and Amazon Web Services today announce they co…,"Atos and Amazon Web Services work together on next generation Landing Zone adding to a secure and scalable platformAtos and Amazon Web Services (AWS) today announce they co-created a new  state-of-the-art Landing Zone  leveraging the new cloud-native AWS Landing Zone Accelerator and Control Tower services to deliver a sovereignty-ready  highly secure  fully automated  scalable and resilient platform. This next generation technology can be deployed in a matter of hours instead of weeks or months and be updated with just a click of a button.Atos has a long history of working with regulated industries such as healthcare  military  and defense services. The new Landing Zone as a Service offering will enable the company to meet the stringent needs and requirements in those fields to successfully migrate customers' highly regulated workloads to the AWS cloud. It will limit technical debt which can accompany IT deployment as a cost-effective and efficient path for clients' migration.This service can meet requirements of nearly any agency or entity with built-in modernization meant to keep up with changes over time. Customers can rely on Atos' automated  pipeline-based deployment capabilities to accelerate implementation with templates for industry regulated environments and ability to adapt to regional sovereignty constraints.Eric Terrell  Atos Hybrid Cloud and Infrastructure Head of Practice said ""We are thrilled to be offering end-to-end state-of-the-art managed cloud environments alongside AWS to help customers overcome barriers to sovereign cloud adoption with simplified and accelerated cloud management without compromising on security and compliance.""In November 2022  Atos announced CloudCatalyst for AWS  a fully managed portfolio offering that provides standardized  secured and compliant cloud environments and operations. It covers the design  deployment and management of customer landing zones deployed onto AWS cloud platform. It includes highly industrialized migration methodology to simplify the task of migrating mission-critical applications and workloads from being managed on-premise to the AWS Cloud for increased security  productivity  time and cost savings. The Landing Zone as a Service enhances the partnership enabling customers to supercharge their cloud adoption.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 105 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.About Tech FoundationsTech Foundations is the Atos Group business line leading in managed services  focusing on hybrid cloud infrastructure  employee experience and technology services  through decarbonized  automated and AI-enabled solutions. Its 52 000 employees advance what matters to the world's businesses  institutions and communities. It is present in 69 countries  with an annual revenue of € 6 billion.Press contactsCourtney Terlecki | courtney.terlecki@atos.net | +224-210-4355Isabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88",neutral,0.26,0.72,0.02,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['next generation Landing Zone', 'Amazon Web Services', 'scalable platform', 'Atos', 'secure', 'November', '12:08', 'new cloud-native AWS Landing Zone Accelerator', 'Tech Foundations Tech Foundations', 'next generation Landing Zone', 'automated, pipeline-based deployment capabilities', 'new Landing Zone', 'Atos Group business line', 'The Landing Zone', 'customer landing zones', 'next generation technology', 'art Landing Zone', 'regional sovereignty constraints', 'industrialized migration methodology', 'Amazon Web Services', 'Control Tower services', 'compliant cloud environments', 'industry regulated environments', 'sovereign cloud adoption', 'hybrid cloud infrastructure', 'AWS cloud platform', 'Atos Hybrid Cloud', 'secure information space', 'technology services', 'automated, scalable', 'decarbonized, automated', 'Infrastructure Head', 'scalable platform', 'resilient platform', 'IT deployment', 'defense services', 'decarbonization services', 'managed services', 'long history', 'stringent needs', 'technical debt', 'efficient path', ""clients' migration"", 'Eric Terrell', 'portfolio offering', 'standardized, secured', 'mission-critical applications', 'cost savings', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'employee experience', 'AI-enabled solutions', 'Press contacts', 'cloud management', 'regulated industries', 'regulated workloads', 'end solutions', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'Service offering', 'Courtney Terlecki', 'sovereignty-ready', 'matter', 'hours', 'weeks', 'months', 'click', 'button', 'healthcare', 'military', 'company', 'requirements', 'fields', 'cost-effective', 'agency', 'entity', 'modernization', 'changes', 'time', 'Customers', 'implementation', 'templates', 'ability', 'Practice', 'barriers', 'simplified', 'accelerated', 'security', 'compliance', 'November', 'CloudCatalyst', 'operations', 'design', 'task', 'premise', 'productivity', 'partnership', '105,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', '52,000 employees', 'businesses', 'institutions', 'communities', 'grange']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33308,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Biotalys-Provides-Company-Update-45457070/,Biotalys Provides Company Update,(marketscreener.com) Review by new CEO Kevin Helash leads to focus on core capabilities and organizational changes Ghent  BELGIUM   Nov. 29  2023 -- Press release – Regulated information – Inside information Progress to next-generation AGROBODY™ technology pl…,"Official BIOTALYS NV press releaseReview by new CEO Kevin Helash leads to focus on core capabilities and organizational changesGhent  BELGIUM   Nov. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – Regulated information – Inside information (*)Progress to next-generation AGROBODY™ technology platformUpdate on product pipeline and regulatory review for EVOCA™(**)CSO Dr. Carlo Boutton to drive all research and early development while Dr. Eva Van Hende to head regulatory and field development; COO Luc Maertens and CBO Patrick McDonnell leaving the companyManagement to host a conference call and live webcast today at 15:00 CET / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM EST  details belowBiotalys (Euronext – BTLS)  today provided a company update following a strategic review of the company by CEO Kevin Helash and the board of directors. The review leads to a shift to the second-generation AGROBODY™ technology to develop protein-based biocontrols for crop and food protection. This move to AGROBODY 2.0 entails organizational changes to concentrate resources on core R&D capabilities while focusing on obtaining registration for Biotalys’ first product candidate EVOCA.Kevin Helash  Chief Executive Officer of Biotalys  commented: “Since my appointment as CEO of Biotalys in early October  I have conducted a thorough review and am even more convinced of the power and potential of our AGROBODY Foundry™ platform and the company’s strategy. As an organization focused on creating sustainable crop protection products  we need to deliver on two fronts: one  to roll out the next-generation AGROBODY technology  which we believe will increase potency and efficacy of our bioactive agents with multiple modes of action while lowering cost of goods per hectare  allowing for a broader market penetration of our biocontrol products. And two  to ensure that the organization is set up to operate with a laser-like focus on execution while prudently managing costs.”The AGROBODY 2.0 technology platformBiotalys’ AGROBODY platform is based on VHH-technology already successfully applied in the pharmaceutical industry and Biotalys is pioneering this technology for agriculture. By applying a discovery method based on defined molecular targets  Biotalys is now pursuing novel opportunities to identify potent bioactive ingredients for use in crop protection. This AGROBODY 2.0 approach will therefore become the main focus of the R&D organization. It has the potential to clearly differentiate the company’s protein-based biocontrols from other biological solutions thanks to a larger range of modes of action to fight agricultural pests and diseases.With this new approach  Biotalys builds on EVOCA  the company’s first protein-based product candidate  which again showed convincing results in extension trials by academic institutes in the U.S. and trials by its business partners.Updated pipeline of protein-based biocontrolsIn view of the new approach  Biotalys has evaluated its pipeline and decided to focus on biofungicides and bioinsecticides. The company will proceed with the following programs:EVOCA  a biofungicide candidate aimed at targeting botrytis bunch rot and powdery mildew in fruits and vegetables; see below for a regulatory update;EVOCA NG (next generation)  a biofungicide program currently in development  with the same molecule as EVOCA but an optimized production process and formulation;BioFun-4  a biofungicide program aimed at targeting Oomycetes in fruits and vegetables;BioFun-6  a biofungicide program aimed at targeting botrytis  powdery mildew and anthracnose in fruits and vegetables;BioFun-7  a biofungicide program in collaboration with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation  aimed at targeting leafspot disease in cowpeas and other legumes;BioIns-2  a bioinsecticide program in collaboration with Syngenta Crop Protection  aimed at targeting key pests.A leadership and organization fit for purposeUnder the leadership of CEO Kevin Helash  the new executive committee comprises CSO Dr. Carlo Boutton  who takes responsibility for all early R&D activities  and CFO Douglas Minder. COO Luc Maertens and CBO Patrick McDonnell will leave the company and their roles will be consolidated into the new leadership. The senior management team is completed by Dr. Eva Van Hende  who will lead regulatory and field development; Sophie Snijders  Head of HR; and Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & Communications.The organizational changes will result in a reduction in headcount of 8 positions and annualized cost savings  leading to an approximate 10% reduction in operating expenses going forward. Together with savings realized during the current year and planned reductions in future spend  the company has revised its expected cash burn for FY 2023 from approximately €22 million to less than €20 million.Simon Moroney  Chairman of Biotalys  said: “I would like to thank Luc Maertens for his pivotal role in demonstrating that our AGROBODY biocontrols have outstanding promise as novel crop protection agents. I also thank Patrick McDonnell and our other departing colleagues for their contribution to Biotalys over the past years and wish them well in their future careers. Our new leadership is committed to driving implementation of the second-generation AGROBODY platform with the goal of maximising value for the company’s stakeholders and  ultimately  for growers.”Update on EVOCA’s regulatory reviewThe regulatory review of EVOCA is ongoing in both the United States and the European Union.In the U.S.  the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is evaluating the regulatory dossier  and we are working with industry experts to support our submission. As part of the ongoing dialogue and exchange of information with the authority  from time to time the EPA requests additional information  which is not uncommon considering the novelty of the product candidate. The company remains committed to responding to all requests for information in a timely and appropriate manner.In the E.U.  Biotalys received confirmation from the competent authority – the Dutch Board for the Authorisation of Plant Protection Products and Biocides (Ctgb) – that it had concluded the first review of all sections of the full data package. As a result  the Ctgb has requested additional information  which the company plans to provide in due course. If accepted  the authority will be able to finalise this first phase of the E.U. review and pass its assessment report to both EFSA and the European Member States for the next phase of the review at E.U. level.(*) This press release contains inside information to the extent that it relates to the changes at the level of the Executive Committee.(**) EVOCA™: Pending Registration. This product is not currently registered for sale or use in the United States  the European Union  or elsewhere and is not being offered for sale.Live webcast and conference callCompany management will host a live webcast today  29 November 2023 at 15:00 CET / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM EST.Webcast link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/avz2wgbpDial-in details: To ask questions live to the management  please also register for the conference call via https://register.vevent.com/register/BI1f6fce3935ef4e1e8243c13beccecc9aAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the 2022 annual report on the consolidated annual accounts and the half-year report for 2023.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.Attachments",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Company Update', 'Biotalys', 'Official BIOTALYS NV press release', 'CSO Dr. Carlo Boutton', 'Dr. Eva Van Hende', 'early R&D activities', 'core R&D capabilities', 'The AGROBODY 2.0 technology platform', 'sustainable crop protection products', 'next-generation AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'first protein-based product candidate', 'novel crop protection agents', 'first product candidate', 'AGROBODY Foundry™ platform', 'next-generation AGROBODY technology', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broader market penetration', 'Melinda Gates Foundation', 'CFO Douglas Minder', 'expected cash burn', 'R&D organization', 'Syngenta Crop Protection', 'second-generation AGROBODY™ technology', 'other biological solutions', 'other departing colle', 'potent bioactive ingredients', 'senior management team', 'COO Luc Maertens', 'CBO Patrick McDonnell', 'new executive committee', 'botrytis bunch rot', 'Biotalys’ AGROBODY platform', 'CEO Kevin Helash', 'core capabilities', 'bioactive agents', 'food protection', 'biocontrol products', 'novel opportunities', 'biofungicide candidate', 'AGROBODY 2.0 approach', 'AGROBODY biocontrols', 'product pipeline', 'early October', 'other legumes', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'new CEO', 'early development', 'new approach', 'organizational changes', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'conference call', 'live webcast', 'two fronts', 'laser-like focus', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'discovery method', 'molecular targets', 'main focus', 'larger range', 'agricultural pests', 'convincing results', 'academic institutes', 'U.S.', 'business partners', 'following programs', 'powdery mildew', 'next generation', 'biofungicide program', 'same molecule', 'production process', 'leafspot disease', 'bioinsecticide program', 'key pests', 'Sophie Snijders', 'Toon Musschoot', 'operating expenses', 'current year', 'future spend', 'Simon Moroney', 'pivotal role', 'outstanding promise', 'field development', 'company Management', 'Updated pipeline', 'strategic review', 'thorough review', 'new leadership', 'Regulated information', 'multiple modes', 'extension trials', 'approximate 10% reduction', 'regulatory update', 'EVOCA NG', 'regulatory review', 'cost savings', 'company update', 'EVOCA™', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Progress', 'research', '15:00 CET', '14:00 GMT', 'details', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'board', 'directors', 'shift', 'move', 'resources', 'registration', 'appointment', 'power', 'potential', 'strategy', 'potency', 'efficacy', 'action', 'goods', 'hectare', 'execution', 'costs', 'VHH-technology', 'agriculture', 'use', 'diseases', 'biofungicides', 'bioinsecticides', 'fruits', 'vegetables', 'formulation', 'Oomycetes', 'anthracnose', 'BioFun-7', 'collaboration', 'Bill', 'cowpeas', 'purpose', 'responsibility', 'roles', 'Head', 'Communications', '8 positions', 'reductions', 'FY', 'less', 'Chairman', '09:00']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33309,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45457163/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 29  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3031 £ 24.3299 Estimated MTD return 2.96 % 3.05 % Estimated YTD return -1.68 % -0.40 % Estimated ITD return 173.03 % 143.30 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.17 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -15.54 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 243.1168 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.3149The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33310,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NACON-103932529/news/NACON-FIRST-HALF-2023-24-RESULTS-English-version-45461479/,NACON: FIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS - English version -November 29  2023 at 07:18 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                 Press releaseLesquin  27 November 2023 - 6 p.m. CET FIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS PERFORMANCE AFFECTED BY A RELEASE SCHEDULE WEIGHTED TOWARDS THE SECOND HALFIMPROVEMENT IN MARGIN RATES: EBITDA OF €29.3 MILLION…,Official NACON press releasePress releaseLesquin  27 November 2023 - 6 p.m. CETFIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTSPERFORMANCE AFFECTED BY A RELEASE SCHEDULE WEIGHTED TOWARDS THE SECOND HALFIMPROVEMENT IN MARGIN RATES: EBITDA OF €29.3 MILLIONSTRONG  PROFITABLE GROWTH EXPECTED OVER THE FULL YEARNACON (ISIN FR0013482791) is today announcing its consolidated results for the first half of its 2023/24 financial year (six months from 1 April to 30 September 2023) as finalised by the Board of Directors in its meeting of 27 November 2023.Consolidated IFRS figures (€ million) First half2023/24 First half2022/23 Change Sales (non-IFRS) 70.8 77.5 -8.7% Adjustment for the partial disposal of Gollum (3.0) Sales (IFRS) 67.8 77.5 Gross profit% of revenue 43.564.2% 47.661.4% -8.5% EBITDA% of revenue 29.343.2% 24.431.4% +20.1%Operating income% of revenue 3.75.4% 9.812.7% -62.7% Financial income (expense)(2.2)1.3 Income before tax% of revenue 1.52.1% 11.114.3% -86.9% Income tax 1.8 (2.6) Net income for the period% of revenue 3.24.8% 8.410.9% -61.6%* This item has been classified under other operating income in the income statement  as required by IFRSs.In the first-half period  Catalogue sales (new games) were adversely affected by the limited release schedule. They amounted to €23.1 million  down 9% year-on-year. Back Catalogue sales (games released in previous years) were resilient at €21.2 million (down 1.8%)  and returned to growth in the second quarter. Sales in the Accessories business totalled €24.9 million. They rose sharply at the end of the period due to the upturn in the global market driven by the growing installed base of new consoles.The gross margin rate was 64.2%  an increase of almost 3 points year-on-year.EBITDA came in at €29.3 million  giving an EBITDA margin rate of 43.2% as opposed to 31.4% in the year-earlier period.Operating expenses remained under control and increased only slightly.After €25.6 million of depreciation and amortisation charges relating to non-current assets (€14.5 million in the first half of 2022/23)  operating income was €3.7 million  equal to 5.4% of sales.The increase in net financial expense was due to higher interest rates but above all negative exchange differences (foreign exchange loss of €0.5 million as opposed to a gain of €1.8 million in the year-earlier period).Firm financial position at a time of major developmentAt 30 September 2023  NACON had equity of €248.7 million as opposed to €242.6 million at 31 March 2023. It also had €19.6 million of cash and cash equivalents versus €47.6 million at 31 March 2023  since the Group has chosen to fund developments while reducing the amount of new borrowings.The value of NACON’s inventories also decreased relative to the previous financial year.Currently  50 games are under development  and the related assets have a carrying amount of €118.1 million.Funds from operations totalled €22.0 million during the first half.Full year 2023/24: Expected strong growth in sales and earningsThe second half of the 2023/24 financial year will see a busy release schedule  with over 10 new games expected during the period. Games released in the third quarter include Astérix & Obelix: Heroes TM  Cricket 24 Official Game of The Ashes TM Gangs of Sherwood TM and especially Robocop: Rogue City TM  NACON’s most successful ever launch. Games scheduled for release in the fourth quarter include War Hospital and Test Drive Unlimited: Solar Crown TM.Sales from the back catalogue are continuing to grow as it automatically expands with the addition of games released in previous years.Finally  the Accessories business will benefit from a more favourable base for comparison  growth in the installed base of Xbox series and PS5 consoles and the release of several high-potential products including the REVOLUTION 5 PRO controller and RIG 600 PRO headsets.With second-half business levels likely to be buoyant  NACON is confirming its expectation of strong growth in sales and operating income in its 2023/24 financial year.Next key event:Third-quarter 2023/24 sales: 23 January 2024 after the market closeABOUT NACON2022/2023 SALES:€156.0 millionWORKFORCEMore than 1 000 peopleINTERNATIONAL PRESENCE23 subsidiaries and a distribution network in 100 countrieshttps://corporate.nacongaming.com/ NACON is part of the Bigben group and was formed in 2019 to optimise its areas of expertise and generate synergies between them in the video game market. Combining its 16 development studios  AA video game publishing and the design and distribution of premium gaming peripherals  NACON has 30 years of expertise in serving gamers. This new unified business gives NACON a stronger position in its market and enables it to innovate by creating new and unique competitive advantages.Listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index: CAC Mid&SmallISIN: FR0013482791; Reuters: NACON.PA; Bloomberg: NACON:FP).CONTACT:Cap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.05,0.65,True,English,"['FIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS', 'English version', 'NACON', 'November', 'AA video game publishing', 'RELEASE SCHEDULE WEIGHTED TOWARDS', 'Official NACON press release', 'FIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS', 'Cricket 24 Official Game', 'Press release Lesquin', 'limited release schedule', 'busy release schedule', 'negative exchange differences', 'foreign exchange loss', 'several high-potential products', 'REVOLUTION 5 PRO controller', 'RIG 600 PRO headsets', 'Next key event', 'premium gaming peripherals', 'unique competitive advantages', 'CAC Mid&Small', 'Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet', 'gross margin rate', 'Rogue City TM', 'Solar Crown TM', 'video game market', 'higher interest rates', 'second-half business levels', 'Firm financial position', '2023/24 financial year', 'Third-quarter 2023/24 sales', 'new unified business', 'previous financial year', 'net financial expense', 'EBITDA margin rate', 'other operating income', 'Consolidated IFRS figures', 'Back Catalogue sales', 'consolidated results', 'MARGIN RATES', 'Financial income', 'Sherwood TM', 'Net income', 'Accessories business', 'stronger position', 'SECOND HALF', 'FULL YEAR', 'Operating expenses', 'six months', 'partial disposal', 'Income tax', 'income statement', 'previous years', 'second quarter', 'new consoles', 'amortisation charges', 'current assets', 'new borrowings', 'related assets', 'third quarter', 'Astérix', 'fourth quarter', 'War Hospital', 'Test Drive', 'Xbox series', 'PS5 consoles', 'INTERNATIONAL PRESENCE', 'Euronext Paris', 'global market', 'major development', '16 development studios', 'PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'first-half period', 'year-earlier period', 'strong growth', 'Change Sales', 'cash equivalents', 'carrying amount', 'The Ashes', 'distribution network', 'Bigben group', 'Cap Value', 'favourable base', 'new games', '30 years', '50 games', '27 November', 'CET', 'PERFORMANCE', 'IMPROVEMENT', 'MILLION', 'ISIN', '1 April', '30 September', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '7% Adjustment', 'Gollum', 'revenue', 'item', 'IFRSs', 'end', 'upturn', 'growing', 'increase', 'depreciation', 'non', 'gain', 'time', 'equity', '31 March', 'developments', 'inventories', 'Funds', 'operations', 'earnings', 'Obelix', 'Heroes', 'Gangs', 'Robocop', 'successful', 'launch', 'addition', 'comparison', 'expectation', 'ABOUT', 'WORKFORCE', 'More', '1,000 people', '23 subsidiaries', '100 countries', 'corporate', 'areas', 'expertise', 'synergies', 'design', 'serving', 'gamers', 'compartment', 'Index', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'CONTACT', 'capvalue', '1.3']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33311,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMAZON-COM-INC-12864605/news/Accor-Collaborates-With-AWS-to-Deliver-Exceptional-Guest-Experiences-45459049/,Accor Collaborates With AWS to Deliver Exceptional Guest Experiences,(marketscreener.com) Europe’s largest hospitality company works with AWS to enhance travel planning and booking  offering personalized recommendations and intuitive  conversational advicehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMAZON-COM-INC-12864605/ne…,Official AMAZON.COM  INC. press releaseEurope’s largest hospitality company works with AWS to enhance travel planning and booking  offering personalized recommendations and intuitive  conversational adviceAt AWS re:Invent  Amazon Web Services  Inc. (AWS)  an Amazon.com  Inc. company (NASDAQ: AMZN)  today announced that Accor S.A.  Europe’s largest hospitality company  has launched a first-of-its-kind generative artificial intelligence (generative AI) solution using AWS. Incorporating an intuitive conversational interface  Accor’s new Travel Assistant will empower guests to find the best experiences according to the style of travel they prefer  transforming the entire booking journey from inspiration to after their stay.Expanding its relationship with AWS  Accor worked closely with experts from AWS Innovation Program  AWS Prototyping  and AWS Professional Services on a customer innovation program to reinvent the guest travel experience  beginning with the Travel Assistant product  which will be incorporated into Accor’s booking platform ALL.com. Using Amazon Bedrock  a service that makes multiple foundation models available via an API  and Amazon SageMaker  a fully managed service to build  train  and deploy machine learning (ML) models  this powerful AI platform will replicate an expert travel agent service from initial inspiration through ongoing service following a guest’s stay. The Travel Assistant engages guests in a tailored discussion  meticulously crafting and refining a proposal of experiences designed to enhance their journey. Beyond rooms  it unveils activities  special offers  and experiences  such as wellness  food  and beverage choices  that guests might overlook in a traditional search.The Travel Assistant uses the ML and generative AI capabilities of AWS to learn from and pick up on guest preferences  allowing Accor to cater to the needs of multimodal guests  who combine business and leisure experiences into the same trip. Travel Assistant’s generative AI can recommend much more than just hotel locations and facilities  by using millions of online sources with information and trusted reviews to compile the most relevant local attractions across shopping  food  and entertainment. This enables Accor to offer guidance and inspiration to guests in the early stages of booking and guide them to its direct booking channels.The technology will streamline the booking process down to a matter of minutes  while increasing conversion rate and revenues and reducing call volumes at Accor’s contact center. At the same time  it will further Accor’s commitment to enriching its ALL member experience and maintaining top-tier guest satisfaction scores. The Travel Assistant also reflects the commitment of Accor and AWS to the highest data privacy standards. Fully GDPR-compliant  it enables guests to enjoy personalized travel experiences from the start of their booking journeys  trusting that their personal data remains secure.“Using Amazon Bedrock to develop our AI-based travel assistant demonstrates our commitment to offering our customers a wide universe of search possibilities but also simplified travel solutions ” said Jean-François Guilmard  chief data officer of Accor.“At Accor  we strive to improve our customers' experience every day ” said Myriam El Harraq  senior vice president  Brands  User Experience and Innovation at Accor. “Our collaboration with AWS is part of our commitment to innovation and our determination to harness the latest AI technologies to make travel easier  smarter  and more enjoyable.”“This is a powerful application of generative AI that demonstrates its potential to transform guest experiences  enabling innovation and helping businesses to do more ” said Steven M. Elinson  head of travel and hospitality at AWS. “AWS is working with Accor to anticipate and innovate what’s next using cloud capabilities. It’s great to see this technology deliver such impressive returns on investment  right from the start.”About Amazon Web ServicesSince 2006  Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud. AWS has been continually expanding its services to support virtually any workload  and it now has more than 200 fully featured services for compute  storage  databases  networking  analytics  machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI)  Internet of Things (IoT)  mobile  security  hybrid  virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR)  media  and application development  deployment  and management from 99 Availability Zones within 31 geographic regions  with announced plans for 15 more Availability Zones and five more AWS Regions in Canada  Israel  Malaysia  New Zealand  and Thailand. Millions of guests—including the fastest-growing startups  largest enterprises  and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure  become more agile  and lower costs. To learn more about AWS  visit aws.amazon.com.About AmazonAmazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus  passion for invention  commitment to operational excellence  and long-term thinking. Amazon strives to be Earth’s Most Customer -Centric Company  Earth’s Best Employer  and Earth’s Safest Place to Work. Customer reviews  1-Click shopping  personalized recommendations  Prime  Fulfillment by Amazon  AWS  Kindle Direct Publishing  Kindle  Career Choice  Fire tablets  Fire TV  Amazon Echo  Alexa  Just Walk Out technology  Amazon Studios  and The Climate Pledge are some of the things pioneered by Amazon. For more information  visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.About AccorAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231129025758/en/,neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,positive,0.76,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Exceptional Guest Experiences', 'Accor', 'AWS', 'highest data privacy standards', 'top-tier guest satisfaction scores', 'expert travel agent service', 'machine learning (ML) models', 'multiple foundation models', 'intuitive, conversational advice', 'intuitive conversational interface', 'relevant local attractions', 'Jean-François Guilmard', 'chief data officer', 'Myriam El Harraq', 'senior vice president', 'Steven M. Elinson', 'leading government agencies', '200 fully featured services', 'ALL member experience', 'latest AI technologies', 'Travel Assistant product', 'The Travel Assistant', 'AI-based travel assistant', 'generative AI) solution', 'direct booking channels', 'new Travel Assistant', 'Amazon Web Services', 'largest hospitality company', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'Official AMAZON.COM', 'generative AI capabilities', 'powerful AI platform', 'guest travel experience', 'customer innovation program', 'Accor S.A.', 'entire booking journey', 'AWS Professional Services', 'personalized travel experiences', 'AWS Innovation Program', 'personal data', 'Inc. company', 'largest enterprises', 'personalized recommendations', 'booking platform', 'User Experience', 'powerful application', 'New Zealand', 'customer obsession', 'travel planning', 'travel solutions', 'guest preferences', 'guest experiences', 'Amazon Bedrock', 'Amazon SageMaker', 'ongoing service', 'tailored discussion', 'special offers', 'beverage choices', 'traditional search', 'same trip', 'hotel locations', 'online sources', 'trusted reviews', 'early stages', 'booking process', 'conversion rate', 'call volumes', 'contact center', 'same time', 'booking journeys', 'wide universe', 'search possibilities', ""customers' experience"", 'cloud capabilities', 'impressive returns', 'augmented reality', 'application development', '99 Availability Zones', '31 geographic regions', 'growing startups', 'lower costs', 'four principles', 'competitor focus', 'best experiences', 'leisure experiences', 'AWS Prototyping', 'initial inspiration', 'AWS Regions', 'multimodal guests', 'Europe', 'Invent', 'NASDAQ', 'AMZN', 'kind', 'style', 'stay', 'relationship', 'experts', 'API', 'proposal', 'rooms', 'activities', 'wellness', 'food', 'needs', 'business', 'facilities', 'millions', 'information', 'shopping', 'entertainment', 'guidance', 'technology', 'matter', 'minutes', 'revenues', 'commitment', 'Brands', 'collaboration', 'part', 'determination', 'potential', 'head', 'investment', 'world', 'comprehensive', 'workload', 'compute', 'storage', 'databases', 'networking', 'analytics', 'Internet', 'Things', 'IoT', 'mobile', 'security', 'hybrid', 'virtual', 'VR', 'media', 'deployment', 'management', 'plans', 'five', 'Canada', 'Israel', 'Malaysia', 'Thailand', 'infrastructure', 'passion', 'operational', '15']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33312,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2787551/0/en/Daphne-Engelke-to-be-appointed-as-CEO-of-Van-Lanschot-Kempen-Switzerland-succeeding-Susan-Leerkes.html,Daphne Engelke to be appointed as CEO of Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland  succeeding Susan Leerkes,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  29 November 2023  Van Lanschot Kempen today announced the appointment of Daphne Engelke as CEO of Van...,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  29 November 2023Van Lanschot Kempen today announced the appointment of Daphne Engelke as CEO of Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland as of 1 July 2024. She will succeed Susan Leerkes  who will become Regional Director West at Van Lanschot Kempen Private Banking in the Netherlands.Daphne Engelke joins Van Lanschot Kempen from UBS Wealth Management. Since 2005  she has built up a wide range of experience in senior management positions  leading both specialist and client-facing teams. Most recently  she was Lead Market Head for the Netherlands and responsible for the ultra-high net-worth (UNHW) segment in the Benelux region as a Managing Director. She is also a Senior Family Adviser  advising on family governance  family office set-up and next-generation development. Coming from a family business background herself  Daphne has extensive personal experience in this area. She and her family have lived in Switzerland for over 20 years.Susan Leerkes has a career in the Dutch financial services industry spanning more than 25 years. Prior to joining Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland  she was Director of Private Banking for the Amsterdam  Hilversum and Laren offices from 2017 until 2022. Under her leadership  Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland has achieved further growth in assets under management. As Regional Director West in the Netherlands  Susan will focus on enhancing commercial momentum and delivering an excellent experience for Van Lanschot Kempen’s clients together with the teams in this region.Richard Bruens  a member of Van Lanschot Kempen’s Management Board  said: “We’re appointing two strong leaders in key areas of our markets. Susan combines the ability to create a personal and relevant experience for our clients with a big heart for her team. This  coupled with the focus she’s inspired on alignment and cooperation with our teams in the Netherlands  puts our private bank in Switzerland in a strong place for further success. I’m convinced she’ll bring that same energy to her next role and I look forward to continuing our work together.“With her vast experience in the UHNW segment  Daphne will add a valuable perspective  providing a catalyst for growth. She’ll focus on expanding our service offering to entrepreneurs and family offices who are looking for diversification and want to be advised on all dimensions of wealth. And  with her people-centric leadership and entrepreneurial drive  Daphne will further enhance Van Lanschot Switzerland's standing as the employer of choice for international wealth managers in the Benelux region.”Daphne Engelke will join Van Lanschot Kempen as of 1 March 2024 and assume the CEO role from 1 July 2024. Her appointment is subject to regulatory approval. Susan Leerkes will start in her new role as of 1 September 2024  after settling in the Netherlands with her family.Founded in Zurich in 1995  Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland has developed into the wealth manager of choice for many internationally focused Dutch and Belgian clients. It is currently the only Dutch bank in Switzerland  with offices in Zurich and Geneva.Media RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85 mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsTosca HoltlandT +31 20 354 45 90 investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot Kempen NVVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and nonfinancial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereofAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.23,0.15,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland', 'Daphne Engelke', 'Susan Leerkes', 'CEO', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Private Banking', 'Dutch financial services industry', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Van Lanschot Switzerland', 'Maud van Gaal', 'Lead Market Head', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'two strong leaders', 'international wealth managers', 'Regional Director West', 'senior management positions', 'Senior Family Adviser', 'family office set-up', 'family business background', 'Important legal information', 'UBS Wealth Management', 'extensive personal experience', 'positive financial', 'financial instrument', 'investment banking', 'Dutch bank', 'strong place', 'Managing Director', 'Management Board', 'investment management', 'family governance', 'wide range', 'ultra-high net-worth', 'UNHW) segment', 'next-generation development', 'commercial momentum', 'excellent experience', 'Richard Bruens', 'key areas', 'relevant experience', 'big heart', 'same energy', 'next role', 'vast experience', 'UHNW segment', 'valuable perspective', 'service offering', 'entrepreneurial drive', 'regulatory approval', 'new role', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Tosca Holtland', 'sustainable way', 'nonfinancial value', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'other way', 'family offices', 'Benelux region', 'Laren offices', 'Susan Leerkes', 'Daphne Engelke', 'people-centric leadership', 'CEO role', 'long-term focus', 'client-facing teams', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Belgian clients', 'Hertogenbosch', 'appointment', '1 July', '20 years', 'career', '25 years', 'Hilversum', 'growth', 'assets', 'member', 'markets', 'ability', 'alignment', 'cooperation', 'success', 'work', 'catalyst', 'entrepreneurs', 'diversification', 'dimensions', 'standing', 'employer', 'choice', '1 March', '1 September', 'Zurich', 'internationally', 'Geneva', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'society', 'part', 'history', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33313,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Daphne-Engelke-to-be-appointed-as-CEO-of-Van-Lanschot-Kempen-Switzerland-succeeding-Susan-Leerkes-45460063/,Daphne Engelke to be appointed as CEO of Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland  succeeding Susan Leerkes,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  29 November 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen today announced the appointment of Daphne Engelke as CEO of Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland as of 1 July 2024. She will succeed Susan Leerkes  who will beco…,Official VAN LANSCHOT KEMPEN N.V press releaseAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  29 November 2023Van Lanschot Kempen today announced the appointment of Daphne Engelke as CEO of Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland as of 1 July 2024. She will succeed Susan Leerkes  who will become Regional Director West at Van Lanschot Kempen Private Banking in the Netherlands.Daphne Engelke joins Van Lanschot Kempen from UBS Wealth Management. Since 2005  she has built up a wide range of experience in senior management positions  leading both specialist and client-facing teams. Most recently  she was Lead Market Head for the Netherlands and responsible for the ultra-high net-worth (UNHW) segment in the Benelux region as a Managing Director. She is also a Senior Family Adviser  advising on family governance  family office set-up and next-generation development. Coming from a family business background herself  Daphne has extensive personal experience in this area. She and her family have lived in Switzerland for over 20 years.Susan Leerkes has a career in the Dutch financial services industry spanning more than 25 years. Prior to joining Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland  she was Director of Private Banking for the Amsterdam  Hilversum and Laren offices from 2017 until 2022. Under her leadership  Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland has achieved further growth in assets under management. As Regional Director West in the Netherlands  Susan will focus on enhancing commercial momentum and delivering an excellent experience for Van Lanschot Kempen’s clients together with the teams in this region.Richard Bruens  a member of Van Lanschot Kempen’s Management Board  said: “We’re appointing two strong leaders in key areas of our markets. Susan combines the ability to create a personal and relevant experience for our clients with a big heart for her team. This  coupled with the focus she’s inspired on alignment and cooperation with our teams in the Netherlands  puts our private bank in Switzerland in a strong place for further success. I’m convinced she’ll bring that same energy to her next role and I look forward to continuing our work together.“With her vast experience in the UHNW segment  Daphne will add a valuable perspective  providing a catalyst for growth. She’ll focus on expanding our service offering to entrepreneurs and family offices who are looking for diversification and want to be advised on all dimensions of wealth. And  with her people-centric leadership and entrepreneurial drive  Daphne will further enhance Van Lanschot Switzerland's standing as the employer of choice for international wealth managers in the Benelux region.”Daphne Engelke will join Van Lanschot Kempen as of 1 March 2024 and assume the CEO role from 1 July 2024. Her appointment is subject to regulatory approval. Susan Leerkes will start in her new role as of 1 September 2024  after settling in the Netherlands with her family.Founded in Zurich in 1995  Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland has developed into the wealth manager of choice for many internationally focused Dutch and Belgian clients. It is currently the only Dutch bank in Switzerland  with offices in Zurich and Geneva.Media RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85 mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsTosca HoltlandT +31 20 354 45 90 investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot Kempen NVVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and nonfinancial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereofAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.27,0.13,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland', 'Daphne Engelke', 'Susan Leerkes', 'CEO', 'Official VAN LANSCHOT KEMPEN N.V press release', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Private Banking', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Dutch financial services industry', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Switzerland', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Van Lanschot Switzerland', 'Maud van Gaal', 'Lead Market Head', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'two strong leaders', 'international wealth managers', 'Regional Director West', 'senior management positions', 'Senior Family Adviser', 'family office set-up', 'family business background', 'Important legal information', 'UBS Wealth Management', 'extensive personal experience', 'positive financial', 'financial instrument', 'investment banking', 'Dutch bank', 'strong place', 'Managing Director', 'Management Board', 'investment management', 'family governance', 'wide range', 'ultra-high net-worth', 'next-generation development', 'commercial momentum', 'excellent experience', 'Richard Bruens', 'key areas', 'relevant experience', 'big heart', 'same energy', 'next role', 'vast experience', 'UHNW segment', 'valuable perspective', 'service offering', 'entrepreneurial drive', 'regulatory approval', 'new role', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Tosca Holtland', 'sustainable way', 'nonfinancial value', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'other way', 'family offices', 'Benelux region', 'Laren offices', 'Susan Leerkes', 'Daphne Engelke', 'people-centric leadership', 'CEO role', 'long-term focus', 'client-facing teams', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Belgian clients', 'Hertogenbosch', 'appointment', '1 July', '20 years', 'career', '25 years', 'Hilversum', 'growth', 'assets', 'member', 'markets', 'ability', 'alignment', 'cooperation', 'success', 'work', 'catalyst', 'entrepreneurs', 'diversification', 'dimensions', 'standing', 'employer', 'choice', '1 March', '1 September', 'Zurich', 'internationally', 'Geneva', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'society', 'part', 'history', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment', '29']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33314,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6007890423767204,Accor Collaborates With AWS to Deliver Exceptional Guest Experiences,Europe&#x2019;s largest hospitality company works with AWS to enhance travel planning and booking  offering personalized recommendations and intuitive  conversational advice           At AWS re:Invent      Amazon Web Services  Inc. (AWS)  an Amazon.com...,Accor Collaborates With AWS to Deliver Exceptional Guest ExperiencesEurope’s largest hospitality company works with AWS to enhance travel planning and booking  offering personalized recommendations and intuitive  conversational adviceAt AWS re:Invent  Amazon Web Services  Inc. (AWS)  an Amazon.com  Inc. company (NASDAQ: AMZN)  today announced that Accor S.A.  Europe’s largest hospitality company  has launched a first-of-its-kind generative artificial intelligence (generative AI) solution using AWS. Incorporating an intuitive conversational interface  Accor’s new Travel Assistant will empower guests to find the best experiences according to the style of travel they prefer  transforming the entire booking journey from inspiration to after their stay.Expanding its relationship with AWS  Accor worked closely with experts from AWS Innovation Program  AWS Prototyping  and AWS Professional Services on a customer innovation program to reinvent the guest travel experience  beginning with the Travel Assistant product  which will be incorporated into Accor’s booking platform ALL.com. Using Amazon Bedrock   a service that makes multiple foundation models available via an API  and Amazon SageMaker   a fully managed service to build  train  and deploy machine learning (ML) models  this powerful AI platform will replicate an expert travel agent service from initial inspiration through ongoing service following a guest’s stay. The Travel Assistant engages guests in a tailored discussion  meticulously crafting and refining a proposal of experiences designed to enhance their journey. Beyond rooms  it unveils activities  special offers  and experiences  such as wellness  food  and beverage choices  that guests might overlook in a traditional search.The Travel Assistant uses the ML and generative AI capabilities of AWS to learn from and pick up on guest preferences  allowing Accor to cater to the needs of multimodal guests  who combine business and leisure experiences into the same trip. Travel Assistant’s generative AI can recommend much more than just hotel locations and facilities  by using millions of online sources with information and trusted reviews to compile the most relevant local attractions across shopping  food  and entertainment. This enables Accor to offer guidance and inspiration to guests in the early stages of booking and guide them to its direct booking channels.The technology will streamline the booking process down to a matter of minutes  while increasing conversion rate and revenues and reducing call volumes at Accor’s contact center. At the same time  it will further Accor’s commitment to enriching its ALL member experience and maintaining top-tier guest satisfaction scores. The Travel Assistant also reflects the commitment of Accor and AWS to the highest data privacy standards. Fully GDPR-compliant  it enables guests to enjoy personalized travel experiences from the start of their booking journeys  trusting that their personal data remains secure.“Using Amazon Bedrock to develop our AI-based travel assistant demonstrates our commitment to offering our customers a wide universe of search possibilities but also simplified travel solutions ” said Jean-François Guilmard  chief data officer of Accor.“At Accor  we strive to improve our customers' experience every day ” said Myriam El Harraq  senior vice president  Brands  User Experience and Innovation at Accor. “Our collaboration with AWS is part of our commitment to innovation and our determination to harness the latest AI technologies to make travel easier  smarter  and more enjoyable.”“This is a powerful application of generative AI that demonstrates its potential to transform guest experiences  enabling innovation and helping businesses to do more ” said Steven M. Elinson  head of travel and hospitality at AWS. “AWS is working with Accor to anticipate and innovate what’s next using cloud capabilities. It’s great to see this technology deliver such impressive returns on investment  right from the start.”About Amazon Web ServicesSince 2006  Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud. AWS has been continually expanding its services to support virtually any workload  and it now has more than 200 fully featured services for compute  storage  databases  networking  analytics  machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI)  Internet of Things (IoT)  mobile  security  hybrid  virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR)  media  and application development  deployment  and management from 99 Availability Zones within 31 geographic regions  with announced plans for 15 more Availability Zones and five more AWS Regions in Canada  Israel  Malaysia  New Zealand  and Thailand. Millions of guests—including the fastest-growing startups  largest enterprises  and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure  become more agile  and lower costs. To learn more about AWS  visit aws.amazon.com .About AmazonAmazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus  passion for invention  commitment to operational excellence  and long-term thinking. Amazon strives to be Earth’s Most Customer -Centric Company  Earth’s Best Employer  and Earth’s Safest Place to Work. Customer reviews  1-Click shopping  personalized recommendations  Prime  Fulfillment by Amazon  AWS  Kindle Direct Publishing  Kindle  Career Choice  Fire tablets  Fire TV  Amazon Echo  Alexa  Just Walk Out technology  Amazon Studios  and The Climate Pledge are some of the things pioneered by Amazon. For more information  visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews .About AccorAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231129025758/en/Amazon.com  Inc.Media HotlineAmazon-pr@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/pr,neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Exceptional Guest Experiences', 'Accor', 'AWS', 'highest data privacy standards', 'top-tier guest satisfaction scores', 'expert travel agent service', 'machine learning (ML) models', 'multiple foundation models', 'intuitive, conversational advice', 'intuitive conversational interface', 'relevant local attractions', 'Jean-François Guilmard', 'chief data officer', 'Myriam El Harraq', 'senior vice president', 'Steven M. Elinson', 'leading government agencies', '200 fully featured services', 'ALL member experience', 'latest AI technologies', 'Travel Assistant product', 'The Travel Assistant', 'AI-based travel assistant', 'generative AI) solution', 'direct booking channels', 'new Travel Assistant', 'largest hospitality company', 'Amazon Web Services', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'generative AI capabilities', 'Exceptional Guest Experiences', 'guest travel experience', 'powerful AI platform', 'customer innovation program', 'Accor S.A.', 'entire booking journey', 'AWS Professional Services', 'personalized travel experiences', 'AWS Innovation Program', 'personal data', 'Inc. company', 'largest enterprises', 'personalized recommendations', 'booking platform', 'guest preferences', 'User Experience', 'powerful application', 'New Zealand', 'customer obsession', 'travel planning', 'travel solutions', 'Amazon.com', 'best experiences', 'Amazon Bedrock', 'Amazon SageMaker', 'ongoing service', 'tailored discussion', 'special offers', 'beverage choices', 'traditional search', 'leisure experiences', 'same trip', 'hotel locations', 'online sources', 'trusted reviews', 'early stages', 'booking process', 'conversion rate', 'call volumes', 'contact center', 'same time', 'booking journeys', 'wide universe', 'search possibilities', ""customers' experience"", 'cloud capabilities', 'impressive returns', 'augmented reality', 'application development', '99 Availability Zones', '31 geographic regions', 'growing startups', 'lower costs', 'four principles', 'competitor focus', 'AWS Prototyping', 'initial inspiration', 'AWS Regions', 'multimodal guests', 'Europe', 'Invent', 'NASDAQ', 'AMZN', 'kind', 'style', 'stay', 'relationship', 'experts', 'API', 'proposal', 'rooms', 'activities', 'wellness', 'food', 'needs', 'business', 'facilities', 'millions', 'information', 'shopping', 'entertainment', 'guidance', 'technology', 'matter', 'minutes', 'revenues', 'commitment', 'Brands', 'collaboration', 'part', 'determination', 'potential', 'head', 'investment', 'world', 'comprehensive', 'workload', 'compute', 'storage', 'databases', 'networking', 'analytics', 'Internet', 'Things', 'IoT', 'mobile', 'security', 'hybrid', 'virtual', 'VR', 'media', 'deployment', 'management', 'plans', 'five', 'Canada', 'Israel', 'Malaysia', 'Thailand', 'infrastructure', 'passion', '15']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,investorsobserver.com
33315,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2787469/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3031 £ 24.3299 Estimated MTD return 2.96 % 3.05 % Estimated YTD return -1.68 % -0.40 % Estimated ITD return 173.03 % 143.30 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.17 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -15.54 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 243.1168 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.3149The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33316,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45457162/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 29  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3031 £ 24.3299 Estimated MTD return 2.96 % 3.05 % Estimated YTD return -1.68 % -0.40 % Estimated ITD return 173.03 % 143.30 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.17 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -15.54 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 243.1168 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.3149The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33317,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2787461/0/en/Sequana-Medical-announces-positive-data-from-non-randomized-cohort-in-US-Phase-1-2a-MOJAVE-study-of-DSR-2-0-for-treatment-of-heart-failure.html,Sequana Medical announces positive data from non-randomized cohort in US Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study of DSR® 2.0 for treatment of heart failure,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION – INSIDE INFORMATION29 November 2023  07:00 am CET   Data from all three patients in non-randomized cohort...,"PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION – INSIDE INFORMATION29 November 2023  07:00 am CETData from all three patients in non-randomized cohort treated with DSR 2.0 indicate safe and effective maintenance of euvolemia without the need for loop diuretics  considerable benefit in cardiorenal status and dramatic improvement in diuretic response and loop diuretic requirements up to 11 weeks post DSR treatmentDSMBi review planned for early Q1 2024 to approve start of randomized controlled cohort of up to 30 US patientsGhent  Belgium – 29 November 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that all three patients from the non-randomized cohort of the MOJAVE study were successfully treated with DSR 2.0. Data from the third patient show similar beneficial effects of DSR therapy as reported previously in the first two patientsii.Dr. Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “We are delighted to see the timely execution of the non-randomized cohort and the encouraging outcomes of our DSR therapy in these first three US patients with diuretic-resistant heart failure. These data strengthen our confidence in a positive independent DSMB review scheduled for early Q1 2024  and we look foward to the commencement of the randomized cohort in up to 30 US patients. This critical next phase will facilitate a comparison between our innovative DSR therapy and conventional loop diuretics  reaffirming our commitment to providing transformative solutions for patients with high unmet medical need.”Positive data from non-randomized cohort of MOJAVE studyAll three patients treated in the non-randomized cohort of the MOJAVE study had heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) and severe diuretic resistance at baseline (mean furosemide equivalent dose of 1 227 mg per day). At the start of the study treatment period  loop diuretics were withheld  and patients were treated with DSR 2.0 up to daily for four weeks.During the four-week DSR treatment period  all three patients maintained euvolemia without the need of loop diuretics and showed improved cardiorenal status post-treatment. Their diuretic responseiii nearly normalized with a mean increase of 324% in their six-hour urinary sodium excretion post-treatment vs baseline. These interim data also show a broad improvement in their kidney function with a a mean improvement in eGFRiv of 47% and blood urea nitrogenv of 57% post-treatment vs baseline. Since patients had HFpEF  their NT-proBNPvi levels were within normal ranges at baseline and were maintained post-treatment  indicating that their stable cardiovascular status was preserved.The need for loop diuretics was dramatically reduced or even completely eliminated following completion of the four-week DSR treatment period (see table below)  which the Company believes is a demonstration of the durable improvement in cardio-renal health of the patient and supports DSR’s mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. In addition  none of the patients needed to be hospitalized for congestion since the start of the study.Patient No. of weeks after last DSR therapy Reduction in furosemide equivalent dose vs. baseline 1 11.4 97% 2 6.4 100% 3 1.4 100%To date  no clinically relevant changes in serum sodium levels or progressive hyponatremia were observed and no serious adverse events occurred  indicating that DSR 2.0 was safe and well tolerated in these first three US patients.All three patients are currently in the three-month safety follow-up period and their data will be reviewed by an independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) planned in early Q1 2024 to approve the start of the randomized controlled cohort of up to a further 30 patients.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579About the MOJAVE studyMOJAVE is a randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a study in the US to evaluate the safety and efficacy of DSR 2.0  Sequana Medical’s second-generation DSR product (administered via a peritoneal dialysis (PD) catheter)  in diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion. The objective is to validate the positive results from the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies in US patients using DSR 2.0.The study has started with a non-randomized cohort of three patients treated with DSR 2.0 on top of optimized usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks  followed by a three-month safety follow-up period (with an initial review after 30 days). Following review and approval of the non-randomized cohort data by the independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) planned for early Q1 2024  up to a further 30 patients will be enrolled in the multi-center randomized cohort. The intention is for up to 20 patients to be treated with DSR 2.0 on top of optimized usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks  and for up to ten patients treated with intravenous loop diuretics alone as part of maximized usual care for congestive heart failure.Primary and secondary safety and efficacy endpoints include the rate of adverse and serious adverse events and the improvement in diuretic response (measured as a six-hour urine sodium output) from baseline through the end of the treatment period. Exploratory endpoints measured from baseline through the end of the treatment period include change in weight (volume status)  creatinine (a marker of renal function)  natriuretic peptides (a marker of heart failure) and New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class; and the number of heart failure related rehospitalizations.About DSR  a disease-modifying heart failure drug therapy tackling cardiorenal syndrome (CRS)Cardiorenal syndrome is a key clinical challenge in heart failure and results from the combined vicious cycle of dysfunction of the heart and kidney with hypothesised complex and interconnected mechanisms such as aberrations in hemodynamic  neurohormonal  inflammatory  and sodium handling pathways. Despite the complex multidimensional pathophysiology  the resultant clinical profile is thought to manifest as a self-reinforcing negative feedback cycle characterized by decreased glomerular filtration  increased renal sodium avidity  and congestion  despite escalating diuretic doses.No current therapies have been shown to improve patient outcomes in this complex and poorly understood indication. Reducing congestion is a key element of therapy but loop diuretics exacerbate many of the core mechanisms thought to underly CRS  thus even worsening diuretic resistance and CRS. Through effective control of the volume status for an extended period of time and thereby avoiding the negative consequences of loop diuretics  DSR has the potential to break the negative feedback cycle of this important indication with clear unmet clinical needs.Extensive analysis of validated biomarkers from patients in the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies shows the benefit from DSR therapy on i) volume status  ii) normalized diuretic response and dramatically reduced loop diuretic dosing  iii) improvement in kidney function  iv) neurohormonal status and signalling  as well as v) cardiovascular parameters. In these patients there were no congestion-related re-hospitalizations  a one class improvement in their NYHAvii status and a reduction of 75% in their predicated one-year mortality (based on the Seattle Heart Failure model).Data from the RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies have been submitted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  untolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population. alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company has reported positive primary and secondary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and is on track to file a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA by year end.Detailed biomarker analysis from the RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies in heart failure indicate DSR’s mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0 is ongoing  seeking to confirm the strong efficacy seen in the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies. All three patients from the non-randomized cohort have been successfully treated with DSR 2.0  and the randomized cohort of up to a further 30 patients will start following DSMB approval  planned for Q1 2024.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to liver cirrhosis. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.i DSMB: Data Safety Monitoring Boardii Initial data reported in Press release of 18 October 2023iii Diuretic response assessed by 6-hour excretion of sodium after IV administration of 40mg furosemideiv eGFR: estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate  a measure of kidney functionv Blood urea nitrogen is a waste product normally cleared by the kidneysvi NT-proBNP: N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide  a key cardiac function parametervii NYHA: New York Heart Association classification (data collected outside study protocols of RED DESERT and SAHARA)Attachments",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,mixed,0.47,0.27,0.26,True,English,"['US Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study', 'Sequana Medical', 'positive data', 'randomized cohort', 'heart failure', 'DSR®', 'treatment', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a study', 'diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', 'Dr. Oliver Gödje', 'six-hour urinary sodium excretion', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'mean furosemide equivalent dose', 'high unmet medical need', 'four-week DSR treatment period', 'first three US patients', 'critical next phase', 'up to four weeks', 'diuretic-resistant heart failure', 'first two patientsii', 'multi-center randomized cohort', 'positive independent DSMB review', 'randomized controlled cohort', 'similar beneficial effects', 'blood urea nitrogenv', 'serum sodium levels', 'serious adverse events', 'Safety Monitoring Board', 'congestive heart failure', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'severe diuretic resistance', 'stable cardiovascular status', 'study treatment period', 'second-generation DSR product', 'loop diuretic requirements', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'up to 20 patients', 'conventional loop diuretics', 'innovative DSR therapy', 'last DSR therapy', 'randomized cohort data', 'mean increase', 'mean improvement', 'positive results', 'three patients', '30 US patients', 'diuretic response', 'NT-proBNPvi levels', 'cardiorenal status', 'Positive data', 'independent Data', 'DSMBi review', 'initial review', 'MOJAVE study', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'effective maintenance', 'considerable benefit', 'dramatic improvement', 'early Q1', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fluid overload', 'liver disease', 'timely execution', 'encouraging outcomes', 'transformative solutions', 'ejection fraction', 'broad improvement', 'kidney function', 'normal ranges', 'durable improvement', 'cardio-renal health', 'vicious cycle', 'cardiorenal syndrome', 'relevant changes', 'progressive hyponatremia', 'peritoneal dialysis', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA studies', 'usual care', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'third patient', 'interim data', 'Patient No.', 'persistent congestion', '30 patients', '11 weeks', 'DSR 2.0', 'November', 'CET', 'euvolemia', 'start', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'confidence', 'commencement', 'comparison', 'commitment', 'HFpEF', 'baseline', '1,227 mg', 'day', 'eGFRiv', '57% post-treatment', 'completion', 'demonstration', 'mechanism', 'addition', 'none', 'Reduction', 'date', 'efficacy', 'objective', 'top', 'approval', 'intention']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33318,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SEQUANA-MEDICAL-N-V-54548256/news/Sequana-Medical-N-announces-positive-data-from-non-randomized-cohort-in-US-Phase-1-2a-MOJAVE-study-45464505/,Sequana Medical N : announces positive data from non-randomized cohort in US Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study of DSR® 2.0 for treatment of heart failure -November 29  2023 at 11:43 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASE   REGULATED INFORMATION - INSIDE INFORMATION   29 November 2023  07:00 am CET    Data from all three patients in non-randomized cohort treated with DSR 2.0 indicate   safe and effective maintenance of euvolemi…,"PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION - INSIDE INFORMATION29 November 2023  07:00 am CETData from all three patients in non-randomized cohort treated with DSR 2.0 indicate safe and effective maintenance of euvolemia without the need for loop diuretics  considerable benefit in cardiorenal status and dramatic improvement in diuretic response and loop diuretic requirements up to 11 weeks post DSR treatmentDSMB [i] review planned for early Q1 2024 to approve start of randomized controlled cohort of up to 30 US patientsGhent  Belgium - 29 November 2023- Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""SequanaMedical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that all three patients from the non-randomized cohort of the MOJAVE study were successfully treated with DSR 2.0. Data from the third patient show similar beneficial effects of DSR therapy as reported previously in the first two patients[ii].Dr. Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: ""We are delighted to see the timely execution of the non-randomized cohort and the encouraging outcomes of our DSR therapy in these first three US patients with diuretic-resistant heart failure. These data strengthen our confidence in a positive independent DSMB review scheduled for early Q1 2024  and we look foward to the commencement of the randomized cohort in up to 30 US patients. This critical next phase will facilitate a comparison between our innovative DSR therapy and conventional loop diuretics  reaffirming our commitment to providing transformative solutions for patients with high unmet medical need.""Positive data from non-randomized cohort of MOJAVE studyAll three patients treated in the non-randomized cohort of the MOJAVE study had heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) and severe diuretic resistance at baseline (mean furosemide equivalent dose of 1 227 mg per day). At the start of the study treatment period  loop diuretics were withheld  and patients were treated with DSR 2.0 up to daily for four weeks.During the four-week DSR treatment period  all three patients maintained euvolemia without the need of loop diuretics and showed improved cardiorenal status post-treatment. Their diuretic response[iii] nearly normalized with a mean increase of 324% in their six-hour urinary sodium excretion post-treatment vs baseline. These interim data also show a broad improvement in their kidney function with a a mean improvement in eGFR[iv] of 47% and blood urea nitrogen[v] of 57% post-treatment vs baseline. Since patients had HFpEF  their NT-proBNP[vi] levels were within normal ranges at baseline and were maintained post-treatment  indicating that their stable cardiovascular status was preserved.The need for loop diuretics was dramatically reduced or even completely eliminated following completion of the four-week DSR treatment period (see table below)  which the Company believes is a demonstration of the durable improvement in cardio-renal health of the patient and supports DSR's mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. In addition  none of the patients needed to be hospitalized for congestion since the start of the study.Patient No. of weeks after last DSR therapy Reduction in furosemide equivalent dose vs. baseline 1 11.4 97% 2 6.4 100% 3 1.4 100%To date  no clinically relevant changes in serum sodium levels or progressive hyponatremia were observed and no serious adverse events occurred  indicating that DSR 2.0 was safe and well tolerated in these first three US patients.All three patients are currently in the three-month safety follow-up period and their data will be reviewed by an independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) planned in early Q1 2024 to approve the start of the randomized controlled cohort of up to a further 30 patients.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579About the MOJAVE studyMOJAVE is a randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a study in the US to evaluate the safety and efficacy of DSR 2.0  Sequana Medical's second-generation DSR product (administered via a peritoneal dialysis (PD) catheter)  in diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion. The objective is to validate the positive results from the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies in US patients using DSR 2.0.The study has started with a non-randomized cohort of three patients treated with DSR 2.0 on top of optimized usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks  followed by a three-month safety follow-up period (with an initial review after 30 days). Following review and approval of the non-randomized cohort data by the independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) planned for early Q1 2024  up to a further 30 patients will be enrolled in the multi-center randomized cohort. The intention is for up to 20 patients to be treated with DSR 2.0 on top of optimized usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks  and for up to ten patients treated with intravenous loop diuretics alone as part of maximized usual care for congestive heart failure.Primary and secondary safety and efficacy endpoints include the rate of adverse and serious adverse events and the improvement in diuretic response (measured as a six-hour urine sodium output) from baseline through the end of the treatment period. Exploratory endpoints measured from baseline through the end of the treatment period include change in weight (volume status)  creatinine (a marker of renal function)  natriuretic peptides (a marker of heart failure) and New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class; and the number of heart failure related rehospitalizations.About DSR  a disease-modifying heart failure drug therapy tackling cardiorenal syndrome (CRS)Cardiorenal syndrome is a key clinical challenge in heart failure and results from the combined vicious cycle of dysfunction of the heart and kidney with hypothesised complex and interconnected mechanisms such as aberrations in hemodynamic  neurohormonal  inflammatory  and sodium handling pathways. Despite the complex multidimensional pathophysiology  the resultant clinical profile is thought to manifest as a self-reinforcing negative feedback cycle characterized by decreased glomerular filtration  increased renal sodium avidity  and congestion  despite escalating diuretic doses.No current therapies have been shown to improve patient outcomes in this complex and poorly understood indication. Reducing congestion is a key element of therapy but loop diuretics exacerbate many of the core mechanisms thought to underly CRS  thus even worsening diuretic resistance and CRS. Through effective control of the volume status for an extended period of time and thereby avoiding the negative consequences of loop diuretics  DSR has the potential to break the negative feedback cycle of this important indication with clear unmet clinical needs.Extensive analysis of validated biomarkers from patients in the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies shows the benefit from DSR therapy on i) volume status  ii) normalized diuretic response and dramatically reduced loop diuretic dosing  iii) improvement in kidney function  iv) neurohormonal status and signalling  as well as v) cardiovascular parameters. In these patients there were no congestion-related re-hospitalizations  a one class improvement in their NYHA[vii] status and a reduction of 75% in their predicated one-year mortality (based on the Seattle Heart Failure model).Data from the RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies have been submitted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  untolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population. alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company has reported positive primary and secondary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and is on track to file a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA by year end.Detailed biomarker analysis from the RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies in heart failure indicate DSR's mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0 is ongoing  seeking to confirm the strong efficacy seen in the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies. All three patients from the non-randomized cohort have been successfully treated with DSR 2.0  and the randomized cohort of up to a further 30 patients will start following DSMB approval  planned for Q1 2024.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to liver cirrhosis. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.[i] DSMB: Data Safety Monitoring Board[ii] Initial data reported in Press release of 18 October 2023[iii] Diuretic response assessed by 6-hour excretion of sodium after IV administration of 40mg furosemide[iv] eGFR: estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate  a measure of kidney function[v] Blood urea nitrogen is a waste product normally cleared by the kidneys[vi] NT-proBNP: N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide  a key cardiac function parameter[vii] NYHA: New York Heart Association classification (data collected outside study protocols of RED DESERT and SAHARA)",neutral,0.07,0.87,0.06,mixed,0.57,0.23,0.2,True,English,"['US Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study', 'Sequana Medical N', 'positive data', 'randomized cohort', 'heart failure', 'DSR®', 'treatment', 'November', '11', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a study', 'diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', 'Dr. Oliver Gödje', 'six-hour urinary sodium excretion', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'mean furosemide equivalent dose', 'high unmet medical need', 'four-week DSR treatment period', 'first three US patients', 'critical next phase', 'up to four weeks', 'diuretic-resistant heart failure', 'multi-center randomized cohort', 'serum sodium levels', 'positive independent DSMB review', 'randomized controlled cohort', 'similar beneficial effects', 'blood urea nitrogen', 'NT-proBNP[vi] levels', 'serious adverse events', 'Safety Monitoring Board', 'congestive heart failure', 'first two patients', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'severe diuretic resistance', 'study treatment period', 'stable cardiovascular status', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'second-generation DSR product', 'loop diuretic requirements', 'up to 20 patients', 'conventional loop diuretics', 'innovative DSR therapy', 'last DSR therapy', 'randomized cohort data', 'mean increase', 'mean improvement', 'positive results', 'three patients', '30 US patients', 'diuretic response', 'cardiorenal status', 'Positive data', 'independent Data', 'MOJAVE study', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'effective maintenance', 'considerable benefit', 'dramatic improvement', 'DSMB [i', 'early Q1', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fluid overload', 'liver disease', 'timely execution', 'encouraging outcomes', 'transformative solutions', 'ejection fraction', 'broad improvement', 'kidney function', 'normal ranges', 'durable improvement', 'cardio-renal health', 'vicious cycle', 'cardiorenal syndrome', 'relevant changes', 'progressive hyponatremia', 'peritoneal dialysis', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA studies', 'usual care', 'initial review', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'third patient', 'interim data', 'Patient No.', 'persistent congestion', '30 patients', '11 weeks', 'DSR 2.0', 'November', 'CET', 'euvolemia', 'start', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'SequanaMedical', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'confidence', 'commencement', 'comparison', 'commitment', 'HFpEF', 'baseline', '1,227 mg', 'day', 'eGFR', '57% post-treatment', 'completion', 'demonstration', 'mechanism', 'addition', 'none', 'Reduction', 'date', 'efficacy', 'objective', 'top', 'approval', 'intention']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33319,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/29/blackrock-inc-has-4-61-billion-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,BlackRock Inc. Has $4.61 Billion Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),BlackRock Inc. trimmed its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.4% during the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 15 802 915 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock…,BlackRock Inc. trimmed its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.4% during the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 15 802 915 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 1 085 972 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. owned 8.99% of Public Storage worth $4 612 555 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. AMI Investment Management Inc. acquired a new position in Public Storage during the 1st quarter valued at $267 000. Blair William & Co. IL lifted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 7.3% in the first quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 2 668 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 041 000 after buying an additional 182 shares during the period. Prudential PLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the first quarter worth about $1 374 000. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC bought a new position in Public Storage during the first quarter valued at about $398 000. Finally  Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. raised its holdings in Public Storage by 19.0% in the 1st quarter. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. now owns 13 506 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $5 271 000 after acquiring an additional 2 156 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsSeveral brokerages have issued reports on PSA. Truist Financial reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $305.00 price target on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  October 31st. Stifel Nicolaus dropped their target price on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday  September 13th. Wells Fargo & Company initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price target on the stock. Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. Finally  The Goldman Sachs Group started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Wednesday  September 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $310.00 target price on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. According to MarketBeat.com  the stock presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $295.71.Public Storage Stock PerformancePublic Storage stock opened at $256.66 on Wednesday. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $233.18 and a 12-month high of $316.48. The stock has a 50-day simple moving average of $256.94 and a 200 day simple moving average of $274.58. The company has a quick ratio of 0.98  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The stock has a market capitalization of $45.13 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.53  a P/E/G ratio of 3.59 and a beta of 0.50.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The business had revenue of $1.14 billion for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year  the company posted $4.13 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average  research analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  December 28th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday  December 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.68%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 109.99%.Insider Transactions at Public StorageIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday  November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total value of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at $3 259 985.82. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through this link. In other news  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday  November 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total transaction of $1 296 750.00. Following the sale  the director now owns 30 163 shares in the company  valued at approximately $7 822 774.05. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC  which is available at the SEC website. Also  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Friday  November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now directly owns 13 286 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 10.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['BlackRock Inc.', '$4.61 Billion Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A.', 'real estate investment trust', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian', 'Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'AMI Investment Management Inc.', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'equal weight” rating', 'recent 13F filing', 'other large investors', 'recent reporting period', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'current fiscal year', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'New Price Targets', 'average price target', 'Get Free Report', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Truist Financial', 'average rating', 'BlackRock Inc.', 'current ratio', 'Institutional investors', 'analyst estimates', 'other news', '$305.00 price target', 'target price', '$270.00 price target', 'new position', 'quick ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', '$250.00 price objective', 'Co. IL', 'Prudential PLC', 'Several brokerages', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Wells Fargo', 'research note', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Four analysts', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'market capitalization', 'net margin', 'previous year', 'year basis', 'research analysts', 'ex-dividend date', 'total value', 'Exchange Commission', 'second quarter', '1st quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'same quarter', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'equity ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'new stake', '12-month low', 'earnings results', 'November 20th', 'Insider Transactions', 'total transaction', 'additional 182 shares', 'additional 2,156 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '$3.00 dividend', '$4.13 earnings', '16.78 earnings', '15,802,915 shares', '1,085,972 shares', '2,668 shares', '13,506 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', '5,000 shares', 'number', 'stakes', 'Blair', 'William', 'holdings', 'company', 'reports', 'Tuesday', 'October', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'coverage', 'Thursday', 'debt', 'beta', 'Monday', 'EPS', 'missing', 'return', 'business', 'revenue', 'firm', 'December', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'DPR', 'Friday', 'completion', 'Securities', 'link', 'sale', '45.']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,etfdailynews.com
33320,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2787982/0/fr/SII-Fiscal-2023-2024-first-half-financial-results.html,SII : Fiscal 2023-2024 first half financial results,Paris  November 29  2023 – 6 p.m.  Fiscal 2023-2024 first half financial results  Revenue: €538.4m (up 12.8 percentOperating income: €48.5m (operating......,Paris  November 29  2023 – 6 p.m.Fiscal 2023-2024 first half financial resultsRevenue: €538.4m (up 12.8 percentOperating income: €48.5m (operating margin: 9.00 percent)SII Group  which specialises in engineering business  has announced its half-yearly results  which will approved by the Management Board on December 4  2023  and which are currently under audit.Eric Matteucci  Chairman of the Management Board  commented: “The SII group ended this first half of the financial year 2023-2024 on plan. There is a contrast between sales at the top end of our forecast and an operating margin at the bottom end of our ambition. However  this performance is set against a backdrop that is becoming increasingly complex with each passing month. I would therefore like to pay tribute to the work carried out by our teams  both in France and internationally  which has enabled us to post good results once again. We are entering the second half of the year with vigilance and confidence.”in €mPeriod ended September 30 H12022-2023 H12023-2024 Change Revenue 477.28 538.36 +12.8% Gross income from operations 45.32 49.82 +9.9% Gross operating margin (% of revenue) 9.50% 9.25% -0.25 pt. Operating income 44.52 48.45 +9.1% Operating margin (% of revenue) 9.33% 9.00% -0.33 pt. Consolidated net income 34.85 41.08 +17.9% Net income after minority interests 34.78 41.09 +18.1% Average headcount 10 475 10 997 +522 Headcount at the end of the period 10 741 10 984 +243Appreciable Business Growth in the first half of the yearThe SII group posted a turnover of €538.4m in the first half of 2023-2024  up 12.8%. Business growth is in line with the targets announced. In a difficult environment marked by a calendar with 3 fewer working days  a slowdown in the economy and a sensitive geopolitical context  this performance should be highlighted.In France  sales increased by 12.8% (of which 3.4% was organic) to €214.4m. The performance was driven by the sector Aerospace-Defence remained the leading contributor to turnover in the first half of the year. The group has adjusted its recruitment policy to adapt to the fall in demand. During the first half 723 new employees joined the Group’s workforce in France. At the same time  staff turnover returned to a level (21.3%) close to historical levels.Outside France  sales grew at a more sustained rate of 16.5% (of which 13.8% was organic). Sales for the half-year came to €324.0m. Poland  the largest contributor to sales  continued to expand  with growth of 16.8% (including 12.5% at constant exchange rates). Germany is also continuing the strong upturn begun last year  with entirely organic growth of 35.2% over the period. The Aerospace and Automotive sectors accounted for the bulk of performance. Other countries  such as Romania  the United Kingdom  the Czech Republic  Sweden and Switzerland  played a full part in the growth of the Group’s international activities. Spain (-14.2%) and Belgium (-21.9%) posted significant declines with the discontinuation of a number of unprofitable activities.Overall  growth as driven mainly by several sectors  including Aerospace-Space-Defence (+11.1%)  Energy (+22.9%)  Automotive (+34.9%) and Healthcare (+23.7%).Profitability was maintainedThe SII Group’s results were impacted by 3 fewer working days in the first half than in the previous year. On the other hand  the TACE (Rate of Activity Excluded Leaves) in France is in fall of more than 1 percent on this period. Lastly  investments in structuring the Group continued during this semester. Despite all the unfavourable factors  operating margin was maintained at a satisfactory level of 9.00% for the SII Group as a whole.The operating margin stood at 3.6% in France  impacted by three fewer working days and the fall in TACE. The international operating margin came to 12.6%  boosted by a rebound in business in Germany  a very good performance in Poland and several subsidiaries  which helped to offset the negative impact of the calendar.After taking into account the financial result and taxes  the net result amounted to €41.1 million  i.e. a net margin of 7.6%.At September 30  2023  the balance sheet showed a net cash position (excluding IFRS 16) of €169.7m  compared with €163.7m at the end of March 2023. Shareholders’ equity stood at €282.0 m  compared with €266.5 m at the end of March 2023.OutlookAs expected  the SII Group continued to grow at a strong pace during the first half of its 2023-2024 financial.However  the changing geopolitical and  above all  economic climate on a global scale makes it difficult to project over a time horizon longer than q quarter. In line with the announcement made at the time of the first-half revenue’s publication  the SII Group confirms that it expects to achieve growth of between 7 and 10% for the third quarter of its 2023-2024 financial year.***Next financial announcement:Fiscal 2023-2024 third quarter revenue  Tuesday  February 13  2024 after the close of trading-Contacts:SII - Eric Matteucci: +33(0)142 848 222-Receive all of our communications by subscribing on our website: www.sii-group.comEuronext Paris Compartment BLEI: 96950044FWV7YEJCKR65About SII GroupFounded in 1979 by qualified engineer Bernard Huvé  the SII Group’s activity is balanced between engineering and technology consulting (ETC) and digital services (DSC).The SII Group provides employment for more than 16 000 people  structured in a way that offers all the responsiveness and flexibility of a local service. It operates in 20 different countries across four continents throughout 80 locations with full operational capabilities. Each year  the SII Group recruits over 4 000 consultants and engineers on average. On a daily basis  these committed individuals strive to develop and integrate new technologies within future products and services  and to continuously enhance our clients’ information systems.Always looking to provide innovative  value-added solutions  the SII Group works with major international groups in a variety of sectors  including Aeronautics  Defence  Space  Banking  Insurance  Telecommunications  Energy  Retail  Automotive  Transport and Industry. Certified EcoVadis Platinum and a Great Place to Work  the SII Group stands out for its social policy focused on creating a digital  sustainable world and its corporate culture firmly rooted in quality of work life and inclusion.In the 2022-2023 financial year  which ended on March 31  2023  SII Group recorded revenues of €1 022.5 million.Pièce jointe,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.17,0.33,True,English,"['first half financial results', 'SII', 'Fiscal 2023', 'three fewer working days', '3 fewer working days', 'first half financial results', 'constant exchange rates', 'Activity Excluded Leaves', 'sensitive geopolitical context', 'net cash position', 'Next financial announcement', 'Consolidated net income', 'Gross operating margin', 'international operating margin', '2023-2024 financial year', 'Appreciable Business Growth', '24 third quarter revenue', 'The SII group', 'Gross income', 'net margin', 'international activities', 'changing geopolitical', 'Operating income', 'net result', 'q quarter', 'half-yearly results', 'good results', 'The Aerospace', 'second half', 'engineering business', 'Management Board', 'Eric Matteucci', 'passing month', 'minority interests', 'difficult environment', 'leading contributor', 'recruitment policy', '723 new employees', 'historical levels', 'largest contributor', 'strong upturn', 'Other countries', 'United Kingdom', 'Czech Republic', 'full part', 'significant declines', 'unprofitable activities', 'several sectors', 'other hand', 'unfavourable factors', 'several subsidiaries', 'negative impact', 'balance sheet', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'strong pace', 'economic climate', 'global scale', 'Change Revenue', 'same time', 'previous year', 'time horizon', 'first-half revenue', 'organic growth', 'Average headcount', 'sustained rate', 'Automotive sectors', 'satisfactory level', 'top end', 'bottom end', 'staff turnover', 'good performance', 'Paris', 'November', 'Fiscal', '9.00 percent', 'December', 'audit', 'Chairman', 'plan', 'contrast', 'sales', 'forecast', 'ambition', 'backdrop', 'tribute', 'teams', 'France', 'vigilance', 'confidence', 'Period', 'H1', 'operations', 'targets', 'calendar', 'slowdown', 'economy', 'Aerospace-Defence', 'fall', 'demand', 'workforce', 'Poland', 'Germany', 'bulk', 'Romania', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Spain', 'Belgium', 'discontinuation', 'number', 'Overall', 'Aerospace-Space-Defence', 'Energy', 'Healthcare', 'Profitability', 'TACE', '1 percent', 'investments', 'semester', 'rebound', 'account', 'taxes', 'September', 'IFRS', 'March', 'Outlook', 'publication', 'February', 'close', 'trading', 'Contacts', 'communications', '6', '35.']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33321,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5228897028200825,Prosus Accelerates Profitability Target and Delivers on Objectives,Please note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS disclosures. All...,Prosus Accelerates Profitability Target and Delivers on ObjectivesPlease note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS disclosures. All growth percentages shown here are in local currency terms  excluding the impact of acquisitions and disposals (M&A)  unless otherwise stated.Prosus N.V. (Prosus) (AEX and JSE: PRX): Prosus is successfully delivering on its commitments. The fundamentals of its operating businesses are improving  driving proftable growth. The ongoing open-ended buyback continues to compound value over time and the removal of the cross-holding agreement has greatly simplified the Group’s structure. Lastly  with its strong balance sheet and through active portfolio management  the Group is well positioned to generate improved returns through smart and disciplined capital allocation  benefitting all its stakeholders.HeadlinesSustained topline growth of 16%  more than double the rate of peers  with Ecommerce consolidated revenue of US$2.6bn.Meaningful improvement in profitability  enabling the Group to bring forward its Ecommerce profitability target by six months to 2H 2024. Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss of only US$36m  representing a 10% margin improvement year-on-year. iFood is now profitable overall  not just in its core.Core headline earnings more than doubled  increasing 118%  on improved Ecommerce and Tencent profitabilityFree cash inflow increased to US$725m  a 6x improvement year-on-year.US$25bn of value created by the ongoing buyback programme since launch  delivering 7% NAV per share accretion.Strong balance sheet with central cash of US$15.1bn.Removal of cross-holding agreement between Prosus and Naspers completed in September 2023  to simplify the Group’s structure.Ervin Tu  Interim Group CEO  Prosus and Naspers  commented : “We are making substantial progress against our commitment to drive profitable growth. Through active management of our portfolio  we have delivered improved results as our Ecommerce portfolio is now close to breakeven and growing at scale. We’ve simplified our Group structure  and the open-ended buyback programme is driving daily NAV per share growth – magnifying returns over the long term. With deep institutional knowledge across a number of technology domains  including AI  we are well positioned to support exceptional technology companies around the world. We remain ambitious in our plans and disciplined in our approach to drive real returns for all of our stakeholders.”Group performanceConsolidated results for continuing operations  excluding OLX Autos Group HY2024 HY2023 YoY change Revenues US$2.6bn US$2.3bn 16% Trading profit / (loss) (US$110m) (US$338m) 67% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues US$2.6bn US$2.3bn 16% Trading profit / (loss) (US$36m) (US$256m) 86% Food Delivery Revenues US$679m US$663m 17% Trading profit / (loss) US$5m (US$70m) 108% Classifieds Revenues US$342m US$247m 32% Trading profit / (loss) US$94m US$38m 134% Payments & Fintech Revenues US$497m US$412m 32% Trading profit / (loss) (US$22m) (US$80m) 78% Edtech Revenues US$71m US$63m 11% Trading profit / (loss) (US$66m) (US$68m) 4% Etail Revenues US$930m US$843m 4% Trading profit / (loss) (US$24m) (US$37m) 38% Economic interest results  excluding OLX Autos Group Revenues US$15.6bn US$15.6bn 13% Trading profit / (loss) US$2.6bn US$1.6bn 85% Core headline earnings US$2.0bn US$1.1bn 118%Basil Sgourdos  Group CFO  Prosus and Naspers  commented : “The Group has delivered a strong financial performance  beating industry levels of growth  while significantly accelerating profitability. Driven by continued strong execution across our Ecommerce portfolio  I expect this trajectory to continue at pace. Our Classifieds and Food Delivery segments are both profitable  and PayU is making strong progress towards profitability. Core headline earnings have doubled and the impact of the strong improvements in Ecommerce and Tencent are also evident in our free cashflow  which has increased six times. Our strong and flexible balance sheet  active portfolio management and disciplined capital allocation will underpin our success .”Industry-leading growth and accelerating profitability across core Ecommerce portfolioFood Delivery: Sustained revenue growth with significant profitability improvementiFood’s core restaurant business more than doubled trading profit to US$114m  with a 19% trading margin.iFood grew Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) by 15% and revenue by 17%  resulting in a trading profit of US$23m  up 149%.Strong performance by key investments: Delivery Hero grew group GMV by 8% in Q2 2023  with H1 revenue up by 27%  boosting profitability to an adjusted EBITDA of €9m. Swiggy grew GMV by 28%  as operating metrics improved  and trading losses reduced to US$208m.Classifieds – OLX Group: Strong performance  with peer-leading growth and expanding marginsClassifieds consolidated revenue grew 32%  driven by a strong performance in European auto verticals and OLX horizontal platforms.Trading profit more than doubled to US$94m  with trading profit margin increasing 12 percentage points  to 27%.Exited OLX Autos businesses (excluding the US)  with expected proceeds of US$181m.Payments & Fintech – PayU: Strong overall performance  with core Payments Service Provider (PSP) business profitable and sustained growth in Indian businessesConsolidated revenue increased 32% to US$497m  as core PSP business grew Total Payment Volume (TPV) by 20% and delivered a trading profit margin of 2%.Indian credit business grew its loan book by 66% with revenue up 31%.Consolidated trading loss narrowed to US$22m  with a 15 percentage point improvement in trading profit margin.Agreed sale of GPO business  excluding PayU Turkey and Red Dot Payment  to Rapyd for US$610m.Strong performance at Remitly in Q3 2023  with revenue increasing 43%. At 30 September 2023  value of Remitly stake approximately 5x initial investment.Edtech: Continued growth in majority-owned platforms  with investment to leverage the significant opportunity of generative AIConsolidated revenue grew 11% to US$71m with trading losses flat at US$66m  despite the macroeconomic downturn and continued investment in new technologies.Stack Overflow revenues grew 7% and successfully launched Overflow AI  a roadmap for the integration of generative AI.GoodHabitz grew revenue by 22%.South African businesses [Naspers release only]Takealot Group grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 9%  while reducing trading losses by 85%  despite challenging trading conditions.Mr D grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 11%.For full details of the Group’s results  please visit www.prosus.com .About Prosus:Prosus is a global consumer internet group and one of the largest technology investors in the world. Operating and investing globally in markets with long-term growth potential  Prosus builds leading consumer internet companies that empower people and enrich communities.The Group is focused on building meaningful businesses in the online classifieds  food delivery  payments & fintech  and education technology sectors. Through the Prosus Ventures team  the Group invests in new technology growth opportunities within logistics  fintech  health  blockchain  social and Ecommerce platforms  agriculture and more.The Group actively backs exceptional entrepreneurs using technology to improve people’s everyday lives. Each month  over two billion customers across the globe use the products and services of companies that Prosus has invested in  acquired  or built.Prosus has a primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam (AEX:PRX) and secondary listings on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (XJSE:PRX) and a2X Markets (PRX.AJ). Prosus is majority-owned by Naspers.For more information  please visit www.prosus.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231128242868/en/For more information  please contact:Eoin RyanHead of Investor RelationsTel: +1 347 210 4305Email: eoin.ryan@prosus.comCharlie PembertonCommunications DirectorMobile: +31 615 494 359Email: charlie.pemberton@prosus.com,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.31,0.08,True,English,"['Profitability Target', 'Prosus', 'Delivers', 'Objectives', 'OLX Autos Group HY2024 HY2023 YoY change', 'OLX Autos business units', 'OLX Autos Group Revenues', 'Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss', 'core restaurant business', 'local currency terms', 'ongoing open-ended buyback', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'ongoing buyback programme', 'open-ended buyback programme', 'deep institutional knowledge', 'flexible balance sheet', 'Core headline earnings', 'exceptional technology companies', '38% Economic interest results', 'strong balance sheet', 'Food Delivery segments', 'Interim Group CEO', 'Free cash inflow', 'active portfolio management', 'Gross Merchandise Value', '86% Food Delivery Revenues', 'strong financial performance', 'core Ecommerce portfolio', 'Prosus N.V.', '67% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues', 'significant profitability improvement', 'OLX Group', 'Ecommerce profitability target', 'Classifieds consolidated revenue', 'active management', 'Consolidated results', 'consolidated basis', 'central cash', 'technology domains', 'free cashflow', 'Delivery Hero', 'Strong performance', 'Group results', 'Group performance', 'Fintech Revenues', '78% Edtech Revenues', '4% Etail Revenues', 'Meaningful improvement', '10% margin improvement', '6x improvement', 'improved results', 'strong execution', 'strong progress', 'strong improvements', 'Trading profit', '19% trading margin', 'trading losses', 'Group CFO', 'Classifieds Revenues', 'majority owned', 'IFRS disclosures', 'M&A', 'cross-holding agreement', 'six months', 'share accretion', 'Ervin Tu', 'substantial progress', 'long term', 'Basil Sgourdos', 'industry levels', 'key investments', 'operating metrics', 'growth percentages', 'proftable growth', 'topline growth', 'profitable growth', 'share growth', 'Industry-leading growth', 'peer-leading growth', 'H1 revenue', 'revenue growth', 'continuing operations', 'improved returns', 'real returns', 'operating businesses', 'daily NAV', 'Group structure', 'Tencent profitability', '7% NAV', 'Delivers', 'Objectives', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'AEX', 'JSE', 'PRX', 'commitments', 'fundamentals', 'time', 'removal', 'smart', 'stakeholders', 'Headlines', 'rate', 'peers', '2H', 'year', 'iFood', 'launch', 'Naspers', 'September', 'scale', 'number', 'world', 'plans', 'approach', 'Payments', 'trajectory', 'pace', 'PayU', 'success', 'GMV', 'Q2', 'EBITDA', 'Swiggy', 'margins', '17']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,investorsobserver.com
33322,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/4699701780990491,Naspers Accelerates Profitability Target and Delivers on Objectives,Please note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS disclosures. All...,Naspers Accelerates Profitability Target and Delivers on ObjectivesPlease note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS disclosures. All growth percentages shown here are in local currency terms  excluding the impact of acquisitions and disposals (M&A)  unless otherwise stated.Naspers Limited (Naspers) (JSE: NPN): Naspers is successfully delivering on its commitments. The fundamentals of its operating businesses are improving  driving profitable growth. The ongoing open-ended buyback continues to compound value over time and the removal of the cross-holding agreement has greatly simplified the Group’s structure. Lastly  with its strong balance sheet and through active portfolio management  the Group is well positioned to generate improved returns through smart and disciplined capital allocation  benefitting all its stakeholders.HeadlinesSustained topline growth of 15%  more than double the rate of peers  with Ecommerce consolidated revenue of US$2.9bn.Meaningful improvement in profitability  enabling the Group to bring forward its Prosus Ecommerce profitability target by six months to 2H 2024. Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss of only US$38m  representing a 9% margin improvement year-on-year. iFood is now profitable overall  not just in its core.Core headline earnings more than doubled  increasing 112%  on improved Ecommerce and Tencent profitability.Free cash inflow increased to US$677m  a 8x improvement year-on-year.US$25bn of value created by the ongoing buyback programme since launch  delivering 7% NAV per share accretion.Strong balance sheet with central cash of US$15.1bn.Removal of cross-holding agreement between Prosus and Naspers completed in September 2023  to simplify the Group’s structure.Ervin Tu  Interim Group CEO  Prosus and Naspers  commented : “We are making substantial progress against our commitment to drive profitable growth. Through active management of our portfolio  we have delivered improved results as our Ecommerce portfolio is now close to breakeven and growing at scale. We’ve simplified our Group structure  and the open-ended buyback programme is driving daily NAV per share growth – magnifying returns over the long term. With deep institutional knowledge across a number of technology domains  including AI  we are well positioned to support exceptional technology companies around the world. We remain ambitious in our plans and disciplined in our approach to drive real returns for all of our stakeholders.“Group performanceConsolidated results for continuing operations  excluding OLX Autos Group HY2024 HY2023 YoY change Revenues US$3.0bn US$2.8bn 14% Trading profit / (loss) (US$124m) (US$365m) 65% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues US$2.9bn US$2.7bn 15% Trading profit / (loss) (US$38m) (US$270m) 85% Food Delivery Revenues US$679m US$663m 17% Trading profit / (loss) US$5m (US$70m) 108% Classifieds Revenues US$342m US$247m 32% Trading profit / (loss) US$94m US$38m 134% Payments & Fintech Revenues US$497m US$412m 32% Trading profit / (loss) (US$22m) (US$80m) 78% Edtech Revenues US$71m US$63m 11% Trading profit / (loss) (US$66m) (US$68m) 4% Etail Revenues US$1.3bn US$1.2bn 6% Trading profit / (loss) (US$27m) (US$51m) 49% Economic interest results  excluding OLX Autos Group Revenues US$16.1bn US$16.0bn 13% Trading profit / (loss) US$2.5bn US$1.6bn 87% Core headline earnings US$0.9bn US$0.5bn 112%Basil Sgourdos  Group CFO  Prosus and Naspers  commented : “ The Group has delivered strong financial performance  beating industry levels of growth  while significantly accelerating profitability. Driven by continued strong execution across our Ecommerce portfolio  I expect this trajectory to continue at pace. Our Classifieds and Food Delivery segments are both profitable  and PayU is making strong progress towards profitability. Core headline earnings have doubled and the impact of the strong improvements in Ecommerce and Tencent are also evident in our free cashflow  which has increased six times. Our strong and flexible balance sheet  active portfolio management and disciplined capital allocation will underpin our success .”Industry-leading growth and accelerating profitability across core Ecommerce portfolioFood Delivery: Sustained revenue growth with significant profitability improvementiFood’s core restaurant business more than doubled trading profit to US$114m  with a 19% trading margin.iFood grew Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) by 15% and revenue by 17%  resulting in a trading profit of US$23m  up 149%.Strong performance by key investments: Delivery Hero grew group GMV by 8% in Q2 2023  with H1 revenue up by 27%  boosting profitability to an adjusted EBITDA of €9m. Swiggy grew GMV by 28%  as operating metrics improved  and trading losses reduced to US$208m.Classifieds – OLX Group: Strong performance  with peer-leading growth and expanding marginsClassifieds consolidated revenue grew 32%  driven by a strong performance in European auto verticals and OLX horizontal platforms.Trading profit more than doubled to US$94m  with trading profit margin increasing 12 percentage points  to 27%.Exited OLX Autos businesses (excluding the US)  with expected proceeds of US$181m.Payments & Fintech – PayU: Strong overall performance  with core Payments Service Provider (PSP) business profitable and sustained growth in Indian businessesConsolidated revenue increased 32% to US$497m  as core PSP business grew Total Payment Volume (TPV) by 20% and delivered a trading profit margin of 2%.Indian credit business grew its loan book by 66% with revenue up 31%.Consolidated trading loss narrowed to US$22m  with a 15 percentage point improvement in trading profit margin.Agreed sale of GPO business  excluding PayU Turkey and Red Dot Payment  to Rapyd for US$610m.Strong performance at Remitly in Q3 2023  with revenue increasing 43%. At 30 September 2023  value of Remitly stake approximately 5x initial investment.Edtech: Continued growth in majority-owned platforms  with investment to leverage the significant opportunity of generative AIConsolidated revenue grew 11% to US$71m with trading losses flat at US$66m  despite the macroeconomic downturn and continued investment in new technologies.Stack Overflow revenues grew 7% and successfully launched Overflow AI  a roadmap for the integration of generative AI.GoodHabitz grew revenue by 22%.South African businessesTakealot Group grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 9%  while reducing trading losses by 85%  despite challenging trading conditions.Mr D grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 11%.For full details of the Group’s results  please visit www.naspers.com .About Naspers:Established in 1915  Naspers has transformed itself to become a global consumer internet company and one of the largest technology investors in the world. Through Prosus  the group operates and invests globally in markets with long-term growth potential  building leading consumer internet companies that empower people and enrich communities. Prosus has its primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam  and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and Naspers is the majority owner of Prosus.In South Africa  Naspers is one of the foremost investors in the technology sector and is committed to building its internet and ecommerce companies. These include Takealot  Mr D Food  Superbalist  Autotrader  Property24 and PayU  in addition to Media24  South Africa’s leading print and digital media business.Naspers has a primary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (NPN.SJ)  a secondary listing on the A2X Exchange (NPN.AJ) in South Africa  and has a level 1 American Depository Receipt (ADR) programme which trades on an over-the-counter basis in the United States of America.For more information  please visit www.naspers.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231128197931/en/For more information  please contact:Eoin RyanHead of Investor RelationsTel: +1 347 210 4305Email: eoin.ryan@naspers.comCharlie PembertonCommunications DirectorMobile: +31 615 494 359Email: charlie.pemberton@naspers.comShamiela LetsoaloDirector of Public Affairs and CommunicationsTel: +27 78 802 6310Email: shamiela.letsoalo@naspers.com,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.31,0.09,True,English,"['Profitability Target', 'Naspers', 'Delivers', 'Objectives', 'OLX Autos Group HY2024 HY2023', 'OLX Autos business units', 'OLX Autos Group Revenues', 'Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss', 'core restaurant business', 'local currency terms', 'ongoing open-ended buyback', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'ongoing buyback programme', 'open-ended buyback programme', 'deep institutional knowledge', 'flexible balance sheet', 'Prosus Ecommerce profitability target', 'Core headline earnings', 'exceptional technology companies', '49% Economic interest results', 'strong balance sheet', 'Food Delivery segments', 'Free cash inflow', 'Interim Group CEO', 'active portfolio management', 'Gross Merchandise Value', '85% Food Delivery Revenues', 'strong financial performance', 'core Ecommerce portfolio', '65% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues', 'significant profitability improvement', 'Classifieds consolidated revenue', 'OLX Group', 'active management', 'Consolidated results', 'consolidated basis', 'central cash', 'technology domains', 'free cashflow', 'Delivery Hero', 'Strong performance', 'Fintech Revenues', '78% Edtech Revenues', '4% Etail Revenues', 'Group results', 'Meaningful improvement', '9% margin improvement', '8x improvement', 'improved results', 'Group performance', 'strong execution', 'strong progress', 'strong improvements', 'Trading profit', '19% trading margin', 'trading losses', 'Classifieds Revenues', 'majority owned', 'IFRS disclosures', 'M&A', 'cross-holding agreement', 'six months', 'share accretion', 'Ervin Tu', 'substantial progress', 'long term', 'YoY change', 'Basil Sgourdos', 'Group CFO', 'industry levels', 'key investments', 'operating metrics', 'growth percentages', 'profitable growth', 'topline growth', 'share growth', 'Industry-leading growth', 'peer-leading growth', 'H1 revenue', 'revenue growth', 'continuing operations', 'improved returns', 'real returns', 'operating businesses', 'daily NAV', 'Group structure', 'Tencent profitability', 'Naspers Limited', '7% NAV', 'Delivers', 'Objectives', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'JSE', 'NPN', 'commitments', 'fundamentals', 'time', 'removal', 'smart', 'stakeholders', 'Headlines', 'rate', 'peers', '2H', 'year', 'iFood', 'launch', 'September', 'scale', 'number', 'world', 'plans', 'approach', 'Payments', 'trajectory', 'pace', 'PayU', 'success', 'GMV', 'Q2', 'EBITDA', 'Swiggy', 'margins', '10', '17']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,investorsobserver.com
33323,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIGBEN-INTERACTIVE-5097/news/BIGBEN-FIRST-HALF-2023-24-RESULTS-English-version-45461566/,BIGBEN: FIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS - English version -November 29  2023 at 07:27 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                         Press release Lesquin  27 November 2023 - 6 p.m. CET FIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS: PERFORMANCE AFFECTED BY A RELEASE SCHEDULE WEIGHTED TOWARDS THE SECOND HALFIMPROVEMENT IN MARGIN RATES: EBITDA OF...h…,Official BIGBEN INTERACTIVE press releasePress releaseLesquin  27 November 2023 - 6 p.m. CETFIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS:PERFORMANCE AFFECTED BY A RELEASE SCHEDULE WEIGHTED TOWARDS THE SECOND HALFIMPROVEMENT IN MARGIN RATES: EBITDA OF €32.0 MILLIONFULL-YEAR SALES AND EARNINGS EXPECTED TO SHOW STRONG GROWTHBigben Interactive (ISIN FR0000074072) is today announcing its consolidated results for the first half of its 2023/24 financial year (six months from 1 April to 30 September 2023) as finalised by the Board of Directors in its meeting of 27 November 2023.Consolidated IFRS figures (€ million) First half2023/24 First half2022/23 Change Sales (non-IFRS) 131.1 138.5 -5.4% Adjustment for the partial disposal of Gollum (3.0) Sales (IFRS) 128.1 138.5 Gross profit% of revenue 62.248.6% 64.846.8% -4.0%EBITDA% of revenue 32.025.0%26.919.4% +18.7%Operating income% of revenue 4.33.3% 10.57.6% -59.1% Financial income (expense) (3.9) (0.3) Income before tax% of revenue 0.30.3% 10.27.4% -96.6% Income tax 2.4 (2.6) Net income for the period% of revenue 2.72.1% 7.65.5% -63.9%* This item has been classified under other operating income in the income statement  as required by IFRSs.The Bigben group generated sales of €131.1 million in the first half of 2023/24. Of this  NACON contributed €70.8 million and Bigben AudioVideo/Telco €60.3 million.The gross margin rate rose by almost 2 points year-on-year to 48.6% as a result of an improved product mix.EBITDA grew 18.7% to €32 million and equalled 25% of sales as opposed to 19.4% in the year-earlier period.Operating income was affected by a limited release schedule. As a result  although operating expenses remained under control in the first half  they were high relative to business volumes. Firm sales growth is expected in the second half of the financial year.The increase in net financial expense was due to higher interest rates but also negative exchange differences (foreign exchange loss of €0.8 million as opposed to a gain of €1.1 million in the year-earlier period).Analysis of performance by businessNACON Gaming Bigben AudioVideo/Telco Consolidated IFRS figures (€ million) H1 2023/24 H1 2022/23 Change H1 2023/24 H1 2022/23 Change Sales 67.8 77.5 -12.6% 60.3 61.0 -1.2% Gross profit 43.5 47.6 -8.5% 18.7 17.2 +8.7% % of revenue 64.2% 61.4% 31.0% 28.2% EBITDA 29.3 24.4 +20.1% 2.7 2.6 +5.6% % of revenue 43.2% 31.4% 4.5% 4.2% Operating income 3.7 9.8 -62.7% 0.6 0.7 -5.4% 5.4% 12.7% 1.0% 1.1%NACON Gaming: in the first-half period  Catalogue sales (new games) were adversely affected by the limited release schedule. They amounted to €23.1 million  down 9% year-on-year. Back Catalogue sales (games released in previous years) were resilient at €21.2 million (down 1.8%)  and returned to growth in the second quarter. Sales in the Accessories business totalled €24.9 million. They rose sharply at the end of the period due to the upturn in the global market driven by the growing installed base of new consoles.The gross margin rate was 64.2%  an increase of almost 3 points year-on-year.EBITDA came in at €29.3 million  giving an EBITDA margin rate of 43.2% as opposed to 31.4% in the year-earlier period.Operating expenses remained under control and increased only slightly.After €25.6 million of depreciation and amortisation charges relating to non-current assets (€14.5 million in the first half of 2022/23)  operating income was €3.7 million  equal to 5.4% of sales.The increase in net financial expense was due to higher interest rates but above all negative exchange differences (foreign exchange loss of €0.5 million as opposed to a gain of €1.8 million in the year-earlier period).Bigben AudioVideo/Telco generated sales of €60.3 million. Despite a significant contraction in the smartphone market  the mobile accessories business remained resilient with sales of €46.0 million (down 1.9% year-on-year). AudioVideo sales rose 1.2% to €14.3 million.The gross margin rate continued to rise because of the premium strategy pursued by the Group since 2015 (via the FORCE brand)  and was 31.0% as opposed to 28.2% in the year-earlier period.EBITDA rose slightly to €2.7 million  equal to 4.5% of sales.Operating income was €0.6 million  stable compared to the first half of 2022/23.Firm financial position at a time of heavy investment in the Gaming businessAt 30 September 2023  the Bigben group had equity of €308.2 million and €38.1 million of cash and cash equivalents.During the first half  given movements in interest rates  the Group focused on the way it finances its development.The change in the working capital requirement amounted to €0.6 million. Operating cash flow was positive at €25.1 million during the period. Cash flow relating to investing activities (mainly game development costs) was €46.2 million.Full year 2023/24: Expected growth in sales and earningsFor NACON  the second half of the 2023/24 financial year will see a busy release schedule  with over 10 new games expected during the period. Games released in the third quarter include Astérix & Obelix: Heroes TM  Cricket 24 Official Game of The Ashes TM Gangs of Sherwood TM and especially Robocop: Rogue City TM  NACON’s most successful ever launch. Games scheduled for release in the fourth quarter include War Hospital and Test Drive Unlimited: Solar Crown TM.Sales from the back catalogue are continuing to grow as it automatically expands with the addition of games released in previous years.Finally  the Accessories business will benefit from a more favourable base for comparison  growth in the installed base of Xbox series and PS5 consoles and the release of several high-potential products including the REVOLUTION 5 PRO controller and RIG 600 PRO headsets.In the third quarter  Bigben AudioVideo/Telco will launch several FORCE-branded products  including FORCE PLAY 2 wireless earphones. In the Audio segment  trends remain positive and the Cosy range  produced under a licensing agreement with Thomson  has good prospects.Given the upturn in sales expected for NACON in the second half and the positive outlook for the Bigben AudioVideo/Telco business  the Group is confirming its expectation of strong growth in sales and operating income in the 2023/24 financial year.Next key event:Third-quarter 2023/24 sales: 23 January 2024 after the market closeABOUT BIGBEN INTERACTIVE2022/23 SALES€283.5 millionWORKFORCEOver 1 300 employeesINTERNATIONAL PRESENCE31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben is a pan-European player in publishing video games and designing and distributing mobile accessories  gaming accessories and audio/video products. The Group is known for being innovative and creative  and aims to be one of Europe’s leading companies in each of its markets.Listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index: CAC Mid & Small – Eligible for the long-only deferred settlement serviceISIN: FR0000074072; Reuters: BIG.PA; Bloomberg: BIGFPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.15,0.68,True,English,"['FIRST HALF', 'English version', 'BIGBEN', 'November', '07:27', 'NACON Gaming Bigben AudioVideo/Telco Consolidated IFRS figures', 'Official BIGBEN INTERACTIVE press release', 'RELEASE SCHEDULE WEIGHTED TOWARDS', 'FIRST HALF 2023/24 RESULTS', 'Press release Lesquin', 'limited release schedule', 'busy release schedule', 'negative exchange differences', 'foreign exchange loss', 'working capital requirement', 'Firm financial position', 'gross margin rate', 'higher interest rates', 'The Bigben group', 'game development costs', '2023/24 financial year', 'net financial expense', 'mobile accessories business', 'other operating income', 'EBITDA margin rate', 'Back Catalogue sales', 'consolidated results', 'Operating cash flow', 'Firm sales growth', 'Gaming business', 'MARGIN RATES', 'Gross profit', 'Financial income', 'Net income', 'operating expenses', 'SECOND HALF', 'six months', 'partial disposal', 'Income tax', 'income statement', 'product mix', 'business volumes', 'previous years', 'second quarter', 'global market', 'new consoles', 'amortisation charges', 'current assets', 'significant contraction', 'smartphone market', 'premium strategy', 'FORCE brand', 'heavy investment', 'cash equivalents', 'investing activities', 'STRONG GROWTH', 'Full year', 'year-earlier period', 'first-half period', 'FULL-YEAR SALES', 'AudioVideo sales', 'new games', 'Change Sales', '27 November', 'CET', 'PERFORMANCE', 'IMPROVEMENT', 'MILLION', 'EARNINGS', 'SHOW', 'ISIN', '1 April', '30 September', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '4% Adjustment', 'Gollum', 'revenue', 'item', 'IFRSs', '2 points', 'control', 'increase', 'gain', 'Analysis', 'end', 'upturn', 'growing', 'base', '3 points', 'depreciation', 'non', 'time', 'equity', 'movements', 'way', '6', '28.']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33324,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PROSUS-N-V-66148584/news/Prosus-Accelerates-Profitability-Target-and-Delivers-on-Objectives-45457033/,Prosus Accelerates Profitability Target and Delivers on Objectives,(marketscreener.com) Please note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS d…,Official PROSUS N.V. press releasePlease note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS disclosures. All growth percentages shown here are in local currency terms  excluding the impact of acquisitions and disposals (M&A)  unless otherwise stated.Prosus N.V. (Prosus) (AEX and JSE: PRX): Prosus is successfully delivering on its commitments. The fundamentals of its operating businesses are improving  driving proftable growth. The ongoing open-ended buyback continues to compound value over time and the removal of the cross-holding agreement has greatly simplified the Group’s structure. Lastly  with its strong balance sheet and through active portfolio management  the Group is well positioned to generate improved returns through smart and disciplined capital allocation  benefitting all its stakeholders.HeadlinesSustained topline growth of 16%  more than double the rate of peers  with Ecommerce consolidated revenue of US$2.6bn.Meaningful improvement in profitability  enabling the Group to bring forward its Ecommerce profitability target by six months to 2H 2024. Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss of only US$36m  representing a 10% margin improvement year-on-year. iFood is now profitable overall  not just in its core.Core headline earnings more than doubled  increasing 118%  on improved Ecommerce and Tencent profitabilityFree cash inflow increased to US$725m  a 6x improvement year-on-year.US$25bn of value created by the ongoing buyback programme since launch  delivering 7% NAV per share accretion.Strong balance sheet with central cash of US$15.1bn.Removal of cross-holding agreement between Prosus and Naspers completed in September 2023  to simplify the Group’s structure.Ervin Tu  Interim Group CEO  Prosus and Naspers  commented: “We are making substantial progress against our commitment to drive profitable growth. Through active management of our portfolio  we have delivered improved results as our Ecommerce portfolio is now close to breakeven and growing at scale. We’ve simplified our Group structure  and the open-ended buyback programme is driving daily NAV per share growth – magnifying returns over the long term. With deep institutional knowledge across a number of technology domains  including AI  we are well positioned to support exceptional technology companies around the world. We remain ambitious in our plans and disciplined in our approach to drive real returns for all of our stakeholders.”Group performanceConsolidated results for continuing operations  excluding OLX Autos Group HY2024 HY2023 YoY change Revenues US$2.6bn US$2.3bn 16% Trading profit / (loss) (US$110m) (US$338m) 67% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues US$2.6bn US$2.3bn 16% Trading profit / (loss) (US$36m) (US$256m) 86% Food Delivery Revenues US$679m US$663m 17% Trading profit / (loss) US$5m (US$70m) 108% Classifieds Revenues US$342m US$247m 32% Trading profit / (loss) US$94m US$38m 134% Payments & Fintech Revenues US$497m US$412m 32% Trading profit / (loss) (US$22m) (US$80m) 78% Edtech Revenues US$71m US$63m 11% Trading profit / (loss) (US$66m) (US$68m) 4% Etail Revenues US$930m US$843m 4% Trading profit / (loss) (US$24m) (US$37m) 38% Economic interest results  excluding OLX Autos Group Revenues US$15.6bn US$15.6bn 13% Trading profit / (loss) US$2.6bn US$1.6bn 85% Core headline earnings US$2.0bn US$1.1bn 118%Basil Sgourdos  Group CFO  Prosus and Naspers  commented: “The Group has delivered a strong financial performance  beating industry levels of growth  while significantly accelerating profitability. Driven by continued strong execution across our Ecommerce portfolio  I expect this trajectory to continue at pace. Our Classifieds and Food Delivery segments are both profitable  and PayU is making strong progress towards profitability. Core headline earnings have doubled and the impact of the strong improvements in Ecommerce and Tencent are also evident in our free cashflow  which has increased six times. Our strong and flexible balance sheet  active portfolio management and disciplined capital allocation will underpin our success.”Industry-leading growth and accelerating profitability across core Ecommerce portfolioFood Delivery: Sustained revenue growth with significant profitability improvementiFood’s core restaurant business more than doubled trading profit to US$114m  with a 19% trading margin.iFood grew Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) by 15% and revenue by 17%  resulting in a trading profit of US$23m  up 149%.Strong performance by key investments: Delivery Hero grew group GMV by 8% in Q2 2023  with H1 revenue up by 27%  boosting profitability to an adjusted EBITDA of €9m. Swiggy grew GMV by 28%  as operating metrics improved  and trading losses reduced to US$208m.Classifieds – OLX Group: Strong performance  with peer-leading growth and expanding marginsClassifieds consolidated revenue grew 32%  driven by a strong performance in European auto verticals and OLX horizontal platforms.Trading profit more than doubled to US$94m  with trading profit margin increasing 12 percentage points  to 27%.Exited OLX Autos businesses (excluding the US)  with expected proceeds of US$181m.Payments & Fintech – PayU: Strong overall performance  with core Payments Service Provider (PSP) business profitable and sustained growth in Indian businessesConsolidated revenue increased 32% to US$497m  as core PSP business grew Total Payment Volume (TPV) by 20% and delivered a trading profit margin of 2%.Indian credit business grew its loan book by 66% with revenue up 31%.Consolidated trading loss narrowed to US$22m  with a 15 percentage point improvement in trading profit margin.Agreed sale of GPO business  excluding PayU Turkey and Red Dot Payment  to Rapyd for US$610m.Strong performance at Remitly in Q3 2023  with revenue increasing 43%. At 30 September 2023  value of Remitly stake approximately 5x initial investment.Edtech: Continued growth in majority-owned platforms  with investment to leverage the significant opportunity of generative AIConsolidated revenue grew 11% to US$71m with trading losses flat at US$66m  despite the macroeconomic downturn and continued investment in new technologies.Stack Overflow revenues grew 7% and successfully launched Overflow AI  a roadmap for the integration of generative AI.GoodHabitz grew revenue by 22%.South African businesses [Naspers release only]Takealot Group grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 9%  while reducing trading losses by 85%  despite challenging trading conditions.Mr D grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 11%.For full details of the Group’s results  please visit www.prosus.com.About Prosus:Prosus is a global consumer internet group and one of the largest technology investors in the world. Operating and investing globally in markets with long-term growth potential  Prosus builds leading consumer internet companies that empower people and enrich communities.The Group is focused on building meaningful businesses in the online classifieds  food delivery  payments & fintech  and education technology sectors. Through the Prosus Ventures team  the Group invests in new technology growth opportunities within logistics  fintech  health  blockchain  social and Ecommerce platforms  agriculture and more.The Group actively backs exceptional entrepreneurs using technology to improve people’s everyday lives. Each month  over two billion customers across the globe use the products and services of companies that Prosus has invested in  acquired  or built.Prosus has a primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam (AEX:PRX) and secondary listings on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (XJSE:PRX) and a2X Markets (PRX.AJ). Prosus is majority-owned by Naspers.For more information  please visit www.prosus.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231128242868/en/,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.31,0.08,True,English,"['Profitability Target', 'Prosus', 'Delivers', 'Objectives', 'OLX Autos Group HY2024 HY2023 YoY change', 'Official PROSUS N.V. press release', 'OLX Autos business units', 'OLX Autos Group Revenues', 'Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss', 'core restaurant business', 'local currency terms', 'ongoing open-ended buyback', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'ongoing buyback programme', 'open-ended buyback programme', 'deep institutional knowledge', 'flexible balance sheet', 'Core headline earnings', 'exceptional technology companies', '38% Economic interest results', 'strong balance sheet', 'Food Delivery segments', 'Interim Group CEO', 'Free cash inflow', 'active portfolio management', 'Gross Merchandise Value', '86% Food Delivery Revenues', 'strong financial performance', 'core Ecommerce portfolio', '67% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues', 'significant profitability improvement', 'Ecommerce profitability target', 'OLX Group', 'Classifieds consolidated revenue', 'active management', 'Consolidated results', 'consolidated basis', 'central cash', 'technology domains', 'free cashflow', 'Delivery Hero', 'Strong performance', 'Group results', 'Fintech Revenues', '78% Edtech Revenues', '4% Etail Revenues', 'Group performance', 'Meaningful improvement', '10% margin improvement', '6x improvement', 'improved results', 'strong execution', 'strong progress', 'strong improvements', 'Trading profit', '19% trading margin', 'trading losses', 'Group CFO', '108% Classifieds Revenues', 'majority owned', 'IFRS disclosures', 'M&A', 'cross-holding agreement', 'six months', 'share accretion', 'Ervin Tu', 'substantial progress', 'long term', 'Basil Sgourdos', 'industry levels', 'key investments', 'operating metrics', 'European au', 'growth percentages', 'proftable growth', 'topline growth', 'profitable growth', 'share growth', 'Industry-leading growth', 'peer-leading growth', 'H1 revenue', 'revenue growth', 'continuing operations', 'improved returns', 'real returns', 'operating businesses', 'daily NAV', 'Group structure', 'Tencent profitability', '7% NAV', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'AEX', 'JSE', 'PRX', 'commitments', 'fundamentals', 'time', 'removal', 'smart', 'stakeholders', 'Headlines', 'rate', 'peers', '2H', 'year', 'iFood', 'launch', 'Naspers', 'September', 'scale', 'number', 'world', 'plans', 'approach', 'Payments', 'trajectory', 'pace', 'PayU', 'success', 'GMV', 'Q2', 'EBITDA', 'Swiggy', 'margins', '17']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33325,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NASPERS-LIMITED-1413396/news/Naspers-Accelerates-Profitability-Target-and-Delivers-on-Objectives-45457032/,Naspers Accelerates Profitability Target and Delivers on Objectives,(marketscreener.com) Please note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS d…,Official NASPERS LIMITED press releasePlease note: Group results are shown on a consolidated basis from continuing operations  which reflect all majority owned and managed businesses. All OLX Autos business units are classified as discontinued operations  in line with IFRS disclosures. All growth percentages shown here are in local currency terms  excluding the impact of acquisitions and disposals (M&A)  unless otherwise stated.Naspers Limited (Naspers) (JSE: NPN): Naspers is successfully delivering on its commitments. The fundamentals of its operating businesses are improving  driving profitable growth. The ongoing open-ended buyback continues to compound value over time and the removal of the cross-holding agreement has greatly simplified the Group’s structure. Lastly  with its strong balance sheet and through active portfolio management  the Group is well positioned to generate improved returns through smart and disciplined capital allocation  benefitting all its stakeholders.HeadlinesSustained topline growth of 15%  more than double the rate of peers  with Ecommerce consolidated revenue of US$2.9bn.Meaningful improvement in profitability  enabling the Group to bring forward its Prosus Ecommerce profitability target by six months to 2H 2024. Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss of only US$38m  representing a 9% margin improvement year-on-year. iFood is now profitable overall  not just in its core.Core headline earnings more than doubled  increasing 112%  on improved Ecommerce and Tencent profitability.Free cash inflow increased to US$677m  a 8x improvement year-on-year.US$25bn of value created by the ongoing buyback programme since launch  delivering 7% NAV per share accretion.Strong balance sheet with central cash of US$15.1bn.Removal of cross-holding agreement between Prosus and Naspers completed in September 2023  to simplify the Group’s structure.Ervin Tu  Interim Group CEO  Prosus and Naspers  commented: “We are making substantial progress against our commitment to drive profitable growth. Through active management of our portfolio  we have delivered improved results as our Ecommerce portfolio is now close to breakeven and growing at scale. We’ve simplified our Group structure  and the open-ended buyback programme is driving daily NAV per share growth – magnifying returns over the long term. With deep institutional knowledge across a number of technology domains  including AI  we are well positioned to support exceptional technology companies around the world. We remain ambitious in our plans and disciplined in our approach to drive real returns for all of our stakeholders.“Group performanceConsolidated results for continuing operations  excluding OLX Autos Group HY2024 HY2023 YoY change Revenues US$3.0bn US$2.8bn 14% Trading profit / (loss) (US$124m) (US$365m) 65% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues US$2.9bn US$2.7bn 15% Trading profit / (loss) (US$38m) (US$270m) 85% Food Delivery Revenues US$679m US$663m 17% Trading profit / (loss) US$5m (US$70m) 108% Classifieds Revenues US$342m US$247m 32% Trading profit / (loss) US$94m US$38m 134% Payments & Fintech Revenues US$497m US$412m 32% Trading profit / (loss) (US$22m) (US$80m) 78% Edtech Revenues US$71m US$63m 11% Trading profit / (loss) (US$66m) (US$68m) 4% Etail Revenues US$1.3bn US$1.2bn 6% Trading profit / (loss) (US$27m) (US$51m) 49% Economic interest results  excluding OLX Autos Group Revenues US$16.1bn US$16.0bn 13% Trading profit / (loss) US$2.5bn US$1.6bn 87% Core headline earnings US$0.9bn US$0.5bn 112%Basil Sgourdos  Group CFO  Prosus and Naspers  commented: “The Group has delivered strong financial performance  beating industry levels of growth  while significantly accelerating profitability. Driven by continued strong execution across our Ecommerce portfolio  I expect this trajectory to continue at pace. Our Classifieds and Food Delivery segments are both profitable  and PayU is making strong progress towards profitability. Core headline earnings have doubled and the impact of the strong improvements in Ecommerce and Tencent are also evident in our free cashflow  which has increased six times. Our strong and flexible balance sheet  active portfolio management and disciplined capital allocation will underpin our success.”Industry-leading growth and accelerating profitability across core Ecommerce portfolioFood Delivery: Sustained revenue growth with significant profitability improvementiFood’s core restaurant business more than doubled trading profit to US$114m  with a 19% trading margin.iFood grew Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) by 15% and revenue by 17%  resulting in a trading profit of US$23m  up 149%.Strong performance by key investments: Delivery Hero grew group GMV by 8% in Q2 2023  with H1 revenue up by 27%  boosting profitability to an adjusted EBITDA of €9m. Swiggy grew GMV by 28%  as operating metrics improved  and trading losses reduced to US$208m.Classifieds – OLX Group: Strong performance  with peer-leading growth and expanding marginsClassifieds consolidated revenue grew 32%  driven by a strong performance in European auto verticals and OLX horizontal platforms.Trading profit more than doubled to US$94m  with trading profit margin increasing 12 percentage points  to 27%.Exited OLX Autos businesses (excluding the US)  with expected proceeds of US$181m.Payments & Fintech – PayU: Strong overall performance  with core Payments Service Provider (PSP) business profitable and sustained growth in Indian businessesConsolidated revenue increased 32% to US$497m  as core PSP business grew Total Payment Volume (TPV) by 20% and delivered a trading profit margin of 2%.Indian credit business grew its loan book by 66% with revenue up 31%.Consolidated trading loss narrowed to US$22m  with a 15 percentage point improvement in trading profit margin.Agreed sale of GPO business  excluding PayU Turkey and Red Dot Payment  to Rapyd for US$610m.Strong performance at Remitly in Q3 2023  with revenue increasing 43%. At 30 September 2023  value of Remitly stake approximately 5x initial investment.Edtech: Continued growth in majority-owned platforms  with investment to leverage the significant opportunity of generative AIConsolidated revenue grew 11% to US$71m with trading losses flat at US$66m  despite the macroeconomic downturn and continued investment in new technologies.Stack Overflow revenues grew 7% and successfully launched Overflow AI  a roadmap for the integration of generative AI.GoodHabitz grew revenue by 22%.South African businessesTakealot Group grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 9%  while reducing trading losses by 85%  despite challenging trading conditions.Mr D grew GMV by 15% and revenue by 11%.For full details of the Group’s results  please visit www.naspers.com.About Naspers:Established in 1915  Naspers has transformed itself to become a global consumer internet company and one of the largest technology investors in the world. Through Prosus  the group operates and invests globally in markets with long-term growth potential  building leading consumer internet companies that empower people and enrich communities. Prosus has its primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam  and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and Naspers is the majority owner of Prosus.In South Africa  Naspers is one of the foremost investors in the technology sector and is committed to building its internet and ecommerce companies. These include Takealot  Mr D Food  Superbalist  Autotrader  Property24 and PayU  in addition to Media24  South Africa’s leading print and digital media business.Naspers has a primary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (NPN.SJ)  a secondary listing on the A2X Exchange (NPN.AJ) in South Africa  and has a level 1 American Depository Receipt (ADR) programme which trades on an over-the-counter basis in the United States of America.For more information  please visit www.naspers.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231128197931/en/,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.31,0.09,True,English,"['Profitability Target', 'Naspers', 'Delivers', 'Objectives', 'Official NASPERS LIMITED press release', 'OLX Autos business units', 'Consolidated Ecommerce trading loss', 'OLX Autos Group Revenues', 'Prosus Ecommerce profitability target', 'core restaurant business', 'local currency terms', 'ongoing open-ended buyback', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'ongoing buyback programme', 'open-ended buyback programme', 'deep institutional knowledge', 'HY2023 YoY change', 'flexible balance sheet', 'Core headline earnings', 'exceptional technology companies', '49% Economic interest results', 'strong balance sheet', 'Food Delivery segments', 'Free cash inflow', 'Interim Group CEO', 'active portfolio management', 'Gross Merchandise Value', '85% Food Delivery Revenues', 'core Ecommerce portfolio', 'strong financial performance', '65% Ecommerce portfolio Revenues', 'significant profitability improvement', 'Classifieds consolidated revenue', 'active management', 'OLX Group', 'Consolidated results', 'consolidated basis', 'central cash', 'technology domains', 'free cashflow', 'Delivery Hero', 'Strong performance', 'Fintech Revenues', '78% Edtech Revenues', '4% Etail Revenues', 'Meaningful improvement', '9% margin improvement', '8x improvement', 'improved results', 'strong execution', 'strong progress', 'strong improvements', 'Trading profit', '19% trading margin', 'trading losses', 'Classifieds Revenues', 'Group results', 'Group performance', 'majority owned', 'IFRS disclosures', 'M&A', 'cross-holding agreement', 'six months', 'share accretion', 'Ervin Tu', 'substantial progress', 'long term', 'Basil Sgourdos', 'industry levels', 'key investments', 'operating metrics', 'growth percentages', 'profitable growth', 'topline growth', 'share growth', 'Industry-leading growth', 'peer-leading growth', 'Group CFO', 'H1 revenue', 'revenue growth', 'continuing operations', 'improved returns', 'real returns', 'operating businesses', 'daily NAV', 'Tencent profitability', 'Group structure', '7% NAV', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'JSE', 'NPN', 'commitments', 'fundamentals', 'time', 'removal', 'smart', 'stakeholders', 'Headlines', 'rate', 'peers', '2H', 'year', 'iFood', 'launch', 'September', 'scale', 'number', 'world', 'plans', 'approach', 'Payments', 'trajectory', 'pace', 'PayU', 'success', 'GMV', 'Q2', 'EBITDA', 'Swiggy', 'margins', '10', '17']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33326,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-SA-Good-momentum-maintained-in-Q3-2023-at-the-same-pace-as-in-H1-leading-to-a-6th-conse-45464513/,Quadient SA - Good momentum maintained in Q3 2023  at the same pace as in H1  leading to a 6th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growth,(marketscreener.com) Good momentum maintained in Q3 2023  at the same pace as in H1  leading to a 6th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growth Key highlights Both Q3 2023 and 9M 2023 consolidated sales up 2.0% organically with 9M 2023 revenue at €785 mil…,"Official QUADIENT S.A. press releaseGood momentum maintained in Q3 2023  at the same pace as in H1  leading to a 6th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growthKey highlightsBoth Q3 2023 and 9M 2023 consolidated sales up 2.0% organically (1 ) with 9M 2023 revenue at €785 millionwith 9M 2023 revenue at €785 million 9M 2023 subscription-related revenue up +3.6% on an organic basis  representing 71% of total revenueon an organic basis  €200m ARR (2 ) threshold crossed for the Software Solutionfor the Software Solution Strong performance from North America with all three solutions contributing to the +4.4% organic growth in the region in 9M 2023with all three solutions contributing to the +4.4% organic growth in the region in 9M 2023 AA rating maintained with MSCI ESG ratings. Quadient is ranked in the leader category for the 8 th consecutive yearQuadient is ranked in the leader category for the 8 consecutive year FY 2023 organic revenue growth is expected to remain broadly in line with current year-to-date level of c.2% vs. the c.3% previously expectedexpected to remain broadly in line with current year-to-date level of c.2% vs. the c.3% previously expected FY 2023 current EBIT(3) outlook confirmed at c.10% organic growth  given tight costs controlParis  29 November 2023 Quadient S.A. (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announces its 2023 third-quarter consolidated sales (period ended on 31 October 2023).Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer of Quadient S.A.  stated: “Our consistent momentum in organic revenue growth makes Q3 2023 our sixth consecutive quarter of expansion  a testament to the successful refocus of Quadient as an integrated company with leading positions in its chosen markets. In the meantime  our subscription-based organic revenue growth continues to outpace the Group overall organic growth  demonstrating further progress in our strategic shift towards a stronger recurring revenue business model across all our solutions.As evidenced by the symbiotic relationship between our Mail business and our Software segment  the synergies amongst our solutions are a decisive factor of our strategy and they empower us to leverage our greatest asset—our large and diversified customer base—through continuous cross-selling initiatives. In addition  our commitment to innovation and a differentiated suite approach for our Software Solution has delivered further growth opportunities. As a result  we have now crossed the 200 million euros mark of ARR(2) for our cloud software solution  setting Quadient as the leader in its market.Thanks to the constant upgrade of our offering  our Mail business has delivered another resilient quarter  outperforming the competition and continuously delivering solid cross-sell bookings for our Software Solution. Additionally  our ability to combine innovation with effective and differentiated go-to-market is also driving early success for our open network of parcel lockers  both in France and in the UK. The roll-out of these carrier-agnostic networks is progressing well and we are excited by the ramp up of the initial volumes both for the last mile deliveries and for the returns.Despite the more challenging macro-economic landscape resulting in extended sales cycles amongst large enterprises  our SMB sales momentum stays robust. Our focus remains steadfast on nurturing recurring revenues while navigating these market complexities and we are confident in both our business model's resilience and our ability to drive profitable growth in Q4 2023 and beyond.Finally  we welcome the arrival of new significant shareholders  namely Bpifrance and VESA Equity Investment  at a pivotal time in our history  as we are heading towards the end our three-year strategic plan and are about to present new ambitions in 2024 for our next phase of profitable growth.”NINE-MONTHS 2023 CONSOLIDATED SALESGroup sales stood at €785 million in 9M 2023  a 2.0% organic growth compared to 9M 2022 and a (1.1)% decrease on a reported basis. The variation includes a negative currency impact of €19 million and a negative scope effect of €5 million. The change of scope is related to the divestments of the Graphic activities in the Nordics and the Shipping business in France  both in June 2022  and the acquisition of Daylight in September 2023.Consolidated sales by SolutionConsolidated salesIn € million 9M 2023 9M 2022 Change Organicchange(1) Intelligent Communication Automation 179 166 +8.0% +9.7% Mail-Related Solutions(a) 539 555 (2.9)% (0.6)% Parcel Locker Solutions(a) 66 67 (0.8)% +3.9% Other solutions divested in 2022 0 5 n/a n/a Group total 785 793 (1.1)% +2.0% (a) Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions 2022 data have been restated to reflect the fact that they now include activities previously accounting for in Additional Operations.Intelligent Communication AutomationIn 9M 2023  sales from Intelligent Communication Automation demonstrated robust growth and reached €179 million  up 9.7% organically and up 8.0% on a reported basis compared to 9M 2022.Subscription-related revenue recorded a strong 17.7% organic growth  accounting for 80% of Intelligent Communication Automation total sales in 9M 2023  a significant increase compared to 75% in 9M 2022. Transitioning toward a SaaS-centric business model continued to progress  with SaaS customers representing 81% of the total Software customer base at the end of 9M 2023. Organic growth in subscription-related revenue benefited from positive contributions from all regions and from a further strong acquisition of new logos within the SMB segment across multiple sectors. Q3 2023 witnessed substantial successes in cross-selling initiatives with 36% of the software bookings initiated from the mailing customer base. However  the postponement of two large projects  and delayed decisions by major enterprises impacted the growth of subscription-related revenue in Q3.License sales and professional services continue to decline with licenses representing less than 7% of total sales and professional services declining to c.13%  primarily due to evolving customer preferences  cloud adoption requiring fewer onboarding services and customer mix evolving towards a higher share of mid-sized companies.At the end of 9M 2023  annual recurring revenue (ARR)  which is a forward-looking indicator of future subscription-related revenue  increased to €202 million. It represents a 13.4% annualized organic growth(4) versus the end of FY 2022 despite the negative impact of the postponed two large projects. Crossing the €200 million threshold establishes Quadient cloud platform as the leader in its market.Focus remains on improving the platform offering and on innovation  and since the beginning of Q3 2023  two new strategic partnerships were signed  to provide enriched corporate data for enhanced credit assessment. With Coface  the partnership offers an additional module for accounts receivable management within Quadient’s cloud platform. The second partnership with Altares further bolstered Quadient’s Account Receivables module by integrating their expertise in business data  empowering the platform’s AI capabilities for predicting payment behaviors and tailoring effective reminder strategies. The new functionalities include highly accurate company rating and credit analysis to improve the management of payment collections.Finally  Quadient received notable recognition  maintaining its 15th position in the Top 250 Ranking of French Software Companies and securing the 5th position in the ‘Horizontal Publishers’ category.Mail-Related SolutionsMail-Related Solutions sales of €539 million displayed resilience  down (2.9)% on a reported basis but only marginally down by (0.6)% on an organic basis in 9M 2023  thanks to a 0.9% positive organic growth in Q3.Of note  hardware sales recorded a 1.3% organic growth in 9M 2023  including a strong 5.7% organic growth in Q3 2023  fueled by strategic placements in North America as well as positive contribution from the France/Benelux region. This goes along with an impressive International performance over Q3 thanks to the large NBT deal in the Nordics(5)Quadient commitment to innovation is highlighted in the substantial growth of its upgraded installed base  reaching 30% by the end of 9M 2023. This positive trajectory is supported by ongoing investments in renewing the product offering  fostering the adoption of Quadient’s latest generation equipment.Importantly  cross-selling remains a key focus  as evidenced in the recent success in securing a cross-sell contract with the US Department of Veteran Affairs. This strategic win involved deploying three Quadient products  showcasing the effectiveness of the Group’s cross-sell strategy combining the latest mailing machine  with a folder/inserter and Intelligent Communication Automation software.Additionally  the continuous progress on hardware placement is accompanied by the expansion of Mail Related Solutions’ software portfolio with the launch  in Q3  of S.M.A.R.T. ESSENTIAL that allows for detailed cost accounting and multi-carrier shipping functionalities  in the USA. This expansion completes and extends the software range to meet the diverse needs of all customer segments  enhancing Quadient’s market positioning.The modest (1.4)% decline in subscription-related revenues in 9M 2023 underscores the resilience of Quadient business thanks to strong hardware placements in previous years and positive contributions from usage-related revenue  demonstrating its ability to effectively navigate the challenges of the mail industry . Quadient solid order intake and backlog also highlight the enduring strength of the business model  despite facing longer sales cycles for large deals.Parcel Locker SolutionsParcel Locker Solutions sales reached €66 million in 9M 2023  a 3.9% increase on an organic basis and a 0.8% decrease on a reported basis compared to 9M 2022. Subscription-related revenues were up 7.6% organically in the first nine months of the year but growth was lower in Q3  at +2.9%. This slowdown was mainly due to the temporary negative impact of the new commercial agreement signed with Yamato in Japan in July  while both France and North America recorded double-digit organic growth in subscription-related revenue in Q3 2023.License and hardware sales were down (3.4)% organically in 9M 2023  as they suffered from weaker placements in the retail sector in North America and the completion of the deployment of some contracts in the International region.Quadient strategic focus remains on establishing open networks of parcel lockers in the UK and France  witnessing fast volume increases that positively impact last-mile delivery and return processes. An exceptional achievement for Quadient was the recognition of the Drop box locker as the Innovation of the Year 2023 in the Parcel and Postal Technology International Awards. This accolade underscores Quadient’s commitment to designing solutions that enhance the returns experience for consumers and retailers  simplifying the collection and return processes.Quadient continues to forge impactful partnerships  the latest collaboration having been signed with GLS France to grant a privileged access to Quadient’s French open locker network to the carrier. Space will be reserved on an exclusive basis in a number of specific sites within the carrier’s priority geographical areas. GLS France will be able to access to up to 1 500 Quadient drop-off and pick-up points  including those from the Auchan partnership  signed in September 2023.Trend in parcel lockers installation accelerated in Q3 2023 with c.600 new lockers installed during the period. Quadient’s global installed locker base reached c.19 500 units at the end of 9M 2023 vs. c.18 000 units at the end of FY 2022.Consolidated sales by geographiesIn € million 9M 2023 9M 2022 Change Organicchange(1) North America 447 442 +1.1% +4.4% Main European countries(a) 263 267 (1.4)% (2.9)% International(b) 75 84 (11.5)% +5.3% Group total 785 793 (1.1)% +2.0% (a) Including Austria  Benelux  France  Germany  Ireland  Italy  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom.(b) International includes the activities of Intelligent Communication Automation  Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions outside of North America and the Main European countries as well as  in H1 2022  other solutions previously recorded under Additional Operation and divested in June 2022.Sales in North America (57% of Group sales) were up 4.4% organically to €447 million and up 1.1% on a reported basis. All three Solutions posted organic growth in 9M 2023 in the region. Intelligent Communication Automation was the main contributor with solid double-digit organic growth. The penetration of Quadient’s cloud-based solutions continues to be well supported by successful cross-selling across the Mail customer base while the Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable cloud solutions also performed well in the region. Sales from Mail-Related Solutions were supported by the still solid penetration of recently launched products.Main European countries (33% of Group sales) were down by (2.9)% organically and (1.4)% on a reported basis to €263 million  recording a contrasted performance between organic growth posted by France/Benelux and a decline in the UK and Germany.The International segment (10% of Group sales) delivered a strong 5.3% organic growth  to €75 million  thanks to the solid performance from Mail-Relation Solutions in Q3 and despite the temporary negative impact from the new contractual commercial agreement signed with Yamato.Q3 2023 SALESConsolidated sales stood at €263 million in the third quarter of 2023  up 2.0% on an organic basis and down (2.6)% on a reported basis compared to the third quarter of 2022. The variation includes a negative currency impact of €13 million and a positive scope effect of €1 million. The change of scope is related to the acquisition of Daylight in September 2023.In € million Q3 2023 Q3 2022 Change Organicchange(1) Intelligent Communication Automation 60 58 +2.7% +5.8% Mail-Related Solutions(a) 181 189 (3.7)% +0.9% Parcel Locker Solutions(a) 21 23 (6.6)% +0.9% Group total 263 270 (2.6)% +2.0% (a) Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions have been restated to reflect the fact that they now include activities previously accounting for in Additional Operations.Intelligent Communication Automation sales were up by 5.8% on an organic basis to €60 million with a double-digit growth in North America. The subscription-related revenue showed a 12.5% organic growth  a lower level than in H1 2023 mainly due to one-offs:The postponement of the implementation of two large projects  andLonger sales cycles and delayed decision making from large enterprisesMail-Related Solutions delivered a remarkable performance with revenue reaching €181 million in Q3  up by 0.9% on an organic basis with a good growth in hardware sales (+5.7%) and a resilient performance in subscription-related revenue (-1.2%). Of note  the double-digit organic growth in International.Parcel Locker Solutions sales stood at €21 million in Q3 2023  with a +0.9% organic growth compared to Q3 2022.In € million Q3 2023 Q3 2022 Change Organicchange(1)North America 152 155 (2.4)% +4.5% Main European countries(a) 85 88 (3.9)% (5.6)% International(b) 26 26 +0.4% +13.7% Group total 263 270 (2.6)% +2.0% (a) Including Austria  Benelux  France  Germany  Ireland  Italy  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom.(b) International includes the activities of Intelligent Communication Automation  Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions outside of North America and the Main European countries.North America posted 4.5% organic growth in the quarter  driven by growth in all three solutions  including double-digit organic growth in Intelligent Communication Automation.Main European Countries posted a 5.6% organic decline  despite a strong performance of Parcel Locker Solutions  benefitting from the development of the recent contracts in France. This was offset by a decline in Intelligent Communication Automation due to further change from license to SaaS business model.International increased strongly by 13.7% organically  thanks to a strong performance in hardware sales  particularly in Mail-Related Solutions.Investigations relating to the situation of the Italian and Swiss subsidiaries of Mail-Related SolutionsAs far as the accounting irregularities detected in the Mail-Related Solutions’ Italian and Swiss subsidiaries are concerned  the investigations have now confirmed that the irregularities are contained to these two subsidiaries. These investigations are however still ongoing and as stated in the H1 2023 results press release  the Group cannot exclude additional financial impacts in the 2023 financial accounts  whilst it reserves the right to take legal action against any person responsible for these accounting irregularities.OUTLOOKFY 2023 guidance and 2021-2023 financial outlookFY 2023 organic revenue growth is expected to remain broadly in line with the 2% recorded in the 9M 2023 taking into account the current macro-economic environment. The FY 2023 organic growth guidance for Group revenue is therefore adjusted to c.2% vs c.3% previously and the 2021-2023 outlook at revenue level is also adjusted accordingly.This level of organic growth together with both the operating leverage of the business and the focus on cost control enables the Group to maintain its FY 2023 guidance of c.10% organic growth at the EBIT(3) level.Revenue guidanceFY 2023 organic sales growth is expected at c.2% vs. c.3% previouslySales organic CAGR over the 2021-23 three-year period is therefore expected at c.2.5% vs. a minimum of 3% previouslyCurrent EBIT(3) guidance reiteratedFY 2023 organic growth in current EBIT ( 3 ) is expected at c.10%.is expected at c.10%. Current EBIT(3) organic CAGR is therefore confirmed at minimum mid-single digit organic(6) current EBIT(3) CAGR over the 2021-23 three-year periodBUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSQuadient positioned as leader in 2023 SPARK Matrix for accounts payable automation and accounts receivable applicationsOn 7 August 2023  Quadient announced that it has been positioned as a Leader in two global market research reports on Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable automation software solutions. Produced by management consulting firm Quadrant Knowledge Solutions  the two reports—SPARK MatrixTM: Accounts Payable Automation  2023 and SPARK MatrixTM: Accounts Receivable Applications  2023—give Quadient strong ratings across the parameters of technology excellence and customer impact.Quadient Invests in Artificial Intelligence (AI) Capabilities Leveraging Microsoft Azure AI Services to Power up its Cloud PlatformOn 24 August 2023  Quadient announced the integration of its Intelligent Communication Automation (ICA) platform with Microsoft Azure AI  a portfolio of artificial intelligence (AI) services designed for developers and data scientists backed by a secure environment and responsible AI principles. The integration of generative AI into Quadient’s cloud platform will further contribute to transforming the way organizations engage with their customers.Quadient Partners with REPAY to Deliver Exceptional Payment Experiences with Accounts Payable Automation SolutionOn 8 September 2023  Quadient announced a technology partnership with Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ: RPAY)(“REPAY”)  a leading provider of vertically-integrated payment solutions  to enhance the payment experience within Quadient’s cloud-based accounts payable (AP) automation solution. REPAY serves multiple Business Payments verticals in North America  including retail automotive  education  field services  governments and municipalities  healthcare  media  homeowner association management and hospitality.Decarbonizing delivery: more than 300 Quadient parcel lockers added to UPS France's pickup points networkOn 12 September 2023  UPS and Quadient announced their strategic partnership  giving UPS access to Quadient's parcel locker open network throughout France. This collaboration will enable UPS to complement its French pickup points network  currently the logistic company’s largest in Europe  comprising more than 6 150 UPS Access Points. Quadient  whose parcel locker business already boasts over 1 000 units in France  is continuing to roll out its open network available to the various parcel logistic players.Quadient Enriches Customer Communication Cloud Solution with Acquisition of Intelligent Form TechnologyOn 18 September 2023  Quadient announced the introduction of Quadient Inspire iForms  a new intelligent forms capability added to its Customer Communication Management (CCM) solution Quadient Inspire  following the acquisition of Daylight Automation(7).Daylight Automation  formerly FormHero  is a cloud-based low-code platform that allows organizations to rapidly build and deploy personalized digital solutions. Their customer base spans across key customer-centric industries such as banking and insurance  including three major financial institutions in Canada. Both companies had been collaborating closely since their partnership announced in 2022. The addition of this new intelligent form capacity to Quadient Inspire will bring enhanced benefits to companies looking for cloud-based solutions that help create engaging customer experiences at scale.Quadient selected as French Social Security National Agency exclusive supplier for mail management solutionsOn 28 September 2023  Quadient announced having won a major tender for the French Social Security National Agency (UCANSS). The 4-year framework agreement gives Quadient the exclusive mandate to supply a variety of mailing  inserting and letter-opening equipment to organizations affiliated to the French Social Security body.POST-CLOSING EVENTSReal estate company Galimmo partners with Quadient to simplify parcel delivery and collection at its shopping centers in FranceOn 9 October 2023  Quadient announced that Galimmo  a real estate company that owns and operates the shopping centers adjacent to Cora hypermarkets in France  will soon be offering Parcel Pending by Quadient smart parcel delivery within its French network.Quadient Partners with MFG in the UK  Expanding Innovative Open Locker NetworkOn 12 October 2023  Quadient announced a new partnership with Motor Fuel Group (MFG). MFG  one of the UK’s leading independent forecourt operators  will start hosting a number of Parcel Pending by Quadient Open Network Lockers in the coming weeks  offering 24/7 delivery and pickup for carriers and consumers across the UK.Partial purchase by Quadient under its €325 000 000.00; 2.25% notes due 2025 - ISIN Code FR0013478849On 19 October 2023  Quadient has proceeded to a partial purchase under the notes issued by Quadient on the 23rd of January 2020 for an amount of €325 000 000.00 at a rate of 2.25% due 3rd February 2025 (ISIN code FR0013478849) (the ""Notes""). The nominal amount purchased by Quadient is € 34 200 000.00.The outstanding nominal amount of the Notes after this partial purchase was € 290 800 000.00.On 9 November 2023  Quadient has proceeded to a partial purchase under the notes issued by Quadient on the 23rd January 2020 for an amount of €325 000 000.00 at a rate of 2.25% due 3rd February 2025 (ISIN code FR0013478849) (the ""Notes""). The nominal amount purchased by Quadient is € 12 200 000.00.The outstanding nominal amount of the Notes after this partial purchase is now € 278 600 000.00.Quadient Secures Good Position in the 2023 Top 250 Ranking of French Software CompaniesOn 9 November 2023  Quadient announced it has maintained its 15th position in this year’s Top 250 ranking of French software companies  also placing fifth in the ‘Horizontal Publishers’ category. The ranking takes into account 2022 software-related revenues reported by 275 software companies  including licenses  subscriptions and services.To know more about Quadient’s news flow  previous press releases are available on our website at the following address: https://invest.quadient.com/en-US/press-releases.CONFERENCE CALL & WEBCASTQuadient will host a conference call and webcast today at 6:00 pm Paris time (5:00 pm London time).To join the webcast  click on the following link: Webcast.To join the conference call  please use one of the following phone numbers:▪ France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66.▪ United States: +1 786 697 3501.▪ United Kingdom (standard international): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200.Password: QuadientA replay of the webcast will also be available on Quadient’s Investor Relations website for 12 months.CALENDARMarch 2024: Fourth quarter sales and full-year results 2023 release***About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 61 39c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr(1) 9M 2023 sales are compared to 9M 2022 sales  from which is deducted revenue from Graphics activities in the Nordics and Shipping business in France and to which is added the revenue from Daylight for a total consolidated amount of €(5) million  and are restated for an amount of €19 million negative currency impact over the period.Q3 2023 sales are compared to Q3 2022 sales  to which is added the revenue from Daylight for a total consolidated amount of €1 million  and are restated for an amount of €13 million negative currency impact over the period.(2) Annual Recurring Revenue: Forward-looking indicator of future subscription-related revenue for Intelligent Communication Automation(3) Current operating income before acquisition-related expenses(4) 9M 2023 ARR benefited from a €3.5 million positive currency impact vs. FY 2022(5) Cf to the press release published on 20 June 2023(6) Based on 2020 current operating income before acquisition-related expenses excluding Parcel Pending’s earn-out reversal  i.e €145 million  with a scope effect resulting in a €140 million proforma(7) From a financial standpoint  this acquisition is not material to Quadient’s financial results.Attachment",positive,0.94,0.06,0.01,mixed,0.72,0.11,0.18,True,English,"['6th consecutive quarter', 'organic revenue growth', 'Quadient SA', 'Good momentum', 'same pace', 'Q3', 'Official QUADIENT S.A. press release', '8 consecutive year FY 2023 organic revenue growth', 'stronger recurring revenue business model', 'FY 2023 current EBIT(3) outlook', 'subscription-based organic revenue growth', 'Software Solution Strong performance', '8 th consecutive year', 'CONSOLIDATED SALES Group sales', '6th consecutive quarter', 'sixth consecutive quarter', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'tight costs control', 'meaningful customer connections', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'diversified customer base', 'continuous cross-selling initiatives', '200 million euros mark', 'solid cross-sell bookings', 'last mile deliveries', 'challenging macro-economic landscape', 'VESA Equity Investment', 'negative currency impact', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'overall organic growth', 'extended sales cycles', 'new significant shareholders', 'three-year strategic plan', '2023 third-quarter consolidated sales', '9M 2023 subscription-related revenue', 'differentiated suite approach', 'negative scope effect', 'SMB sales momentum', 'cloud software solution', '9M 2023 AA rating', 'c.10% organic growth', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', '9M 2022 Change Organic', 'current year', '+4.4% organic growth', '2.0% organic growth', 'recurring revenues', 'total revenue', '9M 2023 revenue', 'growth opportunities', 'profitable growth', 'robust growth', 'resilient quarter', 'parcel lockers', 'Mail business', 'Shipping business', 'organic basis', 'strategic shift', 'Software segment', 'new ambitions', 'Good momentum', 'consistent momentum', 'same pace', 'Key highlights', 'North America', 'three solutions', 'date level', 'physical channels', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'successful refocus', 'integrated company', 'leading positions', 'symbiotic relationship', 'decisive factor', 'greatest asset', 'constant upgrade', 'early success', 'open network', 'carrier-agnostic networks', 'initial volumes', 'pivotal time', 'next phase', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'Other solutions', 'Additional Operations', 'leader category', 'Euronext Paris', 'large enterprises', 'Graphic activities', 'market complexities', 'Q3', 'region', 'line', '29 November', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'digital', 'period', '31 October', 'expansion', 'testament', 'markets', 'meantime', 'progress', 'synergies', 'strategy', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'result', 'offering', 'competition', 'ability', 'effective', 'France', 'UK', 'roll-out', 'ramp', 'returns', 'resilience', 'Q4', 'arrival', 'history', 'NINE-MONTHS', 'variation', 'divestments', 'Nordics', 'June', 'acquisition', 'Daylight', 'September', '2022 data', '€']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,marketscreener.com
33327,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/29/2787970/0/en/Quadient-SA-Good-momentum-maintained-in-Q3-2023-at-the-same-pace-as-in-H1-leading-to-a-6th-consecutive-quarter-of-organic-revenue-growth.html,Quadient SA - Good momentum maintained in Q3 2023  at the same pace as in H1  leading to a 6th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growth,Good momentum maintained in Q3 2023  at the same pace as in H1  leading to a 6th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growth    Key highlights    Both...,"Good momentum maintained in Q3 2023  at the same pace as in H1  leading to a 6th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growthKey highlightsBoth Q3 2023 and 9M 2023 consolidated sales up 2.0% organically (1 ) with 9M 2023 revenue at €785 millionwith 9M 2023 revenue at €785 million 9M 2023 subscription-related revenue up +3.6% on an organic basis  representing 71% of total revenueon an organic basis  €200m ARR (2 ) threshold crossed for the Software Solutionfor the Software Solution Strong performance from North America with all three solutions contributing to the +4.4% organic growth in the region in 9M 2023with all three solutions contributing to the +4.4% organic growth in the region in 9M 2023 AA rating maintained with MSCI ESG ratings. Quadient is ranked in the leader category for the 8 th consecutive yearQuadient is ranked in the leader category for the 8 consecutive year FY 2023 organic revenue growth is expected to remain broadly in line with current year-to-date level of c.2% vs. the c.3% previously expectedexpected to remain broadly in line with current year-to-date level of c.2% vs. the c.3% previously expected FY 2023 current EBIT(3) outlook confirmed at c.10% organic growth  given tight costs controlParis  29 November 2023 Quadient S.A. (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announces its 2023 third-quarter consolidated sales (period ended on 31 October 2023).Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer of Quadient S.A.  stated: “Our consistent momentum in organic revenue growth makes Q3 2023 our sixth consecutive quarter of expansion  a testament to the successful refocus of Quadient as an integrated company with leading positions in its chosen markets. In the meantime  our subscription-based organic revenue growth continues to outpace the Group overall organic growth  demonstrating further progress in our strategic shift towards a stronger recurring revenue business model across all our solutions.As evidenced by the symbiotic relationship between our Mail business and our Software segment  the synergies amongst our solutions are a decisive factor of our strategy and they empower us to leverage our greatest asset—our large and diversified customer base—through continuous cross-selling initiatives. In addition  our commitment to innovation and a differentiated suite approach for our Software Solution has delivered further growth opportunities. As a result  we have now crossed the 200 million euros mark of ARR(2) for our cloud software solution  setting Quadient as the leader in its market.Thanks to the constant upgrade of our offering  our Mail business has delivered another resilient quarter  outperforming the competition and continuously delivering solid cross-sell bookings for our Software Solution. Additionally  our ability to combine innovation with effective and differentiated go-to-market is also driving early success for our open network of parcel lockers  both in France and in the UK. The roll-out of these carrier-agnostic networks is progressing well and we are excited by the ramp up of the initial volumes both for the last mile deliveries and for the returns.Despite the more challenging macro-economic landscape resulting in extended sales cycles amongst large enterprises  our SMB sales momentum stays robust. Our focus remains steadfast on nurturing recurring revenues while navigating these market complexities and we are confident in both our business model's resilience and our ability to drive profitable growth in Q4 2023 and beyond.Finally  we welcome the arrival of new significant shareholders  namely Bpifrance and VESA Equity Investment  at a pivotal time in our history  as we are heading towards the end our three-year strategic plan and are about to present new ambitions in 2024 for our next phase of profitable growth.”NINE-MONTHS 2023 CONSOLIDATED SALESGroup sales stood at €785 million in 9M 2023  a 2.0% organic growth compared to 9M 2022 and a (1.1)% decrease on a reported basis. The variation includes a negative currency impact of €19 million and a negative scope effect of €5 million. The change of scope is related to the divestments of the Graphic activities in the Nordics and the Shipping business in France  both in June 2022  and the acquisition of Daylight in September 2023.Consolidated sales by SolutionConsolidated salesIn € million 9M 2023 9M 2022 Change Organicchange(1) Intelligent Communication Automation 179 166 +8.0% +9.7% Mail-Related Solutions(a) 539 555 (2.9)% (0.6)% Parcel Locker Solutions(a) 66 67 (0.8)% +3.9% Other solutions divested in 2022 0 5 n/a n/a Group total 785 793 (1.1)% +2.0% (a) Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions 2022 data have been restated to reflect the fact that they now include activities previously accounting for in Additional Operations.Intelligent Communication AutomationIn 9M 2023  sales from Intelligent Communication Automation demonstrated robust growth and reached €179 million  up 9.7% organically and up 8.0% on a reported basis compared to 9M 2022.Subscription-related revenue recorded a strong 17.7% organic growth  accounting for 80% of Intelligent Communication Automation total sales in 9M 2023  a significant increase compared to 75% in 9M 2022. Transitioning toward a SaaS-centric business model continued to progress  with SaaS customers representing 81% of the total Software customer base at the end of 9M 2023. Organic growth in subscription-related revenue benefited from positive contributions from all regions and from a further strong acquisition of new logos within the SMB segment across multiple sectors. Q3 2023 witnessed substantial successes in cross-selling initiatives with 36% of the software bookings initiated from the mailing customer base. However  the postponement of two large projects  and delayed decisions by major enterprises impacted the growth of subscription-related revenue in Q3.License sales and professional services continue to decline with licenses representing less than 7% of total sales and professional services declining to c.13%  primarily due to evolving customer preferences  cloud adoption requiring fewer onboarding services and customer mix evolving towards a higher share of mid-sized companies.At the end of 9M 2023  annual recurring revenue (ARR)  which is a forward-looking indicator of future subscription-related revenue  increased to €202 million. It represents a 13.4% annualized organic growth(4) versus the end of FY 2022 despite the negative impact of the postponed two large projects. Crossing the €200 million threshold establishes Quadient cloud platform as the leader in its market.Focus remains on improving the platform offering and on innovation  and since the beginning of Q3 2023  two new strategic partnerships were signed  to provide enriched corporate data for enhanced credit assessment. With Coface  the partnership offers an additional module for accounts receivable management within Quadient’s cloud platform. The second partnership with Altares further bolstered Quadient’s Account Receivables module by integrating their expertise in business data  empowering the platform’s AI capabilities for predicting payment behaviors and tailoring effective reminder strategies. The new functionalities include highly accurate company rating and credit analysis to improve the management of payment collections.Finally  Quadient received notable recognition  maintaining its 15th position in the Top 250 Ranking of French Software Companies and securing the 5th position in the ‘Horizontal Publishers’ category.Mail-Related SolutionsMail-Related Solutions sales of €539 million displayed resilience  down (2.9)% on a reported basis but only marginally down by (0.6)% on an organic basis in 9M 2023  thanks to a 0.9% positive organic growth in Q3.Of note  hardware sales recorded a 1.3% organic growth in 9M 2023  including a strong 5.7% organic growth in Q3 2023  fueled by strategic placements in North America as well as positive contribution from the France/Benelux region. This goes along with an impressive International performance over Q3 thanks to the large NBT deal in the Nordics(5)Quadient commitment to innovation is highlighted in the substantial growth of its upgraded installed base  reaching 30% by the end of 9M 2023. This positive trajectory is supported by ongoing investments in renewing the product offering  fostering the adoption of Quadient’s latest generation equipment.Importantly  cross-selling remains a key focus  as evidenced in the recent success in securing a cross-sell contract with the US Department of Veteran Affairs. This strategic win involved deploying three Quadient products  showcasing the effectiveness of the Group’s cross-sell strategy combining the latest mailing machine  with a folder/inserter and Intelligent Communication Automation software.Additionally  the continuous progress on hardware placement is accompanied by the expansion of Mail Related Solutions’ software portfolio with the launch  in Q3  of S.M.A.R.T. ESSENTIAL that allows for detailed cost accounting and multi-carrier shipping functionalities  in the USA. This expansion completes and extends the software range to meet the diverse needs of all customer segments  enhancing Quadient’s market positioning.The modest (1.4)% decline in subscription-related revenues in 9M 2023 underscores the resilience of Quadient business thanks to strong hardware placements in previous years and positive contributions from usage-related revenue  demonstrating its ability to effectively navigate the challenges of the mail industry . Quadient solid order intake and backlog also highlight the enduring strength of the business model  despite facing longer sales cycles for large deals.Parcel Locker SolutionsParcel Locker Solutions sales reached €66 million in 9M 2023  a 3.9% increase on an organic basis and a 0.8% decrease on a reported basis compared to 9M 2022. Subscription-related revenues were up 7.6% organically in the first nine months of the year but growth was lower in Q3  at +2.9%. This slowdown was mainly due to the temporary negative impact of the new commercial agreement signed with Yamato in Japan in July  while both France and North America recorded double-digit organic growth in subscription-related revenue in Q3 2023.License and hardware sales were down (3.4)% organically in 9M 2023  as they suffered from weaker placements in the retail sector in North America and the completion of the deployment of some contracts in the International region.Quadient strategic focus remains on establishing open networks of parcel lockers in the UK and France  witnessing fast volume increases that positively impact last-mile delivery and return processes. An exceptional achievement for Quadient was the recognition of the Drop box locker as the Innovation of the Year 2023 in the Parcel and Postal Technology International Awards. This accolade underscores Quadient’s commitment to designing solutions that enhance the returns experience for consumers and retailers  simplifying the collection and return processes.Quadient continues to forge impactful partnerships  the latest collaboration having been signed with GLS France to grant a privileged access to Quadient’s French open locker network to the carrier. Space will be reserved on an exclusive basis in a number of specific sites within the carrier’s priority geographical areas. GLS France will be able to access to up to 1 500 Quadient drop-off and pick-up points  including those from the Auchan partnership  signed in September 2023.Trend in parcel lockers installation accelerated in Q3 2023 with c.600 new lockers installed during the period. Quadient’s global installed locker base reached c.19 500 units at the end of 9M 2023 vs. c.18 000 units at the end of FY 2022.Consolidated sales by geographiesIn € million 9M 2023 9M 2022 Change Organicchange(1) North America 447 442 +1.1% +4.4% Main European countries(a) 263 267 (1.4)% (2.9)% International(b) 75 84 (11.5)% +5.3% Group total 785 793 (1.1)% +2.0% (a) Including Austria  Benelux  France  Germany  Ireland  Italy  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom.(b) International includes the activities of Intelligent Communication Automation  Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions outside of North America and the Main European countries as well as  in H1 2022  other solutions previously recorded under Additional Operation and divested in June 2022.Sales in North America (57% of Group sales) were up 4.4% organically to €447 million and up 1.1% on a reported basis. All three Solutions posted organic growth in 9M 2023 in the region. Intelligent Communication Automation was the main contributor with solid double-digit organic growth. The penetration of Quadient’s cloud-based solutions continues to be well supported by successful cross-selling across the Mail customer base while the Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable cloud solutions also performed well in the region. Sales from Mail-Related Solutions were supported by the still solid penetration of recently launched products.Main European countries (33% of Group sales) were down by (2.9)% organically and (1.4)% on a reported basis to €263 million  recording a contrasted performance between organic growth posted by France/Benelux and a decline in the UK and Germany.The International segment (10% of Group sales) delivered a strong 5.3% organic growth  to €75 million  thanks to the solid performance from Mail-Relation Solutions in Q3 and despite the temporary negative impact from the new contractual commercial agreement signed with Yamato.Q3 2023 SALESConsolidated sales stood at €263 million in the third quarter of 2023  up 2.0% on an organic basis and down (2.6)% on a reported basis compared to the third quarter of 2022. The variation includes a negative currency impact of €13 million and a positive scope effect of €1 million. The change of scope is related to the acquisition of Daylight in September 2023.In € million Q3 2023 Q3 2022 Change Organicchange(1) Intelligent Communication Automation 60 58 +2.7% +5.8% Mail-Related Solutions(a) 181 189 (3.7)% +0.9% Parcel Locker Solutions(a) 21 23 (6.6)% +0.9% Group total 263 270 (2.6)% +2.0% (a) Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions have been restated to reflect the fact that they now include activities previously accounting for in Additional Operations.Intelligent Communication Automation sales were up by 5.8% on an organic basis to €60 million with a double-digit growth in North America. The subscription-related revenue showed a 12.5% organic growth  a lower level than in H1 2023 mainly due to one-offs:The postponement of the implementation of two large projects  andLonger sales cycles and delayed decision making from large enterprisesMail-Related Solutions delivered a remarkable performance with revenue reaching €181 million in Q3  up by 0.9% on an organic basis with a good growth in hardware sales (+5.7%) and a resilient performance in subscription-related revenue (-1.2%). Of note  the double-digit organic growth in International.Parcel Locker Solutions sales stood at €21 million in Q3 2023  with a +0.9% organic growth compared to Q3 2022.In € million Q3 2023 Q3 2022 Change Organicchange(1)North America 152 155 (2.4)% +4.5% Main European countries(a) 85 88 (3.9)% (5.6)% International(b) 26 26 +0.4% +13.7% Group total 263 270 (2.6)% +2.0% (a) Including Austria  Benelux  France  Germany  Ireland  Italy  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom.(b) International includes the activities of Intelligent Communication Automation  Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions outside of North America and the Main European countries.North America posted 4.5% organic growth in the quarter  driven by growth in all three solutions  including double-digit organic growth in Intelligent Communication Automation.Main European Countries posted a 5.6% organic decline  despite a strong performance of Parcel Locker Solutions  benefitting from the development of the recent contracts in France. This was offset by a decline in Intelligent Communication Automation due to further change from license to SaaS business model.International increased strongly by 13.7% organically  thanks to a strong performance in hardware sales  particularly in Mail-Related Solutions.Investigations relating to the situation of the Italian and Swiss subsidiaries of Mail-Related SolutionsAs far as the accounting irregularities detected in the Mail-Related Solutions’ Italian and Swiss subsidiaries are concerned  the investigations have now confirmed that the irregularities are contained to these two subsidiaries. These investigations are however still ongoing and as stated in the H1 2023 results press release  the Group cannot exclude additional financial impacts in the 2023 financial accounts  whilst it reserves the right to take legal action against any person responsible for these accounting irregularities.OUTLOOKFY 2023 guidance and 2021-2023 financial outlookFY 2023 organic revenue growth is expected to remain broadly in line with the 2% recorded in the 9M 2023 taking into account the current macro-economic environment. The FY 2023 organic growth guidance for Group revenue is therefore adjusted to c.2% vs c.3% previously and the 2021-2023 outlook at revenue level is also adjusted accordingly.This level of organic growth together with both the operating leverage of the business and the focus on cost control enables the Group to maintain its FY 2023 guidance of c.10% organic growth at the EBIT(3) level.Revenue guidanceFY 2023 organic sales growth is expected at c.2% vs. c.3% previouslySales organic CAGR over the 2021-23 three-year period is therefore expected at c.2.5% vs. a minimum of 3% previouslyCurrent EBIT(3) guidance reiteratedFY 2023 organic growth in current EBIT ( 3 ) is expected at c.10%.is expected at c.10%. Current EBIT(3) organic CAGR is therefore confirmed at minimum mid-single digit organic(6) current EBIT(3) CAGR over the 2021-23 three-year periodBUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSQuadient positioned as leader in 2023 SPARK Matrix for accounts payable automation and accounts receivable applicationsOn 7 August 2023  Quadient announced that it has been positioned as a Leader in two global market research reports on Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable automation software solutions. Produced by management consulting firm Quadrant Knowledge Solutions  the two reports—SPARK MatrixTM: Accounts Payable Automation  2023 and SPARK MatrixTM: Accounts Receivable Applications  2023—give Quadient strong ratings across the parameters of technology excellence and customer impact.Quadient Invests in Artificial Intelligence (AI) Capabilities Leveraging Microsoft Azure AI Services to Power up its Cloud PlatformOn 24 August 2023  Quadient announced the integration of its Intelligent Communication Automation (ICA) platform with Microsoft Azure AI  a portfolio of artificial intelligence (AI) services designed for developers and data scientists backed by a secure environment and responsible AI principles. The integration of generative AI into Quadient’s cloud platform will further contribute to transforming the way organizations engage with their customers.Quadient Partners with REPAY to Deliver Exceptional Payment Experiences with Accounts Payable Automation SolutionOn 8 September 2023  Quadient announced a technology partnership with Atlanta-based Repay Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ: RPAY)(“REPAY”)  a leading provider of vertically-integrated payment solutions  to enhance the payment experience within Quadient’s cloud-based accounts payable (AP) automation solution. REPAY serves multiple Business Payments verticals in North America  including retail automotive  education  field services  governments and municipalities  healthcare  media  homeowner association management and hospitality.Decarbonizing delivery: more than 300 Quadient parcel lockers added to UPS France's pickup points networkOn 12 September 2023  UPS and Quadient announced their strategic partnership  giving UPS access to Quadient's parcel locker open network throughout France. This collaboration will enable UPS to complement its French pickup points network  currently the logistic company’s largest in Europe  comprising more than 6 150 UPS Access Points. Quadient  whose parcel locker business already boasts over 1 000 units in France  is continuing to roll out its open network available to the various parcel logistic players.Quadient Enriches Customer Communication Cloud Solution with Acquisition of Intelligent Form TechnologyOn 18 September 2023  Quadient announced the introduction of Quadient Inspire iForms  a new intelligent forms capability added to its Customer Communication Management (CCM) solution Quadient Inspire  following the acquisition of Daylight Automation(7).Daylight Automation  formerly FormHero  is a cloud-based low-code platform that allows organizations to rapidly build and deploy personalized digital solutions. Their customer base spans across key customer-centric industries such as banking and insurance  including three major financial institutions in Canada. Both companies had been collaborating closely since their partnership announced in 2022. The addition of this new intelligent form capacity to Quadient Inspire will bring enhanced benefits to companies looking for cloud-based solutions that help create engaging customer experiences at scale.Quadient selected as French Social Security National Agency exclusive supplier for mail management solutionsOn 28 September 2023  Quadient announced having won a major tender for the French Social Security National Agency (UCANSS). The 4-year framework agreement gives Quadient the exclusive mandate to supply a variety of mailing  inserting and letter-opening equipment to organizations affiliated to the French Social Security body.POST-CLOSING EVENTSReal estate company Galimmo partners with Quadient to simplify parcel delivery and collection at its shopping centers in FranceOn 9 October 2023  Quadient announced that Galimmo  a real estate company that owns and operates the shopping centers adjacent to Cora hypermarkets in France  will soon be offering Parcel Pending by Quadient smart parcel delivery within its French network.Quadient Partners with MFG in the UK  Expanding Innovative Open Locker NetworkOn 12 October 2023  Quadient announced a new partnership with Motor Fuel Group (MFG). MFG  one of the UK’s leading independent forecourt operators  will start hosting a number of Parcel Pending by Quadient Open Network Lockers in the coming weeks  offering 24/7 delivery and pickup for carriers and consumers across the UK.Partial purchase by Quadient under its €325 000 000.00; 2.25% notes due 2025 - ISIN Code FR0013478849On 19 October 2023  Quadient has proceeded to a partial purchase under the notes issued by Quadient on the 23rd of January 2020 for an amount of €325 000 000.00 at a rate of 2.25% due 3rd February 2025 (ISIN code FR0013478849) (the ""Notes""). The nominal amount purchased by Quadient is € 34 200 000.00.The outstanding nominal amount of the Notes after this partial purchase was € 290 800 000.00.On 9 November 2023  Quadient has proceeded to a partial purchase under the notes issued by Quadient on the 23rd January 2020 for an amount of €325 000 000.00 at a rate of 2.25% due 3rd February 2025 (ISIN code FR0013478849) (the ""Notes""). The nominal amount purchased by Quadient is € 12 200 000.00.The outstanding nominal amount of the Notes after this partial purchase is now € 278 600 000.00.Quadient Secures Good Position in the 2023 Top 250 Ranking of French Software CompaniesOn 9 November 2023  Quadient announced it has maintained its 15th position in this year’s Top 250 ranking of French software companies  also placing fifth in the ‘Horizontal Publishers’ category. The ranking takes into account 2022 software-related revenues reported by 275 software companies  including licenses  subscriptions and services.To know more about Quadient’s news flow  previous press releases are available on our website at the following address: https://invest.quadient.com/en-US/press-releases.CONFERENCE CALL & WEBCASTQuadient will host a conference call and webcast today at 6:00 pm Paris time (5:00 pm London time).To join the webcast  click on the following link: Webcast.To join the conference call  please use one of the following phone numbers:▪ France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66.▪ United States: +1 786 697 3501.▪ United Kingdom (standard international): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200.Password: QuadientA replay of the webcast will also be available on Quadient’s Investor Relations website for 12 months.CALENDARMarch 2024: Fourth quarter sales and full-year results 2023 release***About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 61 39c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr(1) 9M 2023 sales are compared to 9M 2022 sales  from which is deducted revenue from Graphics activities in the Nordics and Shipping business in France and to which is added the revenue from Daylight for a total consolidated amount of €(5) million  and are restated for an amount of €19 million negative currency impact over the period.Q3 2023 sales are compared to Q3 2022 sales  to which is added the revenue from Daylight for a total consolidated amount of €1 million  and are restated for an amount of €13 million negative currency impact over the period.(2) Annual Recurring Revenue: Forward-looking indicator of future subscription-related revenue for Intelligent Communication Automation(3) Current operating income before acquisition-related expenses(4) 9M 2023 ARR benefited from a €3.5 million positive currency impact vs. FY 2022(5) Cf to the press release published on 20 June 2023(6) Based on 2020 current operating income before acquisition-related expenses excluding Parcel Pending’s earn-out reversal  i.e €145 million  with a scope effect resulting in a €140 million proforma(7) From a financial standpoint  this acquisition is not material to Quadient’s financial results.Attachment",positive,0.94,0.06,0.01,mixed,0.71,0.11,0.18,True,English,"['6th consecutive quarter', 'organic revenue growth', 'Quadient SA', 'Good momentum', 'same pace', 'Q3', '8 consecutive year FY 2023 organic revenue growth', 'stronger recurring revenue business model', 'FY 2023 current EBIT(3) outlook', 'subscription-based organic revenue growth', 'Software Solution Strong performance', '8 th consecutive year', 'CONSOLIDATED SALES Group sales', '6th consecutive quarter', 'sixth consecutive quarter', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'tight costs control', 'meaningful customer connections', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'diversified customer base', 'continuous cross-selling initiatives', '200 million euros mark', 'solid cross-sell bookings', 'last mile deliveries', 'challenging macro-economic landscape', 'VESA Equity Investment', 'negative currency impact', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'overall organic growth', 'extended sales cycles', 'new significant shareholders', 'three-year strategic plan', '2023 third-quarter consolidated sales', '9M 2023 subscription-related revenue', 'differentiated suite approach', 'negative scope effect', 'SMB sales momentum', 'cloud software solution', '9M 2023 AA rating', 'c.10% organic growth', 'Quadient S.A.', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', '9M 2022 Change Organic', 'current year', '+4.4% organic growth', '2.0% organic growth', 'recurring revenues', 'total revenue', '9M 2023 revenue', 'growth opportunities', 'profitable growth', 'robust growth', 'resilient quarter', 'parcel lockers', 'Mail business', 'Shipping business', 'organic basis', 'strategic shift', 'Software segment', 'new ambitions', 'Good momentum', 'consistent momentum', 'same pace', 'Key highlights', 'North America', 'three solutions', 'date level', 'physical channels', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'successful refocus', 'integrated company', 'leading positions', 'symbiotic relationship', 'decisive factor', 'greatest asset', 'constant upgrade', 'early success', 'open network', 'carrier-agnostic networks', 'initial volumes', 'pivotal time', 'next phase', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'Other solutions', 'Additional Operations', 'leader category', 'Euronext Paris', 'large enterprises', 'Graphic activities', 'market complexities', 'Q3', 'region', 'line', '29 November', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'digital', 'period', '31 October', 'expansion', 'testament', 'markets', 'meantime', 'progress', 'synergies', 'strategy', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'result', 'offering', 'competition', 'ability', 'effective', 'France', 'UK', 'roll-out', 'ramp', 'returns', 'resilience', 'Q4', 'arrival', 'history', 'NINE-MONTHS', 'variation', 'divestments', 'Nordics', 'June', 'acquisition', 'Daylight', 'September', '2022 data', '€']",2023-11-29,2023-11-30,globenewswire.com
33328,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euronext-completes-cash-equity-clearing-migration-phase/,Euronext completes cash equity clearing migration phase,The move is paving the way for the continued expansion of Euronext Clearing with financial and commodity derivatives confirmed for Q3 2024. Euronext has completed the expansion of the Euronext Clearing offering to cash markets  specifically to France ...,Euronext has completed the expansion of the Euronext Clearing offering to cash markets  specifically to France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal.The move is the next step in the business’ “Growth for Impact 2024” strategy and follows the expansion of its clearing activities to Euronext Brussels earlier this month. Euronext Clearing is now the pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash markets and the move is set to foster a unified European financial market and ecosystem.Read more: Euronext continues investment in clearing business with 50 new hiresAs of the 27 November  Euronext Clearing now clears: equities  ETFs  structured products  warrants  and bonds across six Euronext markets and the new development will contribute to reducing fragmentation in European capital markets.The offering clears around two million transactions on a daily basis for its 52 European and local clearing members. Of these  37 were onboarded as part of the expansion – which included all major clearing members of the industry.The move is paving the way for the continued expansion of Euronext Clearing with financial and commodity derivatives confirmed for Q3 2024.Through its expanded pan-European multi-asset-class CCP  Euronext will provide a single platform for clients to manage – and access information on – their collateral  risk  and clearing.According to Euronext  with this migration Euronext Clearing is established “as the central counterparty (CCP) of choice for Euronext’s cash markets  which process around 25% of European cash trading”.Euronext obtained CC&G – now Euronext Clearing – in April 2021 as part of its acquisition of Borsa Italiana from the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) in a move aimed at alleviating competition concerns around its $27 billion Refinitiv deal.Stéphane Boujnah  chief executive and chair of the managing board of Euronext  said: “This move will enable us to further cater to our clients along the entire trading value chain  unlocking new opportunities to develop innovative solutions in a more agile way.”The expansion of Euronext’s clearing offering is set to significantly contribute to reaching the €70 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies targeted by the end of 2023. Further  the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan is aiming for a €115 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies by end of 2024.Elsewhere  Euronext has confirmed that is it continuing to work toward the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq next quarter.Read more: ION’s LIST completes client migration onto Euronext’s Optiq trading platformIn an announcement  Attia asserted: “Euronext’s extensive European presence positions it with the necessary infrastructure to establish a resilient pan-European clearing house. The efficiency and market security of a clearing house relies on its ability to manage various asset classes and markets  and Euronext is leveraging the diversity of its different markets to enhance Euronext Clearing  as a truly European clearing provider.This endeavour has involved substantial investments in technology  talents  and a new risk framework  with the backing of clients to ensure its success.”Last year  Euronext and LCH RepoClear concurrently launched Value at Risk (VaR) methodologies across the respective debt markets they clear  enhancing the efficiency and reliability of risk capture and allocation within the financial system.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['cash equity clearing migration phase', 'Euronext', '€70 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '€115 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'entire trading value chain', 'resilient pan-European clearing house', 'unified European financial market', 'two million transactions', '$27 billion Refinitiv deal', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'various asset classes', 'extensive European presence', 'European cash trading', 'respective debt markets', 'pan-European multi-asset-class CCP', 'local clearing members', 'major clearing members', 'European capital markets', 'European clearing provider', 'Optiq trading platform', 'new risk framework', 'six Euronext markets', 'Euronext cash markets', 'Euronext Clearing offering', 'market security', 'single platform', 'different markets', 'financial system', 'clearing activities', '50 new hires', 'new development', 'new opportunities', 'next step', 'daily basis', 'commodity derivatives', 'central counterparty', 'CC&G', 'Borsa Italiana', 'competition concerns', 'chief executive', 'managing board', 'innovative solutions', 'strategic plan', 'Italian derivatives', 'necessary infrastructure', 'substantial investments', 'LCH RepoClear', 'VaR) methodologies', 'risk capture', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Impact 2024” strategy', 'agile way', 'client migration', 'continued expansion', 'business’ “Growth', '52 European', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'move', 'ecosystem', '27 November', 'equities', 'ETFs', 'products', 'warrants', 'bonds', 'fragmentation', 'industry', 'Q3', 'clients', 'information', 'collateral', 'choice', 'April', 'acquisition', 'LSEG', 'chair', 'end', 'LIST', 'announcement', 'Attia', 'efficiency', 'ability', 'diversity', 'technology', 'talents', 'backing', 'success', 'allocation']",2023-11-30,2023-11-30,thetradenews.com
33329,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/cnova-n-v-change-board-192600855.html,Cnova N.V. Change to the Board of Directors,AMSTERDAM – November 30 2023  20:00 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) today announces a change to its Board of Directors. Following the completion of the transaction pursuant to which Casino ...,CNOVA N.V.Change to the Board of DirectorsAMSTERDAM – November 30 2023  20:00 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) today announces a change to its Board of Directors.Following the completion of the transaction pursuant to which Casino-Guichard-Perrachon S.A. acquired CBD Luxembourg Holding from GPA (Companhia Brasileira de Distribuição) which increased Casino's stake in Cnova  directly and through wholly-owned subsidiaries  to 98.8%  Messrs. Eleazar de Carvalho  Vice-Chairman and non-executive director of the Company  Guillaume Michaloux  non-executive director of the Company and Christophe Hidalgo  non-executive director of the Company  have resigned their directorships as per the date hereof.The Company’s Board of Directors and management are most grateful to Messrs. De Carvalho  Michaloux and Hidalgo for their dedication and valuable contribution to the Company.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 7.8 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-Logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Casino group  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.Story continues***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel : +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['Cnova N.V. Change', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', '20:00 CET Cnova N.V.', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Casino-Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'CBD Luxembourg Holding', 'Companhia Brasileira de', 'Eleazar de Carvalho', '7.8 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'Messrs. De Carvalho', 'Media contact', 'Service solutions', 'advertising services', 'French law', 'Euronext Paris', 'Distribuição', 'executive director', 'valuable contribution', 'art website', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'priced goods', 'B2B clients', 'news releases', 'press release', 'gereglementeerde informatie', 'financieel toezicht', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'Guillaume Michaloux', 'Christophe Hidalgo', 'Casino group', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'The Company', 'Change', 'Board', 'Directors', 'AMSTERDAM', 'November', 'CNV', 'completion', 'transaction', 'GPA', 'stake', 'subsidiaries', 'Vice-Chairman', 'date', 'management', 'dedication', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'entertainment', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-Logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'meaning', 'Story', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'vae', 'solis', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-11-30,2023-11-30,uk.finance.yahoo.com
33330,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-11/60802107-quadient-quadient-surpasses-euro-200-million-in-software-annual-recurring-revenue-at-the-end-of-the-third-quarter-2023-399.htm,QUADIENT: Quadient surpasses €200 million in Software Annual Recurring Revenue at the end of the third quarter 2023,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces it has reached a significant milestone as its Sof,"Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces it has reached a significant milestone as its Software Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR)  a forward-looking indicator of future subscription revenue  surpassed €202 million at the end of the third quarter of the 2023 fiscal year  started on February 1  2023.Growth in ARR has been accelerating since 2019 with a change in business model from license to software as a service (SaaS)  resulting in the ARR nearly doubling in less than 4 years  and with subscription-related revenue increasing from 50% to 80% of total software revenue over the same period. At the end of the third quarter  Quadient's software delivered a strong 13.4% annualized organic growth in ARR  demonstrating Quadient's capacity to continuously outperform the key players in the SaaS software solutions market. The strength of Quadient's cloud-based solutions comes from a differentiated go-to-market approach  with privileged access to 440 000 Quadient customers driving a successful cross-sales strategy and solid sales bookings in Quadient's main markets  France  Germany  UK and North America.""Quadient's cloud solutions are delivering substantial growth in ARR  placing us side by side with the most valued software companies in the market "" commented Geoffrey Godet  CEO of Quadient. ""This performance is the result of our continued focus on providing innovative solutions that address key customer challenges in business and financial process automation and digitization  from small to large organizations. Quadient's comprehensive roadmap and vision position us as a key player in cloud-based business solutions. I am proud of the Quadient team's dedication to empowering businesses in their digital transformation journey.""Quadient cloud solutions have been highlighted in independent management consulting firm Quadrant Knowledge Solutions' SPARK Matrix  listing Quadient as a Leader in the Accounts Payable  Accounts Receivable and CCM markets on a regular basis. Quadient's leadership has also been recently evidenced by the solid 15th position maintained in this year's Top 250 ranking of French software companies.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world's most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsInvestor RelationsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 61 39c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comMedia relationsJoe Scolaro  QuadientGlobal Press Relations Manager+1 203-301-3673j.scolaro@quadient.com",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Software Annual Recurring Revenue', 'third quarter', 'QUADIENT', 'end', ""Quadrant Knowledge Solutions' SPARK Matrix"", 'independent management consulting firm', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'three key solution areas', 'strong 13.4% annualized organic growth', 'Media relations Joe Scolaro', 'Software Annual Recurring Revenue', 'SaaS software solutions market', 'meaningful customer connections', 'future subscription revenue', 'successful cross-sales strategy', 'solid sales bookings', 'financial process automation', 'solid 15th position', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'key customer challenges', 'total software revenue', 'valued software companies', 'French software companies', 'digital transformation journey', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'cloud-based business solutions', 'Quadient cloud solutions', 'cloud-based solutions', 'Investor Relations', 'subscription-related revenue', 'j.scolaro', 'innovative solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'key players', 'market approach', 'substantial growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'significant milestone', 'looking indicator', 'third quarter', 'business model', 'same period', 'privileged access', 'main markets', 'North America', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'continued focus', 'large organizations', 'comprehensive roadmap', 'Accounts Payable', 'Accounts Receivable', 'CCM markets', 'regular basis', 'Top 250 ranking', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', '2023 fiscal year', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Quadient team', 'Quadient shares', '440,000 Quadient customers', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'ARR', 'forward', 'February', 'change', 'license', 'service', 'less', '4 years', 'capacity', 'strength', 'differentiated', 'France', 'Germany', 'UK', 'side', 'CEO', 'performance', 'result', 'digitization', 'small', 'vision', 'dedication', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts']",2023-11-06,2023-11-30,finanznachrichten.de
33331,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40275881,Euronext wheat regains ground,PARIS: Euronext wheat futures rose on Wednesday as signs of renewed demand from Morocco added impetus to a technical recovery from two-year lows  traders said. March wheat  the most active contract on Paris-based Euronext  was up 1.5% at 226.00 euros ($248 ...,PARIS: Euronext wheat futures rose on Wednesday as signs of renewed demand from Morocco added impetus to a technical recovery from two-year lows  traders said.March wheat  the most active contract on Paris-based Euronext  was up 1.5% at 226.00 euros ($248.01) per metric ton by 1558 GMT  moving away from Tuesday’s low of 221.25 that was the weakest for the contract since early February 2022.Chicago wheat also climbed as it recovered from contract lows earlier this week. In Morocco  the authorities have decided to extend a subsidised wheat import programme  which currently runs to end-December  for the January-April period.Traders also cited talk that Moroccan importers have booked between 120 000 and 150 000 tons of French wheat for nearby shipment in December  attracted by this week’s low prices.,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Euronext wheat', 'ground', 'wheat import programme', 'Euronext wheat futures', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'March wheat', 'Chicago wheat', 'French wheat', 'technical recovery', 'two-year lows', 'metric ton', 'early February', 'January-April period', 'Moroccan importers', 'nearby shipment', 'low prices', 'active contract', 'contract lows', 'Wednesday', 'signs', 'demand', 'Morocco', 'impetus', 'traders', '226.00 euros', '1558 GMT', 'Tuesday', 'authorities', 'subsidised', 'December', 'talk', '150,000 tons', 'week', '120,000']",2023-11-30,2023-11-30,brecorder.com
33332,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-11/60801650-voltalia-73-megawatts-won-in-france-399.htm,Voltalia: 73 megawatts won in France,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces being the winner of a call for tenders issued by the Commission de Régulation de l'Energie (CRE) for three wind farm development  with a total ...,"73 megawatts won in FranceVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces being the winner of a call for tenders issued by the Commission de Régulation de l'Energie (CRE) for three wind farm development  with a total capacity of 73 megawatts.The first winning project will be located in Côte d'Or (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region)  with ten wind turbines and a total output of 33.6 megawatts. The second will be located in Deux-Sèvres (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region)  with seven wind turbines and a total output of 26.1 megawatts. Finally  the third winner will be located in Indre (Centre-Val de Loire region)  with five wind turbines and a total capacity of 13.5 megawatts.""We are very pleased to have won these new projects  which illustrate the expertise of Voltalia's teams in France  where the company has a portfolio of projects under development of more than two gigawatts "" said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next on the agenda: Q4 2023 turnover  on January 31  2024 (after market close)",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Voltalia', '73 megawatts', 'France', 'Commission de Régulation', ""Côte d'Or"", 'Centre-Val de Loire region', 'three wind farm development', 'ten wind turbines', 'seven wind turbines', 'five wind turbines', 'first winning project', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region', 'Nouvelle-Aquitaine region', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'total capacity', 'total output', 'Deux-Sèvres', 'two gigawatts', 'Q4 2023 turnover', 'third winner', 'new projects', '73 megawatts', 'France', 'Voltalia', 'call', 'tenders', 'CRE', '33.6 megawatts', '26.1 megawatts', 'Indre', '13.5 megawatts', 'expertise', 'teams', 'company', 'portfolio', 'CEO', 'agenda', 'January', 'market']",2023-11-06,2023-11-30,finanznachrichten.de
