UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57516,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/correction-valmet-confirms-the-key-dates-for-its-second-dividend-instalment-eur-0-67-per-share-to-be-paid-out-on-october-8--2026--302897250.html,CORRECTION: Valmet confirms the key dates for its second dividend instalment: EUR 0.67 per share to be paid out on October 8  2026,ESPOO  Finland  Oct. 2  2026/PRNewswire/ -- Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on October 2  2026 at 5:00 p.m. EEST The payment date of the second dividend instalment was incorrect in the stock exchange release published by Valmet on September 29  2026 at 9:…,ESPOO  Finland  Oct. 2  2026/PRNewswire/ -- Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on October 2  2026 at 5:00 p.m. EESTThe payment date of the second dividend instalment was incorrect in the stock exchange release published by Valmet on September 29  2026 at 9:00 a.m. EEST. The correct payment date is October 8  2026  not October 7  2026. The other information is unchanged. The corrected release is presented below in its entirety.Valmet confirms the key dates for its second dividend instalment: EUR 0.67 per share to be paid out on October 8  2026Valmet's Board of Directors has confirmed that the second instalment of the dividend for the 2025 financial year  EUR 0.67 per share  will be paid on October 8  2026. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who were registered in Valmet's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which was October 1  2026.As decided by Valmet'sAGM 2026  Valmet is paying a total dividend of EUR 1.35 per share for 2025 in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.68 per share was paid on April 9  2026.Valmet's dividend policy is to pay out at least 50% of the profit for the period as dividend. The dividend payout ratio for 2025 is 89%.Further information:PekkaRouhiainen  VP  Investor Relations  Valmet  tel. +358 10 672 0020VALMETNiklas NylundInterim CFOPekkaRouhiainenVP  Investor RelationsDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.valmet.comValmet is a global technology leader in serving process industries. We work with our customers throughout the lifecycle  delivering cutting-edge technologies and services  as well as mission-critical automation and flow control solutions. Backed by more than 225 years of industrial experience and a global team of 18 500 professionals close to customers  we are uniquely positioned to transform industries toward a regenerative tomorrow.In 2025  Valmet's net sales totaled approximately EUR 5.2 billion. Our head office is in Espoo  Finland  and we have experts in approximately 40 countries around the world. Valmet's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Follow us on valmet.com | X | X (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/r/correction--valmet-confirms-the-key-dates-for-its-second-dividend-instalment--eur-0-67-per-share-to- c4404128,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['second dividend instalment', 'key dates', 'CORRECTION', 'Valmet', 'share', 'October', 'flow control solutions', 'global technology leader', 'stock exchange release', 'correct payment date', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Investor Relations DISTRIBUTION', 'dividend record date', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'second dividend instalment', 'second instalment', 'first instalment', 'global team', 'total dividend', 'dividend policy', '2025 financial year', 'two instalments', 'Niklas Nylund', 'Interim CFO', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Major media', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'mission-critical automation', 'industrial experience', 'regenerative tomorrow', 'net sales', 'head office', 'personal data', 'other information', 'Further information', ""shareholders' register"", 'process industries', 'key dates', 'news.cision', 'Valmet Oyj', 'ESPOO', 'Oct.', 'PRNewswire', 'October', 'EEST', 'September', '9:00 a', 'entirety', 'Board', 'Directors', 'sAGM', 'April', 'profit', 'period', 'PekkaRouhiainen', 'VP', 'tel', 'serving', 'customers', 'lifecycle', 'services', '225 years', '18,500 professionals', 'experts', '40 countries', 'world', 'shares', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Processing', 'correction', 'second-dividend-instalment', '5:00']",2026-10-02,2026-10-03,prnewswire.com
57517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/0456c375537de267,TP: Monthly Information Regarding Shares and Voting Rights,(Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the Règlement général of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  October 02  2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:TP (Paris:TEP):Stock Market: Euronext Paris – compartment AISIN …,(Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the Règlement général of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  October 02  2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:TP (Paris:TEP):Stock Market: Euronext Paris – compartment AISIN Code: FR0000051807As of…This story appeared on finance.yahoo.com   2026-10-02 16:23:00.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly Information', 'Voting Rights', 'TP', 'Shares', 'Règlement général', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'ISIN Code', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Stock Market', 'compartment A', 'finance.yahoo', 'Euronext Paris', 'Article', 'October', 'TP', 'TEP', 'story']",2026-10-02,2026-10-03,biztoc.com
57518,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xryma-plc---resignation-of-independent-non-executive-directors-302897239.html,Xryma Plc - Resignation of Independent Non-Executive Directors,NICOSIA  Cyprus  Oct. 2  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors (BOD) of Xryma Plc (Company)  a regulated banktech group providing cross-border open banking  international transactional banking and real-time EU and UK payment services  trading as ISX Fin…,"NICOSIA  Cyprus  Oct. 2  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors (BOD) of Xryma Plc (Company)  a regulated banktech group providing cross-border open banking  international transactional banking and real-time EU and UK payment services  trading as ISX Financial®  announces that Mr. Christakis Taoushanis and Mr. Adonis Pegasiou have resigned as Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company  with effect from 30th September  2026.Mr. TaoushanisMr. Christakis (Takis) Taoushanis has served on the BOD of the Company for nearly 10 years  and has chaired the Company since it first achieved regulatory authorisation as an Electronic Money Institution from the Central Bank of Cyprus (CBC). Mr. Taoushanis has chaired the Company through a demerger process  seven years of continuous profits  preparation for admission to listing on Euronext Paris  adding the major milestones of the Company's direct T2 RTGS participation going live on European Central Bank infrastructure  and preparation for direct connection to the Bank of England.The CBC's governance policies do not consider any director that has served for more than 10 years on a CBC-regulated company's board as being independent. Those policies also require that there are more independent non-executive directors on the BOD than executive directors.Mr. Taoushanis has advised the BOD that his resignation follows the CBC's policies  as he can no longer be considered an independent director and that  as a consequence  his tenure as Chairman of the BOD could not continue.Mr. Nikogiannis Karantzis  Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Xryma Plc  said: ""On behalf of the Company and in my personal capacity  I would like to thank Takis for his leadership of the Company  and his mentorship. Takis is an experienced banker  well regarded in the industry  and will be missed by the directors and staff alike. I thank him for his extensive contributions to the Company  and wish him all the best for the future.""Mr. PegasiouMr. Adonis Pegasiou has served on the BOD of the Company for more than four years  having first been appointed on 17 June 2022 as an independent non-executive director.Mr. Pegasiou holds a full-time professional role as Academic Director of the European Institute of Management and Finance (EIMF)  a role requiring more of his time and attention. At the same time  the Company's business activities and projects are becoming more complex  requiring greater involvement from Board members  including additional time to become familiar with key areas in order to be in position to ensure effective oversight and contribution.Mr. Pegasiou has informed the BOD that he does not currently have sufficient time to allocate to these matters. In these circumstances  he considers it appropriate to step down  as he would not wish his other professional commitments to compromise his ability to fulfil his responsibilities as a Board member  and up to the standard required under CBC requirements.Mr. Nikogiannis Karantzis  Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Xryma Plc  said: ""I would like to thank Adonis for his diligent and considered contribution to the Board and its committees over more than four years of service. His expertise in governance  risk and compliance has been valuable to the Company  and we respect his decision to prioritise his expanding responsibilities at EIMF. On behalf of the Board  I thank him for his service and wish him every success for the future.""About Xryma PlcXryma Plc  which trades as ISX Financial®  is a regulated  vertically integrated banktech group headquartered in Cyprus with operation centres in Cyprus  Lithuania and the United Kingdom. Authorised as an Electronic Money Institution by the Central Bank of Cyprus for the EEA and by the UK Financial Conduct Authority  the Company is one of the first non-bank direct participants in the Eurosystem's T2 settlement system  settling in central bank money.Media contact : [email protected]",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.17,0.43,True,English,"['Independent Non-Executive Directors', 'Xryma Plc', 'Resignation', 'regulated, vertically integrated banktech group', 'first non-bank direct participants', 'direct T2 RTGS participation', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'European Central Bank infrastructure', 'regulated banktech group', 'UK payment services', 'T2 settlement system', 'cross-border open banking', 'international transactional banking', 'Electronic Money Institution', 'other professional commitments', 'Group Managing Director', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Nikogiannis Karantzis', 'independent non-executive director', 'central bank money', 'full-time professional role', 'Mr. Adonis Pegasiou', 'Mr. Christakis Taoushanis', 'direct connection', 'European Institute', 'Mr. Pegasiou', 'ISX Financial®', 'executive directors', 'Mr. Taoushanis', 'Academic Director', 'Xryma Plc', 'real-time EU', '30th September', 'regulatory authorisation', 'demerger process', 'continuous profits', 'Euronext Paris', 'major milestones', 'personal capacity', 'experienced banker', 'extensive contributions', 'business activities', 'greater involvement', 'key areas', 'effective oversight', 'operation centres', 'United Kingdom', 'Media contact', 'same time', 'additional time', 'sufficient time', 'seven years', 'four years', 'The CBC', 'CBC requirements', 'expanding responsibilities', 'Board members', 'CBC-regulated company', 'governance policies', '10 years', 'NICOSIA', 'Cyprus', 'BOD', 'preparation', 'admission', 'England', 'resignation', 'consequence', 'tenure', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'leadership', 'mentorship', 'industry', 'staff', 'future', '17 June', 'Management', 'Finance', 'EIMF', 'attention', 'projects', 'position', 'matters', 'circumstances', 'ability', 'standard', 'diligent', 'committees', 'expertise', 'risk', 'compliance', 'decision', 'success', 'Lithuania', 'EEA', 'Eurosystem']",2026-10-02,2026-10-03,prnewswire.com
57519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xryma-plc---resignation-of-independent-non-executive-directors-302897235.html,Xryma Plc - Resignation of Independent Non-Executive Directors,NICOSIA  Cyprus  Oct. 2  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors (BOD) of Xryma Plc (Company)  a regulated banktech group providing cross-border open banking  international transactional banking and real-time EU and UK payment services  trading as ISX Fin…,"NICOSIA  Cyprus  Oct. 2  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors (BOD) of Xryma Plc (Company)  a regulated banktech group providing cross-border open banking  international transactional banking and real-time EU and UK payment services  trading as ISX Financial®  announces that Mr. Christakis Taoushanis and Mr. Adonis Pegasiou have resigned as Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company  with effect from 30th September  2026.Mr. TaoushanisMr. Christakis (Takis) Taoushanis has served on the BOD of the Company for nearly 10 years  and has chaired the Company since it first achieved regulatory authorisation as an Electronic Money Institution from the Central Bank of Cyprus (CBC). Mr. Taoushanis has chaired the Company through a demerger process  seven years of continuous profits  preparation for admission to listing on Euronext Paris  adding the major milestones of the Company's direct T2 RTGS participation going live on European Central Bank infrastructure  and preparation for direct connection to the Bank of England.The CBC's governance policies do not consider any director that has served for more than 10 years on a CBC-regulated company's board as being independent. Those policies also require that there are more independent non-executive directors on the BOD than executive directors.Mr. Taoushanis has advised the BOD that his resignation follows the CBC's policies  as he can no longer be considered an independent director and that  as a consequence  his tenure as Chairman of the BOD could not continue.Mr. Nikogiannis Karantzis  Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Xryma Plc  said: ""On behalf of the Company and in my personal capacity  I would like to thank Takis for his leadership of the Company  and his mentorship. Takis is an experienced banker  well regarded in the industry  and will be missed by the directors and staff alike. I thank him for his extensive contributions to the Company  and wish him all the best for the future.""Mr. PegasiouMr. Adonis Pegasiou has served on the BOD of the Company for more than four years  having first been appointed on 17 June 2022 as an independent non-executive director.Mr. Pegasiou holds a full-time professional role as Academic Director of the European Institute of Management and Finance (EIMF)  a role requiring more of his time and attention. At the same time  the Company's business activities and projects are becoming more complex  requiring greater involvement from Board members  including additional time to become familiar with key areas in order to be in position to ensure effective oversight and contribution.Mr. Pegasiou has informed the BOD that he does not currently have sufficient time to allocate to these matters. In these circumstances  he considers it appropriate to step down  as he would not wish his other professional commitments to compromise his ability to fulfil his responsibilities as a Board member  and up to the standard required under CBC requirements.Mr. Nikogiannis Karantzis  Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Xryma Plc  said: ""I would like to thank Adonis for his diligent and considered contribution to the Board and its committees over more than four years of service. His expertise in governance  risk and compliance has been valuable to the Company  and we respect his decision to prioritise his expanding responsibilities at EIMF. On behalf of the Board  I thank him for his service and wish him every success for the future.""About Xryma PlcXryma Plc  which trades as ISX Financial®  is a regulated  vertically integrated banktech group headquartered in Cyprus with operation centres in Cyprus  Lithuania and the United Kingdom. Authorised as an Electronic Money Institution by the Central Bank of Cyprus for the EEA and by the UK Financial Conduct Authority  the Company is one of the first non-bank direct participants in the Eurosystem's T2 settlement system  settling in central bank money.Media contact : [email protected]SOURCE Xryma Plc",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.17,0.43,True,English,"['Independent Non-Executive Directors', 'Xryma Plc', 'Resignation', 'regulated, vertically integrated banktech group', 'direct T2 RTGS participation', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'European Central Bank infrastructure', 'regulated banktech group', 'UK payment services', 'T2 settlement system', 'cross-border open banking', 'international transactional banking', 'Electronic Money Institution', 'other professional commitments', 'Group Managing Director', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'bank direct participants', 'Mr. Nikogiannis Karantzis', 'central bank money', 'independent non-executive director', 'full-time professional role', 'SOURCE Xryma Plc', 'Mr. Adonis Pegasiou', 'Mr. Christakis Taoushanis', 'direct connection', 'European Institute', 'Mr. Pegasiou', 'ISX Financial®', 'executive directors', 'Mr. Taoushanis', 'Academic Director', 'real-time EU', '30th September', 'regulatory authorisation', 'demerger process', 'continuous profits', 'Euronext Paris', 'major milestones', 'personal capacity', 'experienced banker', 'extensive contributions', 'business activities', 'greater involvement', 'key areas', 'effective oversight', 'operation centres', 'United Kingdom', 'Media contact', 'same time', 'additional time', 'sufficient time', 'seven years', 'four years', 'The CBC', 'CBC requirements', 'expanding responsibilities', 'Board members', 'CBC-regulated company', 'governance policies', '10 years', 'NICOSIA', 'Cyprus', 'BOD', 'preparation', 'admission', 'England', 'resignation', 'consequence', 'tenure', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'leadership', 'mentorship', 'industry', 'staff', 'future', '17 June', 'Management', 'Finance', 'EIMF', 'attention', 'projects', 'position', 'matters', 'circumstances', 'ability', 'standard', 'diligent', 'committees', 'expertise', 'risk', 'compliance', 'decision', 'success', 'Lithuania', 'EEA', 'Eurosystem']",2026-10-02,2026-10-03,prnewswire.com
57520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sanofi-and-2026-nba-champion-karl-anthony-towns-team-up-to-raise-awareness-of-covid-19-vaccination-with-nuvaxovid-302897293.html,Sanofi and 2026 NBA Champion Karl-Anthony Towns team up to raise awareness of COVID-19 vaccination with NUVAXOVID®,The six-time NBA All-Star  three-time All-NBA selection  2016 NBA Rookie of the Year  and 2026 NBA Champion Karl-Anthony Towns brings his personal experience with COVID-19 to encourage eligible people  especially those at increased risk  to learn about their …,"The six-time NBA All-Star  three-time All-NBA selection  2016 NBA Rookie of the Year  and 2026 NBA Champion Karl-Anthony Towns brings his personal experience with COVID-19 to encourage eligible people  especially those at increased risk  to learn about their vaccination optionsTowns shares why protecting his health remains a priority and encourages informed conversations about COVID-19 vaccinationThe campaign highlights NUVAXOVID  the only FDA-approved protein-based  non-mRNA COVID-19 vaccineMORRISTOWN  N.J.  Oct. 2  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Sanofi has partnered with 2026 NBA Champion Karl-Anthony Towns to help raise awareness about the importance of COVID-19 vaccination among those eligible during the respiratory season. Through a series of digital and social media activations  Towns will share his personal perspective on the impact COVID-19 had on his life and family  why protecting his health remains a priority  and encourage people to have informed conversations with their healthcare providers about COVID-19 vaccination options  including NUVAXOVID® (COVID-19 Vaccine  Adjuvanted).NUVAXOVID  the only FDA-approved protein-based  non-mRNA COVID-19 vaccine  is a vaccination option built on recombinant protein technology  a vaccine platform that has been used for years in certain modern flu vaccines.As an elite athlete  Towns understands the importance of preparation  performance  and staying healthy. The campaign will help drive awareness about the continued risks of COVID-19  and the importance of making prevention a health priority. Education about different COVID-19 vaccination options is critical for increasing protection via vaccination rates.""COVID-19 affected my family in a profound way and those experiences changed how I think about health and the importance of taking steps to help protect myself "" said Karl-Anthony Towns. ""With respiratory virus season fast approaching and preparing for the upcoming basketball season  being proactive about protecting my health remains a priority for me. That's why I'm partnering with Sanofi to encourage people  especially those at increased risk  to talk with their healthcare provider to learn about their COVID-19 vaccination options  including NUVAXOVID.""As COVID-19 continues to circulate year-round  older adults and individuals with certain underlying medical conditions remain at increased risk for severe illness  hospitalization  and complications associated with the virus.NUVAXOVID is approved for use in adults 65 years of age and older  and individuals 12 through 64 years of age with at least one underlying condition that puts them at high risk for severe COVID-19 outcomes. In clinical studies  the most common side effects were generally mild to moderate and would not prevent daily activities  according to FDA grading.""Karl-Anthony brings an authentic and deeply personal perspective to raising awareness about COVID-19 vaccination "" said Kimberly Tutwiler  Head of Vaccines  North America at Sanofi. ""At a time when many eligible people remain unvaccinated  helping people better understand their available vaccination options remains an important public health priority. We're proud to partner with Karl-Anthony to encourage informed conversations about COVID-19 vaccination and help people understand the options available to them  including NUVAXOVID.""Talk to your doctor or pharmacist to learn more about if NUVAXOVID may be right for you. Visit NUVAXOVID.com for more information and to find where you can get a vaccine near you.Karl-Anthony Towns is a paid spokesperson for Sanofi.About NUVAXOVIDNUVAXOVID is a protein-based  adjuvanted vaccine for active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2. It is developed using recombinant technology  an established platform used for years in certain modern flu vaccines.Having multiple vaccine options is important for sustainable public health strategies. Nuvaxovid is a protein-based vaccine option that healthcare systems and retail pharmacies can add to their seasonal vaccination programs. Offering a range of vaccine types might aid healthcare systems in addressing vaccine hesitancy.NUVAXOVID was originally licensed by Novavax. Sanofi is now market authorization holder for NUVAXOVID in the US  the EU and the United Kingdom. Building on its commercial launch in the US  Taiwan  and Morocco in 2025  Sanofi is expanding NUVAXOVID's availability to additional markets - including the United Kingdom  Germany  and Canada - from 2026 onwards.IndicationNUVAXOVID is a vaccine to protect against COVID-19 for people who are:65 years of age and older  or12 years through 64 years of age at high risk for severe COVID-19Vaccination with NUVAXOVID may not protect all people who receive the vaccine.NUVAXOVID does not contain SARS-CoV-2  the virus that causes COVID-19. NUVAXOVID cannot give you or your child COVID-19.Important Safety InformationYou or your child should not get NUVAXOVID if you had a severe allergic reaction to a previous dose of NUVAXOVID or to any of its ingredients.There is a remote chance that the vaccine could cause a severe allergic reaction  which would usually occur within a few minutes to one hour after getting a dose. For this reason  the vaccination provider may ask you or your child to stay at the place where you or your child received the vaccine for monitoring after vaccination. Signs of a severe allergic reaction can include: difficulty breathing  swelling of the face and throat  a fast heartbeat  a bad rash all over the body and/or dizziness and weakness.Myocarditis (inflammation of the heart muscle) and pericarditis (inflammation of the lining outside the heart) have occurred in some people who have received NUVAXOVID. The chance of having this occur is very low. You should seek medical attention right away if you or your child have any of the following symptoms after receiving the vaccine: chest pain; shortness of breath; feelings of having a fast-beating  fluttering  or pounding heart.Other side effects reported in clinical trials and/or post-approval use of NUVAXOVID include: Injection site reactions (pain/tenderness  swelling  redness and itching)  fatigue or generally feeling unwell  muscle pain  headache  joint pain  nausea  vomiting  fever  chills  allergic reactions such as hives and swelling of the face  swollen lymph nodes  paresthesia (unusual feeling in the skin such as tingling or a crawling feeling)  and hypoesthesia (decreased feeling or sensitivity  especially in the skin).Please see full Prescribing Information  including Patient Information  for more details.About COVID-19Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Most people infected with the virus will experience mild to moderate respiratory illness and recover without requiring special treatment. However  some will become seriously ill resulting in hospitalization and death.The disease not only causes immediate health impacts but also increases the long-term risk of cardiovascular complications  including heart attacks and strokes  and older adults hospitalized for COVID-19 face substantially higher mortality risk than those hospitalized for influenza. Older adults and those with chronic conditions - including cardiovascular disease  chronic lung disease  diabetes  and obesity - face the highest risk of severe illness. In the US  an estimated 74% of adults have at least one such risk factor  underscoring the scale of the vulnerable population that stands to benefit from effective and well-tolerated COVID-19 vaccination.MAT-US-2610953 -v1.0-09/2026About SanofiSanofi is an R&D driven  AI-powered biopharma company committed to improving people's lives and delivering compelling growth. We apply our deep understanding of the immune system to invent medicines and vaccines that treat and protect millions of people around the world  with an innovative pipeline that could benefit millions more. Our team is guided by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives; this inspires us to drive progress and deliver positive impact for our people and the communities we serve  by addressing the most urgent healthcare  environmental  and societal challenges of our time.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN andNASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | [email protected]Evan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | [email protected]Léo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | [email protected]Victor Rouault | +1 617 356 4751 | [email protected]Timothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | [email protected]Léa Ubaldi | +33 6 30 19 66 46 | [email protected]Ekaterina Pesheva | +1 410 926 6780 | [email protected]Laura Romby | +33 6 74 16 74 29 | [email protected]Investor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen | +44 7545 513 693 | [email protected]Alizé Kaisserian | +33 6 47 04 12 11 | [email protected]Keita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | [email protected]Nathalie Pham | +33 7 85 93 30 17 | [email protected]Nina Goworek | +1 908 569 7086 | [email protected]Thibaud Châtelet | +33 6 80 80 89 90 | [email protected]Yun Li | +33 6 84 00 90 72 | [email protected]Sanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions regarding the marketing and other potential of the product; regarding potential future events and revenues from the product. Words such as ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""intend "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""can "" ""contemplate "" ""could "" ""is designed to "" ""may "" ""might "" ""potential "" ""objective "" ""attempt "" ""target "" ""project "" ""strategy "" ""strive "" ""desire "" ""predict "" ""forecast "" ""ambition "" ""guideline "" ""seek "" ""should "" ""will "" ""goal "" or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful; authorities' decisions regarding whether and when to approve a product candidate; political pressure in the United States to mandate lower drug prices including ""most favored nation"" pricing for State Medicaid programs; the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues; competition in general; risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the French Markets Authority (AMF) made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2025  or contained in our periodic reports on Form 6-K. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. In light of these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained herein.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group except where trademarks are owned by third parties.SOURCE Sanofi",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.29,0.47,True,English,"['2026 NBA Champion Karl-Anthony Towns', 'COVID-19 vaccination', 'Sanofi', 'awareness', 'NUVAXOVID®', 'sustainable public health strategies', 'different COVID-19 vaccination options', 'important public health priority', '2026 NBA Champion Karl-Anthony Towns', 'three-time All-NBA selection', 'social media activations', 'underlying medical conditions', 'one underlying condition', 'common side effects', 'market authorization holder', 'six-time NBA All-Star', 'upcoming basketball season', 'Important Safety Information', 'severe allergic reaction', 'seasonal vaccination programs', 'modern flu vaccines', 'available vaccination options', 'protein-based, adjuvanted vaccine', 'multiple vaccine options', 'recombinant protein technology', 'severe COVID-19 outcomes', 'protein-based vaccine option', 'mRNA COVID-19 vaccine', 'vaccination options Towns', 'many eligible people', 'respiratory virus season', 'respiratory season', 'recombinant technology', '2016 NBA Rookie', 'severe illness', 'vaccination rates', 'vaccine types', 'vaccine hesitancy', 'personal experience', 'N.J.', 'personal perspective', 'healthcare providers', 'elite athlete', 'continued risks', 'profound way', 'clinical studies', 'daily activities', 'FDA grading', 'Kimberly Tutwiler', 'North America', 'active immunization', 'healthcare systems', 'retail pharmacies', 'United Kingdom', 'commercial launch', 'additional markets', 'previous dose', 'remote chance', 'informed conversations', 'vaccine platform', 'older adults', 'high risk', 'NUVAXOVID.com', 'NUVAXOVID®', 'Year', 'campaign', 'MORRISTOWN', 'Sanofi', 'awareness', 'importance', 'series', 'digital', 'impact', 'life', 'family', 'preparation', 'performance', 'prevention', 'Education', 'protection', 'experiences', 'steps', 'individuals', 'hospitalization', 'complications', 'use', 'age', 'authentic', 'Head', 'doctor', 'pharmacist', 'spokesperson', 'SARS-CoV-2', 'range', 'Novavax', 'EU', 'Taiwan', 'Morocco', 'availability', 'Germany', 'Canada', 'Indication', 'child', 'ingredients', '12']",2026-10-02,2026-10-03,prnewswire.com
57521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/10/02/the-inauguration-of-pasok-and-of-the-psychiatric-hospital-maximos-mansion-keeps-its-distance-from-the-markets-peace-processes-alexis-hades-and-mount-athos-the/,The inauguration of PASOK (and of the… psychiatric hospital)  Maximos Mansion keeps its distance from the market’s “peace processes ” Alexis  Hades and Mount Athos  the banks and their loans,New round of deals in Greek shipping & the best customer for Russian oilThe post The inauguration of PASOK (and of the… psychiatric hospital)  Maximos Mansion keeps its distance from the market’s “peace processes ” Alexis  Hades and Mount Athos  the banks an…,Newsroom October 2 10:11Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleGreetings. Now I’m itching to start with my favorite  Niko A.  because I heard somewhere that lately I’ve been neglecting him  that I haven’t been paying any attention to him. So yesterday the “Michelogiannakis case” appeared on the green scene. Who could possibly forget him? The former MP was first elected in 2011 with PASOK  packed up and left that same year so as not to vote for the second bailout memorandum  was elected again in 2012  but this time with DIMAR (where did I dig that one up from now…)  left there too  denouncing… the universe  and saw the light and joined SYRIZA in 2015  back when “green” voters were abandoning PASOK en masse for Tsipras. Earlier  in 2014  he also went on a hunger strike in Syntagma Square to show solidarity with Syrian refugees  although  as he admitted  every now and then he broke his abstinence from food by eating cheese pies. You know  just so he wouldn’t forget what hunger felt like. After the… cheese pies (according to another version  they were croissants)  and anyway the croissants in Syntagma Square  and after SYRIZA’s electoral defeat in 2023 and the chaos caused by the splits  he aligned himself with “they call me Stefanos” — and left there too last year. And yesterday the man known for his political hopping and for some extreme statements about homosexuals in the past returned to PASOK  swearing allegiance to the party’s ideas and its president. The cardiologist by profession and former PASOK MP is said to have sounded out some green party officials at the September 3rd event in Heraklion. But he hasn’t said a word to Androulakis. The question is  could they really want someone like Michelogiannakis in PASOK? “Everyone is welcome in the party — from the… opening of the church doors  we can’t exclude anyone ” said a Harilaou Trikoupi official yesterday  while nevertheless describing the distance separating the door from the sanctuary of a church. Now  so we don’t play games pretending not to understand  when a party doesn’t want a candidate  the matter is simple. Its spokesperson says they don’t want him  and that’s that. So of course they are taking it into account; in fact  someone told me that people at the PASOK headquarters on Harilaou Trikoupi Street even encouraged a radio station to have him on  so they could see how it would go.And Tzakri?Another meaningful return to PASOK that is being discussed is that of Theodora Tzakri. The matter has not yet been decided because  as they say  she “holds” the Pella constituency like this (like party man Kosmas Skoutaris holding on to Spetses in the Greek film Jenny-Jenny)  so if she runs there  PASOK will have no candidate list. I’m told that the other prospective candidates  who know they have no chance  have sent a message to Harilaou Trikoupi: “If she runs  forget about us. It is politically  morally and ideologically unthinkable. We were always on the other side  fighting both in 2015 and in 2019 and in 2023; now we will not tolerate it.” Not a flea would want to be in their shoes…Maximos Mansion and business feudsMy source at the Maximos Mansion tells me that despite the initial impression that the government would also get involved in the domestic business disputes  officially that will not happen. They are monitoring the matter  they have expressed their displeasure  but they are not going to intervene.Alexis at “Eagle’s Nest ” Mitsotakis at the Monastery of Saint DionysiusI wrote to you yesterday about Tsipras’s visit to Mount Athos for the first time since 2014. Let me tell you today that Alexis the God-fearing has been staying since yesterday at Simonopetra  otherwise known as “Eagle’s Nest ” one of the more “conventional” monasteries on the Mountain  without any strange monks or strange relationships. He has maintained contact for years with the Abbot  Elissaios  with whom there was also coordination regarding the visit. Now  in his post  he says something poetical about hymns and Hades  avoiding religious matters  but in essence monasteries are always useful before elections  as are priests — that is a given. While Alexis is reintroducing himself to the Mountain  K.M. will be in Pieria  a difficult area for New Democracy  where in 2023 NIKI and Velopoulos received very high percentages and  generally speaking  there is a tendency toward parties to the right of ND. The main reason for the visit is for Mitsotakis to go to Mount Olympus  but I’m told that before the event being organized for the mountain’s inclusion on the UNESCO list  he will also make a stop at the Monastery of Saint Dionysius of Olympus. In general  I’m learning that money has been poured into various monasteries in Pieria in recent years and that relations with the local church are good. Obviously  with elections looming  the Lord has to lend a hand too.The meeting in Aspropyrgos and EYDAPThey told me an interesting little scene from a recent meeting Mitsotakis held at the Municipality of Aspropyrgos. The mayor informed him that in several areas sewerage networks have still neither been studied nor constructed  even though there is an approved city plan. Mitsotakis listened  made a note of it and shortly afterward called his adviser Dimitris Politis  who  because of his previous tenure at the Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations  had EYDAP under his supervision  and contacted the company immediately. Thus  within a day  the mayor received a phone call informing him that the new sewerage studies were about to be included in the tendered Framework Agreement for Studies M210  for which a study contractor is expected to be appointed by January 2027. The studies are expected to be carried out during 2027  with the aim of putting the corresponding projects out to tender at the end of 2027 or the beginning of 2028.The German Defence Minister in SoudaDespite the rain  the reception at the home of the German ambassador  Andreas Kindl  was held yesterday to mark German reunification  with the ambassador delivering his speech in Greek  German and English. The government was represented by Domna Michailidou  while the audience included quite a few political figures and businesspeople who were discussing  among other things  electoral developments in Germany. I did learn  however  that in mid-October we are expecting a visit from German Defence Minister Boris Pistorius  who will go to Souda to observe an exercise and  of course  will also meet with Nikos Dendias.Deadline until the end of the yearSince it is clear that the elections will be held toward the end of spring  I’m told that K.M. is somewhat “correcting” the rush to announce candidates’ names very soon. After all  if it becomes clear early on to some people that they will not make the list  they may also consider the prospect of Samaras’s party  and that is something ND does not want. I also learned that the deadline for deputy regional governors to resign from their positions in order to be included on the blue [ND] candidate list has been moved to the end of the year  which is also when reshuffles frequently take place in the regions. This  of course  will not please many blue MPs who do not want the deputy regional governors underfoot.From Nicosia to AkanthusDendias  who returned yesterday from Nicosia  where he attended the events marking Cyprus’s independence and was warmly received  is also preparing today for his party debut ahead of the spring elections. I wrote to you a few days ago that he would hold a major event at Akanthus in Alimos  and I must tell you that  despite forecasts of light rain in Athens  measures have been taken because quite a crowd is expected to turn up. In reality  this is the launch of his personal campaign in the battle for preference votes  and the mobilization that has taken place is “substantial.”End credits for EHAEThe demerger by spin-off of a business division at EHAE has been completed. The Stock Exchange and  more generally  everything relating to the management and operation of the regulated securities and derivatives markets  together with EHAE’s real estate  are being transferred to an unlisted subsidiary  and the listed EHAE is now a shell that owns that subsidiary. The EHAE shell will merge with Euronext  and thus the unlisted subsidiary will be the arm through which Euronext will control the Athens Stock Exchange. This particular arrangement  which was also referred to in the prospectus  was chosen for reasons of economy  since Bouzna — who is stepping down as CEO in May 2027 — has proved to be what we used to call a “drachma-killer.” Those who have held EHAE shares  which  surprisingly  reached €10.70  will apparently exchange their shares for Euronext shares.New charges from Euronext for brokerage firmsI mentioned “drachma-killer” earlier and it reminded me to tell you that  as of yesterday  October 1  2026  Euronext imposed a new charge on brokerage firms that offer online trading  which  if I was given the figures correctly  amounts to as much as €24 000 per year  although there are  sources say  smaller tariffs of around €12 000 as well. Welcome  then  to the Euronext era.Three out of four Swiss-franc borrowers joined the schemeThe deadline for Swiss-franc borrowers to join the relevant arrangement expired with considerable success  judging from the initial figures. The exact figures will become known today  with information indicating that three out of four borrowers joined the arrangement.The truth from S&P’s report on lending by Greek banksQuite a few reports have appeared recently about the risk of loan concentration at the systemic banks  as the issue has also been used in the context of business rivalries. Yesterday  S&P’s report came out  presenting a scenario involving possible losses of €4 billion for the banks as a result of concentration in lending. But those who took the trouble to read the entire S&P report found that the agency stresses that the banks’ current capital “cushions” are considered sufficient to absorb even significant losses. S&P notes that 45% of corporate loans have been extended to shipping  tourism and energy  compared with 17% at European banks  and stresses that the counterweight to such a risk is the improved condition of large Greek companies. The report further points out that non-performing exposures to large corporate clients of Greek banks range between 0.6% and 2.1%  while interest-coverage capacity has improved significantly compared with 2018. This  after all  is why bankers are lending generously to large companies in Greece after everything that happened in the past. Regardless of whether this is unfair or unequal  it is certain that  given the current state of the Greek economy  when you lend to PPC  GEK TERNA or Mytilineos  the one thing you can be sure of is that there are serious guarantees. Indeed  S&P remains positive on Greek banks  considering that stronger balance sheets and capital reserves provide significant protection against a serious credit shock.“A friend came tonight from the old days…”“A friend came tonight from the old days…” sang Sotos Panagopoulos several decades ago in his characteristic deep voice  an iconic song that was considered the favorite of Konstantinos Karamanlis (the elder). It seems  however  that it fits Alexis Tsipras’s case like a glove  even if here the “friend from the old days” has not been a friend for years… I don’t know how many of you remember Andreas Karitzis  Alexis Tsipras’s godfather and once close friend  who had also served as SYRIZA’s press representative from 2007 to 2009  as a member of the Political Secretariat and Central Committee  and who was also part of the government SYRIZA’s inner communications team in 2015. All this lasted until August 2015  when  because of the third memorandum  he fell out with the leadership and left. Yesterday  October 1  a new company was incorporated under the name Celesto Single-Member Private Company  whose purposes include  among other things  the provision of business consulting and strategic management services  the purchase and sale of real estate and short-term rental services  the construction of buildings  the rental of apartments  etc. Its initial share capital is €10 000  paid in cash by Andreas Karitzis  who also took over its management. The… irony of the matter is that the new company’s registered office is at 26 Amalias Street  just six numbers away from 32 Amalias Street and Alexis’s “headquarters”…The Steggos family found gold in shippingThe investment expansion of Technical Olympic into shipping is proving particularly profitable  with the group’s investments having already returned several times the capital invested. The Steggos family’s company participates  through the Cypriot T.O. Shipping Ltd  in a shipping structure (Initiation Holding) that now owns seven vessels. With total invested capital of just $6 million  the investment has so far generated $19.83 million in dividends. These are cumulative cash distributions equivalent to approximately 330% of the original capital  while Technical Olympic continues to retain its stake in the structure  as shown by Technical Olympic’s six-month financial statements. In fact  in February 2026  T.O. Shipping’s stake in the structure increased from 15% to 30.30% without any additional capital investment  following the acquisition and cancellation of another shareholder’s stake. At the same time  a seventh vessel was added to the structure  the containership Constantinos P II  with a capacity of 4 253 TEU.Refining boosts HELLENiQ EnergyThe benchmark refining margins of HELLENiQ Energy were particularly strong in the third quarter  with levels several times higher than last year despite the sharp rise in crude oil prices. Overall  the third quarter was exceptionally strong for refining  as margins peaked in August at $31.5/bbl in Aspropyrgos and $40.7/bbl in Elefsina and remained at very high levels in September. By contrast  a significant decline is being observed in petrochemicals: the average polypropylene margin fell by approximately 61% quarter-on-quarter  to $271/ton from $687/ton  while in September it stood at $223/ton. In the second quarter  the refining  fuel marketing and petrochemicals sectors contributed €401 million to adjusted operating profits  excluding inventory valuation differences. From an investment perspective  the impressive widening of margins compared both with last year and with the second quarter points to a very strong contribution from refining to HELLENiQ Energy’s third-quarter results  with Elefsina particularly benefiting  provided there were no significant production losses or other operational restrictions.Folli Follie: New court victory for the restructuring administrationOn September 29  2026  the members of the Board of Directors of the court-appointed administration of Folli Follie Group were acquitted following a lawsuit filed by Dimitris Koutsolloutzos concerning the failure to prepare and publish the financial statements for the 2020–2022 financial years. The ruling  which followed a favorable recommendation by the prosecutor  accepted the administration’s position that the failure to publish the statements was connected to acts and omissions by Dimitris Koutsolloutzos. The administration had been appointed by the Court of First Instance in February 2020  following an application by the Hellenic Capital Market Commission. According to its position  the Koutsolloutzos family  while retaining control of the General Meetings  did not approve the 2019 financial statements  with the result that publication of the subsequent years’ statements was also blocked. This is the second legal development in favor of the restructuring administration. An earlier lawsuit by Dimitris Koutsolloutzos alleging breach of trust in connection with actions taken as part of the restructuring had been shelved following an investigation by the Financial and Economic Crime Unit (SDOE)  which found no illegal acts or damage to the company.Two debts  different speedsBond markets — everyone knows it by now — are going through their worst period in years. The British 30-year yield reached 6.02% yesterday  a level not seen since the late 1990s. The German 10-year  which serves as the eurozone benchmark  is moving at 3.6%–3.65%  close to its 2009 highs. The Greek 10-year rose yesterday to around 4.5%–4.57%  from approximately 4% at the beginning of September. Greece is necessarily following the trend  but from a distance. The spread — the difference in yields — with Germany is around 90 basis points  while the French spread exceeds 100. In 2026  early repayments amount to €12.84 billion: €6.94 billion in bilateral loans from the First Memorandum in June  €2.5 billion in EFSF loans  a €2.2 billion bond maturing in 2027  and a €1.2 billion reduction in treasury bills. The debt being repaid had an average cost of 2.9%. It is being paid down with cash reserves  not with new borrowing at 4.5%. The Ministry of Finance estimates an annual interest saving of €370 million. The debt-to-GDP ratio is projected at 136.8% this year  down from 154.2% in 2024. But there is another debt. According to IOBE  private-sector debt reached €420.9 billion in the first quarter  equivalent to 169% of GDP  an increase of €22.1 billion in one year. Of this  €238.6 billion is overdue  and almost 70% of it is owed to the state itself. The state has learned to pay off its debts before they mature. Its debtors still owe it after maturity. With the 120-installment arrangements  monthly servicing becomes easier  but total debt keeps swelling…Prodea and the €11.5 million loss in the first halfProdea Investments announced a set of results the day before yesterday that did not satisfy the market. The company itself describes its half-year as a “transitional phase ” as turnover came to €75.2 million  down from €112.4 million last year. Rental income fell to €29.2 million from €69.1 million  as the company sold mature properties. Hotel revenue rose to €33.2 million from €25.7 million  following the reopening of the Landmark in Nicosia. In the first half  rooms generated more revenue than rents. On the stock market  the share is down 3.21%  at €3.02  meaning a discount of approximately 23% to its net asset value. At the beginning of June  before the dividend went ex  it stood at €5.70  slightly above the NAV at the time. The company increased operating profit (EBITDA) to €49.9 million from €31 million  with the contribution of gains from property sales. Adjusted operating profit  as defined by the company  was €9.4 million versus €41.4 million  while adjusted results showed a loss of €11.5 million versus a profit of €4.7 million. On the other hand  Prodea reduced its borrowing by €712.8 million and retains cash of €206.8 million. CEO Aris Karytinos outlined the next steps  which include the logistics partnership with Invel Real Estate and LGT Capital Partners  renovations in Paros and Porto Heli  and the redevelopment of the Emblems in Cortina. The properties that were sold provided last year’s dividend. The ones now being prepared are expected to provide rental income.Something is going on with the Mezz companiesFour shares of mezzanine companies are traded on the Stock Exchange. All four published their half-year results on September 30. These companies do not have the usual business activity of other listed companies. They are companies holding mezzanine and junior-ranking bonds from securitizations of banks’ non-performing loans. Their results have two lines: interest on the bonds and changes in their fair value. This “fair value” is calculated by an independent appraiser  discounting — at a rate of around 14% — the collections projected by the servicer’s business plan. When the servicer cuts its projections  the loss is recognized immediately. The coupon is paid according to priority  after the senior-ranking bonds. If collections fall short  payment is deferred. That is exactly what happened  for example  with Phoenix Vega Mezz  which recorded losses of €40.9 million  compared with profits of $4.1 million last year. Its bonds were valued at €23.1 million  down from €64.8 million  following the servicer’s new  lower projections. In accounting terms  it recorded €4.8 million in interest. Only €1.5 million came into the cash account  down from €4.3 million last year  as the coupons on Phoenix  Vega II and Vega III were deferred. Nevertheless  it is distributing €3 million (€0.0024 per share  a 5% yield) from cash reserves of €9.1 million. SunriseMezz received no coupon at all. It recorded losses of €4.6 million  with its bonds valued at €6.4 million versus €10.8 million. The valuation horizon was extended from four to ten years. Galaxy Cosmos received €2.31 million and values its bonds at €4.4 million. Cairo Mezz is another story. Zero revenue  bonds worth €146.3 million. Its value depends on the call option on Cairo 3. If exercised on January 19  2027  it is entitled to €70.5 million. It has not received notification. So we have reached a paradox that  in the end  is not really a paradox. Phoenix is valued on the Stock Exchange at €59.5 million  with bonds and cash totaling €32.2 million. Sunrise is valued at €23.7 million  with assets of €10.2 million. Cairo is valued at €78.2 million  with equity of €145 million. Because with mezz companies  profit is a matter of opinion  but the coupon is a fact.Bank sell-off focused on the systemic banksThe systemic banks were at the center of yesterday’s selling on the Stock Exchange  recording sharp losses after their strong upward performance in the preceding period. The move is mainly attributed to profit-taking  as the shares had outperformed and renewed their multi-year highs  strengthening the tendency among investors to lock in part of their gains.Jumbo: Defying the negative climate with the “vehicle” of the special distributionJumbo moved against the negative climate of October’s first trading session  gaining more than 1% and returning above the psychological €25 threshold. The share found support from management’s capital-return policy  with the special cash distribution of €1 per share acting as a positive catalyst. The distribution  totaling approximately €134.4 million  corresponds to a net amount of €0.95 per share after the anticipated withholding tax. The ex-dividend date has been set for November 16  while payment will begin on November 20. Together with the previous cash distributions in 2026  total returns to shareholders reach approximately €295.6 million  or €2.20 per share. The move is also supported by Jumbo’s strong liquidity position: the company continues to operate without bank borrowing while maintaining its investment program.Grimaldi’s “hot potato” in Heraklion and the meeting with PlevrisThe matter concerning the occupation of a building at the port of Heraklion by the local Port Authority in December 2024 remains ongoing. The building houses migrants who are subsequently transferred to mainland Greece. The management of the Heraklion Port Authority has gone to court seeking the evacuation of the building  which  according to the submitted master plan  is intended to become a hotel. The Grimaldi Group  which operates the port as well as that of Igoumenitsa  wants to protect its investment. After two postponements  the hearing is scheduled for October 14. According to information I have  earlier — specifically next Friday  October 9 — the management of the Heraklion Port Authority will meet with Migration Minister Thanasis Plevris on the matter. Meanwhile  the master plan was approved by the Central Archaeological Council and is moving on to the Ports Planning and Development Committee.New round of deals in Greek shippingShip prices remain high  but Greek shipowners continue to put money on the table. The moves of just the past few days are indicative. Kostas Delaportas’s DryDel added two 82 000-dwt Kamsarmax vessels to its newbuilding program at Japan’s Tsuneishi  while Evangelos Pistiolis’s TOP Ships completed on September 30 the deal it had announced in July to acquire three MR tankers under construction  which will be delivered in 2029 and already have secured five-year charters. At the same time  newbuilds continue to arrive. Maria Angelicoussis’s Maran Tankers added another dual-fuel Suezmax  Capital Tankers took delivery of the also dual-fuel Suezmax Ayrton  while new vessels joined the fleets of Navios Partners  Meadway Bulkers and Globus Maritime. What is interesting is that Greek shipping capital is not betting on a single market. From Kamsarmax and Ultramax to Suezmax and MR vessels  investments are spread across different segments  with newer and more efficient ships as the common denominator. And with the Greek orderbook already at historically high levels  the message from these moves is clear. Greek shipowners are not waiting for ships to become cheaper before positioning themselves. They are locking in now the capacity with which they want to enter the next phase of the market.Shipping is looking for people  and the Hellenic Chamber of Shipping is building the “bridge”Greece may be at the top of global shipping  but there is a paradox. An industry of global reach does not always have an easy way of meeting the new human resources it needs. And this is where the initiative of the Hellenic Chamber of Shipping  under the chairmanship of Giorgos Alexandratos  with the neejobs.com platform becomes particularly interesting. The initiative is not simply another job-listing website. It seeks to create a specialized channel between shipping companies and those who want to enter the sector  whether ashore or at sea. And this matters at a time when shipping is becoming increasingly demanding in terms of skills. Digitization  new technologies  alternative fuels  regulatory compliance and the green transition are gradually changing the profile of the people companies are looking for. The real challenge  therefore  is bigger. For Greece not only to have one of the strongest fleets in the world  but also the pool of people who will support it from land and sea. Because the next battle of Greek shipping will not be fought only in shipyards and markets. It will also be fought for human resources.A passport in an iPhone boxThe scene resembled an Apple presentation. Dark background  one speaker  one product. Only the speaker was the U.S. Secretary of State  Marco Rubio  and the product was the new American passport of 2028. The new passport even has a name: “Flight of the Eagle.” The unveiling took place last Tuesday in Washington  at the launch of America.gov  the portal that brings together 29 000 federal websites using artificial intelligence (Gemini and Grok). The design bears the signature of the White House’s National Design Studio  headed by Airbnb co-founder Joe Gebbia. The new passport will have a larger — naturally golden — eagle on the cover  and 38 pages instead of 26 or 50. The eagle will appear to “fly” as the pages are turned. And all of this comes in iPhone-style packaging. There is also an economic backdrop to this presentation. In 2025  27.3 million passports were issued (+11.6%  a record number). There are 183.2 million in circulation. With a fee of $130 for adults and $100 for minors  revenues reach $3 billion a year. Around this amount there is an intermediary market. Anyone applying for the first time pays an additional $35 at the post office or municipal service that accepts the application  plus the cost of the photograph. Rubio promised that from December  first-time applications would be completed entirely online — “no forms  no appointments  no queues  no intermediaries.” The photograph will be taken with a mobile phone. There is also a small detail. In the presentation of the interior pages  the first image in the “visual history of the nation” showed President Trump. It may have been a coincidence; whether the photo of the POTUS will remain in the final document is unknown.Who is the best customer for Russian oil?China  India and Turkey currently absorb 77% of Russian oil exports. A few years ago  for example in January–February 2022  the three together accounted for no more than 29%. A major European investment bank calculated that China’s share rose from 21% to 50%  India’s from 2% to 19%  and Turkey’s from 6% to 8%. The EU fell from 48% to 4%. The damage was not great. Russian crude oil exports are approximately 10% below pre-war levels  despite the European embargo and the G7 price cap. Sixty-one percent of crude leaves on tankers belonging to the “shadow fleet ” outside Western financing and insurance. The paradox lies elsewhere. Russia  one of the world’s largest exporters of diesel  fuel oil and naphtha  is now importing significant quantities of refined products because Ukrainian strikes have devastated its refineries. This  after all  is one of the serious reasons keeping international gasoline prices high. The redistribution came at the expense of other suppliers. In India  Russia’s share of fossil-fuel imports rose from 1% to 24% after February 2022  with Nigeria  Iran and Saudi Arabia losing out. In China  it rose from 18% to 27%. What is missing from this picture is Washington. On September 18  President Trump signed the Graham Act. The law allows tariffs of up to 100% on products from the five largest importers of Russian crude oil or natural gas. China  India and Turkey are the obvious candidates. Some analysts estimate that the POTUS will not rush while the oil market remains tight  so as not to push fuel prices in the United States even higher. The conclusion is that Europe’s and the G7’s sanctions did not shut off the tap. They simply changed the recipient’s address.,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.15,0.26,0.59,True,English,"['psychiatric hospital', 'Maximos Mansion', 'peace processes', 'Mount Athos', 'inauguration', 'PASOK', 'distance', 'market', 'Alexis', 'Hades', 'banks', 'loans', 'second bailout memorandum', 'other prospective candidates', 'domestic business disputes', 'interesting little scene', 'Harilaou Trikoupi official', 'Harilaou Trikoupi Street', 'September 3rd event', 'green party officials', 'former PASOK MP', 'former MP', 'green scene', 'other side', 'business feuds', 'green” voters', 'Protothema.gr', 'Niko A.', 'Syntagma Square', 'Syrian refugees', 'cheese pies', 'electoral defeat', 'political hopping', 'extreme statements', 'radio station', 'meaningful return', 'Pella constituency', 'Kosmas Skoutaris', 'Greek film', 'Maximos Mansion', 'initial impression', 'Saint Dionysius', 'Mount Athos', 'first time', 'strange monks', 'strange relationships', 'religious matters', 'K.M.', 'difficult area', 'New Democracy', 'high percentages', 'main reason', 'UNESCO list', 'church doors', 'conventional” monasteries', 'various monasteries', 'local church', 'Michelogiannakis case', 'hunger strike', 'Theodora Tzakri', 'candidate list', 'Mount Olympus', 'recent years', 'recent meeting', 'PASOK headquarters', 'party man', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'Greetings', 'favorite', 'attention', 'DIMAR', 'universe', 'light', 'SYRIZA', 'masse', 'Tsipras', 'solidarity', 'abstinence', 'food', 'version', 'croissants', 'chaos', 'splits', 'homosexuals', 'past', 'allegiance', 'ideas', 'president', 'cardiologist', 'profession', 'Heraklion', 'word', 'Androulakis', 'question', 'someone', 'Everyone', 'opening', 'distance', 'sanctuary', 'games', 'spokesperson', 'course', 'account', 'fact', 'people', 'Spetses', 'Jenny-Jenny', 'chance', 'message', 'flea', 'shoes', 'source', 'government', 'displeasure', 'Alexis', 'Eagle', 'Nest', 'Mitsotakis', 'Monastery', 'visit', 'God-fearing', 'yesterday', 'Simonopetra', 'Mountain', 'contact', 'Abbot', 'Elissaios', 'coordination', 'post', 'something', 'hymns', 'Hades', 'essence', 'elections', 'priests', 'given', 'Pieria', 'NIKI', 'Velopoulos', 'tendency', 'parties', 'right', 'ND.', 'inclusion', 'stop', 'money', 'Lord', 'hand', 'Aspropyrgos', 'EYDAP', 'Municipality', 'mayor', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθ', 'ας', 'ποτελ', 'σμ', 'ζήτησης']",2026-10-02,2026-10-03,en.protothema.gr
57522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://pypi.org/project/inkgrid/,inkgrid added to PyPI,Exact tables and text from born-digital PDFs  read from the text layer and drawn rules  and verified by a second PDF engine.,"inkgridExact tables and text from born-digital PDFs  read from the text layer and the drawn rules  and checked by a second PDF engine.Why • Architecture • Demo Script • DesignStatus: alpha  0.1.0 (milestones M0 to M6 complete). Today inkgrid reads a PDF into a validated Document : every word in exactly one block  in reading order  with running headers and footers set apart  tables  ruled or not  as explicit cell grids  glossaries as definitions  and footnote calls linked to their notes. Tables and sentences that run onto the next page are joined. inkgrid.verify then grades the document against its PDF with a second engine  PDFium. The roadmap is in docs/specs/00-design.md § 14.What it doesinkgrid reads born-digital PDFs  the kind produced by a word processor or a report generator  through their text layer and their vector drawings. It never recognizes characters from pixels  so it never misreads one.When complete  it returns every word of a document in exactly one block (heading  paragraph  list item  footnote  definition  table  or page furniture)  in reading order. Tables come back as explicit cell grids  with merged cells as spans and headers carried across page breaks  marked as carried. Links record the relationships the page prints: footnote calls to their notes  and tables that continue onto the next page.Shipped so far (M0 to M4):Words rebuilt from characters. A superscript marker printed tight against a value stays its own word ( $0.40 and 2   never $0.402 ). A font change in the middle of a word keeps it one word.A superscript marker printed tight against a value stays its own word ( and   never ). A font change in the middle of a word keeps it one word. Drawn rules from the page's vector paths  including cell outlines drawn as rectangles.from the page's vector paths  including cell outlines drawn as rectangles. Nothing degraded silently. Each of these comes back as a typed finding: image-only pages  and pages MuPDF cannot load or decode; text a clip path or the CropBox hides; glyphs with no Unicode mapping  and Type 3 fonts  whose glyphs are pictures; text in the layer that the page never shows: render modes 3 and 7  or fully transparent text. That is the shape of an OCR layer  or of hidden prompt injection.Each of these comes back as a typed finding: Reading order across columns. Two prose columns read left column  then right. A gutter alone does not make columns  because the narrowest table columns sit as close as a label and its text: columns need a gutter that persists over several lines and prose on both sides. Tables and hanging-indent lists keep row order.Two prose columns read left column  then right. A gutter alone does not make columns  because the narrowest table columns sit as close as a label and its text: columns need a gutter that persists over several lines and prose on both sides. Tables and hanging-indent lists keep row order. Running headers  footers  and page numbers found by recurrence across pages and set apart as furniture  line by line. A line inside a ruled table is never furniture  and furniture runs from the page's edge  so a table's spanning header or stub banner in the page band stays in its table.found by recurrence across pages and set apart as furniture  line by line. A line inside a ruled table is never furniture  and furniture runs from the page's edge  so a table's spanning header or stub banner in the page band stays in its table. Typed blocks: headings with their section numbers and levels  paragraphs  list items  and footnotes  with every line-end hyphen join recorded so it can be undone.headings with their section numbers and levels  paragraphs  list items  and footnotes  with every line-end hyphen join recorded so it can be undone. Ruled tables as cell grids. Camelot's lattice parser reads the pages whose rules run both ways  through its cell edge flags  never its DataFrame. A merged cell is one cell with a span  so a value is never copied into the positions it covers. Leading value-free rows become header rows  and full-width rows become banner rows. A box around a paragraph  a furniture label  or a frame ruled around columns of running text is not a table. Nor is a grid over a table already read (a page panel  an open frame)  and a page border around a table reads as the table alone. The page's own drawn rules  thin grey fills included  split a cell they divide. Tables export as GFM Markdown  HTML with colspan / rowspan   and dense rows that flag every repeated value.Camelot's lattice parser reads the pages whose rules run both ways  through its cell edge flags  never its DataFrame. A merged cell is one cell with a span  so a value is never copied into the positions it covers. Leading value-free rows become header rows  and full-width rows become banner rows. A box around a paragraph  a furniture label  or a frame ruled around columns of running text is not a table. Nor is a grid over a table already read (a page panel  an open frame)  and a page border around a table reads as the table alone. The page's own drawn rules  thin grey fills included  split a cell they divide. Tables export as GFM Markdown  HTML with /   and dense rows that flag every repeated value. Unruled tables from whitespace. Tables set without column rules (SIX  LSE  Euronext) come from the whitespace between the value rows' cells  which stays put however a column is aligned. Every row votes on where each boundary sits  wrapped lines join their row  a drawn rule ends a row or a cell  and two values never share a cell: rows that could only be read by fusing two values stay text  with a table_left_as_text warning.Tables set without column rules (SIX  LSE  Euronext) come from the whitespace between the value rows' cells  which stays put however a column is aligned. Every row votes on where each boundary sits  wrapped lines join their row  a drawn rule ends a row or a cell  and two values never share a cell: rows that could only be read by fusing two values stay text  with a warning. Charts are not tables. Bars whose lengths are in one proportion to the numbers they carry  or a numeric axis with a tick at every label  keep a chart's labels as text ( chart_left_as_text )  in either table reader. A diagonal watermark is no cell's.Bars whose lengths are in one proportion to the numbers they carry  or a numeric axis with a tick at every label  keep a chart's labels as text ( )  in either table reader. A diagonal watermark is no cell's. Glossaries and note lists. Inside a definitions section  an entry that opens with a term becomes a definition block with its term and body : a quoted term ( “ABBO” means … )  a bold one ( Available for Distribution: )  or one set in a column of its own (SIX's glossary). Outside such a section only a quoted term with a defining verb counts. A two-column grid of note labels beside prose becomes footnotes ( X2 | Connection rebate: …   where a table prints EMDI^X2 )  and inside a section  or under its own Legend banner  a grid of terms beside prose becomes definitions.Inside a definitions section  an entry that opens with a term becomes a definition block with its and : a quoted term ( )  a bold one ( )  or one set in a column of its own (SIX's glossary). Outside such a section only a quoted term with a defining verb counts. A two-column grid of note labels beside prose becomes footnotes (   where a table prints )  and inside a section  or under its own banner  a grid of terms beside prose becomes definitions. Footnote calls linked to their notes. Notes are found in every form the measured documents print them: small type opening with a number  a number or mark opening its note at the text's own size ( ^ Contra to …   2 Each month … )  a raised number glued to its first word ( 1A surcharge )  and ruled tables titled Footnotes . A note must be called somewhere in the document  so numbered clauses are never read as notes. Calls come as superscripts  as parenthesised numbers at body size ( Customer (2)(8)(9) )  and as named references ( see footnote 27 ). Each call ends resolved to its note  unresolved (with a call_unresolved warning)  or rejected by a named drafting convention: five (5)   Section 202(a)(11)   except (1)   and ; (2) if … are never calls.Notes are found in every form the measured documents print them: small type opening with a number  a number or mark opening its note at the text's own size (   )  a raised number glued to its first word ( )  and ruled tables titled . A note must be called somewhere in the document  so numbered clauses are never read as notes. Calls come as superscripts  as parenthesised numbers at body size ( )  and as named references ( ). Each call ends resolved to its note  unresolved (with a warning)  or rejected by a named drafting convention:       and are never calls. Tables and sentences across pages. A table that runs onto the next page without its header carries the header as cells that own no words  linked to the part it continues. A reprinted header links the parts without carrying. A sentence broken by the page joins into one paragraph with a region on each page.A table that runs onto the next page without its header carries the header as cells that own no words  linked to the part it continues. A reprinted header links the parts without carrying. A sentence broken by the page joins into one paragraph with a region on each page. Markdown and an HTML inspector. The inspector draws every block over its rendered page  for looking at a reading rather than trusting it  and a verification report's defects over the page.The inspector draws every block over its rendered page  for looking at a reading rather than trusting it  and a verification report's defects over the page. An independent verifier. inkgrid verify re-reads the PDF with PDFium and grades the document character by character: nothing lost  invented  or doubled; every cell holding the ink inside it; no drawn rule dividing a cell; every value bound to one cell. It exits 1 on any defect. On the 42 measured fee schedules it accounts for all 1 817 075 characters and reports 8 cells  among them two values from two columns read as one word  and a note mark in the column after its word. On ICDAR-2013 and olmOCR-bench's table pages it names the ways the two engines read a page differently (ligatures  unmappable glyphs  overprinted titles)  so what it still reports there is inkgrid's own errors: docs/specs/11-verify-on-public-corpora.md § 5 lists them.re-reads the PDF with PDFium and grades the document character by character: nothing lost  invented  or doubled; every cell holding the ink inside it; no drawn rule dividing a cell; every value bound to one cell. It exits 1 on any defect. On the 42 measured fee schedules it accounts for all 1 817 075 characters and reports 8 cells  among them two values from two columns read as one word  and a note mark in the column after its word. On ICDAR-2013 and olmOCR-bench's table pages it names the ways the two engines read a page differently (ligatures  unmappable glyphs  overprinted titles)  so what it still reports there is inkgrid's own errors: § 5 lists them. The full output contract  inkgrid.document/1   with its invariants enforced: every word owned exactly once  cells that tile their grid exactly  and block text spelled from its own words in their order.Known limitationsText is judged hidden from the text layer alone. Text covered by an opaque shape or image  white text on a white page  and text too small to read all read as visible. The verifier reads the text layer too  so it does not catch them either.Text covered by an opaque shape or image  white text on a white page  and text too small to read all read as visible. The verifier reads the text layer too  so it does not catch them either. Errors the verifier finds on public corpora. On the 31 ICDAR-2013 and olmOCR-bench documents where the verifier found inkgrid's own errors  25 defects remain of the baseline's 316. One is a table title straddling Camelot's header-row edge (practice us-008). The other 24 are places where the two engines read the text layer differently and the verifier has no benign class for yet: a symbol font's glyphs  dashes and tildes on one old page  a word PDFium does not show  a run of digits it reads as one value. The baseline run above counts all 316. The fixes since it (overprinted text  Type 3 and Dingbats glyphs  thin rules drawn as fills  grids over frames and charts  table text taken as furniture) were designed while looking at those documents  so the run after them is labelled as tuned on them.On the 31 ICDAR-2013 and olmOCR-bench documents where the verifier found inkgrid's own errors  25 defects remain of the baseline's 316. One is a table title straddling Camelot's header-row edge (practice us-008). The other 24 are places where the two engines read the text layer differently and the verifier has no benign class for yet: a symbol font's glyphs  dashes and tildes on one old page  a word PDFium does not show  a run of digits it reads as one value. The baseline run above counts all 316. The fixes since it (overprinted text  Type 3 and Dingbats glyphs  thin rules drawn as fills  grids over frames and charts  table text taken as furniture) were designed while looking at those documents  so the run after them is labelled as tuned on them. Left-to-right scripts only. Right-to-left and bidirectional text is not reordered in v0.1.Right-to-left and bidirectional text is not reordered in v0.1. Unruled tables have no row spans. A label centred beside several rows splits across them ( Charge per / executed order )  and a label whose value is centred beside it needs the rows to be set apart by more than the label's own line pitch. A fee set on two lines around a one-line label ( €10 per million on the value / above €20 000 ) splits from it  never into another fee's cell.A label centred beside several rows splits across them ( / )  and a label whose value is centred beside it needs the rows to be set apart by more than the label's own line pitch. A fee set on two lines around a one-line label ( / ) splits from it  never into another fee's cell. A table needs a value. A table of text alone with no ruled grid reads as paragraphs  and a caption set directly above a table can join it as its first row.A table of text alone with no ruled grid reads as paragraphs  and a caption set directly above a table can join it as its first row. A table beside a prose column can come apart. Lines are grouped across the whole page before columns are found  so on a two-column page a prose line level with two table rows can chain them into one line. Those rows read as interleaved text  and the unruled stage reports them with table_left_as_text .Lines are grouped across the whole page before columns are found  so on a two-column page a prose line level with two table rows can chain them into one line. Those rows read as interleaved text  and the unruled stage reports them with . A call resolves forward only   and a label the document prints on several notes resolves only on its own page or the next (for a table that continues  from its last part). A note printed before its call  or far from a numbering that restarts  leaves the call unresolved  with a warning. A parenthesised number anchored on a capitalised noun is a call by the drafting conventions  so an in-text reference like Criteria (2) can link to note 2.  and a label the document prints on several notes resolves only on its own page or the next (for a table that continues  from its last part). A note printed before its call  or far from a numbering that restarts  leaves the call unresolved  with a warning. A parenthesised number anchored on a capitalised noun is a call by the drafting conventions  so an in-text reference like can link to note 2. Only page breaks join. A paragraph continued in the next column  and list items or notes that continue on the next page  stay separate blocks.A paragraph continued in the next column  and list items or notes that continue on the next page  stay separate blocks. Lists set in the Symbol font read as paragraphs. Their bullet is a private-use character  which the reader drops as invisible.Their bullet is a private-use character  which the reader drops as invisible. Untrusted PDFs belong in a separate process. MuPDF parses in memory  and a library cannot bound its memory or time. Read hostile input in a worker process with resource limits.The unique angleVision and OCR parsers read pixels  so they can misread a glyph or drop a value  and nothing downstream can tell. inkgrid commits to four guarantees instead:No invented text. Every output character is a codepoint the PDF encodes. No lost or doubled text. Each document carries a proof that every word is owned exactly once. Independently verified structure. A verifier re-reads the PDF with a different engine  PDFium  without importing the code that built the document. Every character PDFium reads must belong to exactly one word that holds it  every cell must hold the ink inside its rectangle  no drawn rule may divide a cell  and every value must be bound to one cell. On the 42 fee schedules of the look-back corpus  all 1 817 075 characters are accounted for  and 8 cells are reported ( docs/specs/10-verify.md § 0); re-checked for 0.1.0 on 2026-10-02  with the same result. Never silent. Anything degraded becomes a typed finding on the result.Whether this beats OCR and vision parsers at table structure was an open question  and the public evidence favored the vision hybrids. The benchmark (below) bears that out for Docling  the strongest hybrid measured. On 11 fee schedules no fix has seen  no difference between inkgrid's table structure and Docling's is distinguishable from 0  but Docling places tables better  finds more of their values  and misreads fewer glyphs; on the public sets  where inkgrid is tuned  Docling is ahead on every headline score. inkgrid is ahead of unstructured on both  of marker on the held-out set  and of the other text-layer readers on the scores the tables below mark. It does not beat Docling; what it offers instead is the four guarantees  in a 20th to a 35th of Docling's time per page.Quick startpip install inkgrid # or  in a uv project: uv add inkgrid inkgrid read path/to/file.pdf -o doc.json --markdown out.md --inspector out.html inkgrid verify path/to/file.pdf doc.json --inspector checked.html # exit 1 on any defect inkgrid words path/to/file.pdf --pretty # the raw page model  for debugging a readingTo work on inkgrid itself  from a clone: uv sync --all-groups   then the same commands under uv run .From Python:import inkgrid doc = inkgrid . read ( ""fees.pdf"" ) # a path  bytes  or a binary stream for block in doc . blocks : print ( block . id   block . kind   block . text ) for finding in doc . findings : print ( finding . severity   finding . code   finding . detail ) print ( doc . to_markdown ()) doc = inkgrid . read ( ""fees.pdf""   strict = True ) # raises StrictModeError on an error finding report = inkgrid . verify ( doc   ""fees.pdf"" ) # PDFium's reading against the document's for defect in report . defects : # lost  invented  text  vrule  value  ... print ( defect . page   defect . code   defect . block   defect . cell   defect . detail ) print ( report . ok )inkgrid.read_pages() returns the raw page model (words  rules  measurements) for debugging. An encrypted PDF takes password= . On the command line  the password is read from stdin with --password-stdin   never from arguments  because arguments show up in the process list.Benchmarks / EvalsThe headline: 11 fee schedules no fix has seen (M5d). Fee schedules from 11 exchange groups that none of inkgrid's 42 tuning documents comes from  chosen by a rule fixed before any tool read them  three seeded pages each: 31 pages and 53 tables. Each table's grid was drafted from the page's rendering  never from any tool's reading; each cell's text is the PDF's own words; and every table  with 200 cells glyph by glyph  was checked by hand. inkgrid reads them as it read the tuned run below. Every tool reads each whole document (146 pages); only its tables on the scored pages count. Eleven documents give wide intervals. The protocol: docs/specs/16-held-out-fee-set.md ; the full report  with every metric and paired difference: bench/results/2026-10-01-fb58b0a-heldout/report.md .Tool Structure F Table regions F Values bound to all labels Values found Cell CER (lower is better) Seconds per page inkgrid 0.647 [0.418  0.849] 0.818 [0.655  0.945] 0.579 [0.363  0.793] 0.704 [0.451  0.899] 0.098 [0.029  0.240] 0.294 [0.211  0.434] Docling 0.708 [0.521  0.867] 0.895 [0.747  1.000] † 0.743 [0.593  0.865] 0.932 [0.834  0.988] † 0.024 [0.003  0.055] † 10.158 [9.054  11.836] † Docling  image-only (OCR) 0.707 [0.519  0.862] 0.862 [0.661  1.000] 0.772 [0.592  0.892] 0.923 [0.817  0.983] † 0.035 [0.011  0.083] 18.404 [12.969  22.064] † marker 0.234 [0.114  0.364] † 0.850 [0.709  0.953] 0.153 [0.047  0.272] † 0.459 [0.249  0.647] 0.465 [0.273  0.618] † 0.566 [0.489  0.732] † unstructured hi_res (OCR) 0.336 [0.206  0.473] † 0.905 [0.839  0.962] 0.082 [0.017  0.175] † 0.612 [0.388  0.810] 0.259 [0.147  0.352] 5.327 [4.824  6.194] † Camelot 0.476 [0.202  0.725] 0.725 [0.496  0.900] 0.350 [0.114  0.627] † 0.357 [0.115  0.641] † 0.308 [0.097  0.635] † 0.284 [0.263  0.326] PyMuPDF 0.490 [0.259  0.711] 0.776 [0.558  0.939] 0.320 [0.105  0.592] † 0.343 [0.113  0.622] † 0.477 [0.222  0.703] † 0.070 [0.058  0.086] † pdfplumber 0.498 [0.263  0.711] 0.714 [0.480  0.900] 0.320 [0.105  0.592] † 0.343 [0.113  0.622] † 0.520 [0.241  0.760] † 0.096 [0.080  0.113] † inkgrid on Tesseract's words 0.368 [0.218  0.532] † 0.809 [0.673  0.928] 0.136 [0.028  0.305] † 0.468 [0.291  0.650] † 0.144 [0.071  0.265] 1.681 [1.575  1.912] †A † marks a tool whose paired difference from inkgrid on that metric has an interval excluding 0. ""Values bound to all labels"" and ""values found"" score the truth's access paths (each value with its row and column labels); cell CER counts glyph errors on the 200 checked cells  each against the closest cell of the tool's matching table  so a missed table costs all its glyphs. Docling reads the text layer through its layout and table models  with OCR only where a page has none; its image-only run  and unstructured  read every page with OCR; marker reads with OCR off. The heavy tools' seconds are a warm process's on a 16-thread CPU  their models loaded.Against the other text-layer readers (Camelot  PyMuPDF  pdfplumber): inkgrid files more values under all their labels (0.579 against 0.320 to 0.350) and finds more of them (0.704 against 0.343 to 0.357)  misreads fewer glyphs (0.098 against 0.308 to 0.520)  and its structure recall is higher (0.628 against 0.402 to 0.443). Its structure F and table regions are not distinguishable from theirs.(Camelot  PyMuPDF  pdfplumber): inkgrid files more values under all their labels (0.579 against 0.320 to 0.350) and finds more of them (0.704 against 0.343 to 0.357)  misreads fewer glyphs (0.098 against 0.308 to 0.520)  and its structure recall is higher (0.628 against 0.402 to 0.443). Its structure F and table regions are not distinguishable from theirs. Against Docling: no difference in structure (F 0.647 against 0.708) or in values bound to all their labels (0.579 against 0.743) is distinguishable from 0. Docling places tables better (regions F 0.895 against 0.818)  finds more values (0.932 against 0.704)  and misreads fewer glyphs (0.024 against 0.098)  at 10.2 seconds a page to inkgrid's 0.29. On the image-only copy  Docling finds more values (0.923); no other difference from inkgrid is distinguishable  at 18.4 seconds a page.no difference in structure (F 0.647 against 0.708) or in values bound to all their labels (0.579 against 0.743) is distinguishable from 0. Docling places tables better (regions F 0.895 against 0.818)  finds more values (0.932 against 0.704)  and misreads fewer glyphs (0.024 against 0.098)  at 10.2 seconds a page to inkgrid's 0.29. On the image-only copy  Docling finds more values (0.923); no other difference from inkgrid is distinguishable  at 18.4 seconds a page. Against marker and unstructured hi_res : inkgrid's structure (F 0.647 against 0.234 and 0.336) and values bound to all their labels (0.579 against 0.153 and 0.082) are higher  and marker misreads more glyphs (0.465); no difference in table regions is distinguishable.inkgrid's structure (F 0.647 against 0.234 and 0.336) and values bound to all their labels (0.579 against 0.153 and 0.082) are higher  and marker misreads more glyphs (0.465); no difference in table regions is distinguishable. What the text layer gives inkgrid: fed Tesseract's words instead of the PDF's  inkgrid's structure F falls from 0.647 to 0.368 and its values bound to all their labels from 0.579 to 0.136  and it runs 5.7 times slower.fed Tesseract's words instead of the PDF's  inkgrid's structure F falls from 0.647 to 0.368 and its values bound to all their labels from 0.579 to 0.136  and it runs 5.7 times slower. Where inkgrid fails: on three of the 11 documents (Borsa Istanbul's data fees  JPX's participant fees  LuxSE's listing fees) it binds no value to all its labels and gets few of the tables' cell relations right; they hold 283 of its 407 misread glyphs.on three of the 11 documents (Borsa Istanbul's data fees  JPX's participant fees  LuxSE's listing fees) it binds no value to all its labels and gets few of the tables' cell relations right; they hold 283 of its 407 misread glyphs. The verifier reports 8 cells on these documents  all on one (PSX's trading fees  pages 3 and 4)  each a word inkgrid's grid cuts in two. Camelot refuses one document whose permissions forbid text extraction (SET's TFEX fees)  scored as no tables; every other tool reads all 11.reports 8 cells on these documents  all on one (PSX's trading fees  pages 3 and 4)  each a word inkgrid's grid cuts in two. whose permissions forbid text extraction (SET's TFEX fees)  scored as no tables; every other tool reads all 11. The truth shares the text layer: its cell text is the characters inkgrid and the other text-layer readers also read  so an OCR tool can misread a glyph where they cannot. Values found and cell CER compare the two kinds of tool on those terms.Two runs against other text-layer readers (pdfplumber 0.11.10  PyMuPDF 1.28.2's find_tables()   and Camelot 2.0.0's lattice  each with its defaults). The baseline is inkgrid's reading before any fix for the reading errors its verifier found on these same documents; the one change since M4 stops a crash on a Camelot table with no cells. The tuned run is its reading after the M5c fixes  which were designed while looking at those errors  so it overstates how inkgrid reads documents no fix has seen (DR-0023). The peers are measured again in each run  and their numbers are identical. Each number is a point estimate with its 95% interval from 10 000 resamples of documents. The protocol was fixed before anything was scored: docs/specs/12-benchmark.md . The full reports  with every metric and every paired difference  are bench/results/latest.md (tuned  with the heavy tools below) and bench/results/2026-09-29-b33b3cb/report.md (baseline).Dataset (documents) Metric inkgrid  tuned inkgrid  baseline Camelot PyMuPDF pdfplumber ICDAR-2013 competition (67) Structure F  the competition's scorer 0.788 [0.711  0.861] 0.777 [0.700  0.850] 0.637 [0.531  0.735] 0.611 [0.512  0.702] 0.591 [0.493  0.683] ICDAR-2013 competition (67) F1-TEDS  Soric et al.'s protocol 0.628 [0.466  0.788] 0.612 [0.455  0.767] 0.624 [0.494  0.735] 0.519 [0.384  0.639] 0.416 [0.287  0.545] ICDAR-2013 practice (58) Structure F  the competition's scorer 0.688 [0.596  0.776] 0.664 [0.569  0.756] 0.499 [0.381  0.611] 0.457 [0.346  0.568] 0.420 [0.314  0.527] ICDAR-2013 practice (58) Values filed under their labels 0.323 [0.199  0.488] 0.309 [0.188  0.469] 0.251 [0.142  0.393] 0.239 [0.135  0.382] 0.172 [0.093  0.280] olmOCR-bench tables (188) Table tests passed 0.486 [0.415  0.558] 0.481 [0.410  0.552] 0.273 [0.213  0.338] 0.321 [0.256  0.390] 0.294 [0.231  0.361]A bold number is ahead of all three peers in its run  with every paired difference's interval excluding 0.Where inkgrid is ahead  in both runs: table structure by the ICDAR competition's own scorer  on both sets  mostly through recall; the olmOCR-bench table tests  on all 188 PDFs and on the 173 with a text layer; and values filed under their row and column labels (the practice set's 5 603 checkable access paths). That last metric tops out at 0.868 even when the ground truth itself is read as a tool  partly because some labels sit outside the value's row and column.table structure by the ICDAR competition's own scorer  on both sets  mostly through recall; the olmOCR-bench table tests  on all 188 PDFs and on the 173 with a text layer; and values filed under their row and column labels (the practice set's 5 603 checkable access paths). That last metric tops out at 0.868 even when the ground truth itself is read as a tool  partly because some labels sit outside the value's row and column. Where it is not: under Soric et al.'s protocol no difference from Camelot or PyMuPDF is distinguishable from 0 in either run  and inkgrid is ahead of pdfplumber on the three structure scores but not on table boxes. At the baseline  its pooled structure precision on the competition set was below Camelot's (0.794 against 0.934)  and so was its region precision on the practice set (0.873 against 0.940); in the tuned run neither difference is distinguishable from 0 (0.802  and 0.895).under Soric et al.'s protocol no difference from Camelot or PyMuPDF is distinguishable from 0 in either run  and inkgrid is ahead of pdfplumber on the three structure scores but not on table boxes. At the baseline  its pooled structure precision on the competition set was below Camelot's (0.794 against 0.934)  and so was its region precision on the practice set (0.873 against 0.940); in the tuned run neither difference is distinguishable from 0 (0.802  and 0.895). Tuned against baseline: every tuned number in the table is higher  but the two runs are not paired here and each row's intervals overlap  so this benchmark does not show that the fixes raised these scores. What they did remove  by design  is what the verifier finds on these documents: 323 defects on 34 of the 313 at the baseline  32 on 7 in the tuned run.every tuned number in the table is higher  but the two runs are not paired here and each row's intervals overlap  so this benchmark does not show that the fixes raised these scores. What they did remove  by design  is what the verifier finds on these documents: 323 defects on 34 of the 313 at the baseline  32 on 7 in the tuned run. It is the slowest: 0.35 to 0.53 seconds per page in the tuned run (0.34 to 0.55 at the baseline)  against 0.28 to 0.36 for Camelot and 0.07 to 0.12 for PyMuPDF and pdfplumber (timings move about 10% between two runs of the same code). inkgrid runs Camelot's lattice for ruled grids  so its comparison with Camelot measures what inkgrid adds on top of it.0.35 to 0.53 seconds per page in the tuned run (0.34 to 0.55 at the baseline)  against 0.28 to 0.36 for Camelot and 0.07 to 0.12 for PyMuPDF and pdfplumber (timings move about 10% between two runs of the same code). inkgrid runs Camelot's lattice for ruled grids  so its comparison with Camelot measures what inkgrid adds on top of it. No tool crashed on any of the 313 documents in either run. Soric et al.'s own released predictions  re-scored here with their evaluator  reproduce their results within 0.01 on 15 of 16 numbers (PyMuPDF's F1-TEDS misses by 0.00002).OCR  vision  and hybrid parsers on the public sets (M5d-1). The tuned run again  at bea4c95   with Docling (by default and on an image-only copy of each PDF)  marker (OCR off)  unstructured hi_res (Tesseract)  and inkgrid on Tesseract's words added; inkgrid's and the three peers' counts are identical to the first tuned run's. inkgrid is tuned on these documents and the heavy tools are not  so the comparison flatters inkgrid. A † marks a tool whose paired difference from inkgrid has an interval excluding 0. The full report is bench/results/latest.md .Dataset (documents) Metric inkgrid  tuned Docling Docling  image-only (OCR) marker unstructured hi_res (OCR) inkgrid on Tesseract's words ICDAR-2013 competition (67) Structure F  the competition's scorer 0.788 [0.711  0.861] 0.901 [0.857  0.937] † 0.880 [0.827  0.924] † 0.768 [0.697  0.833] 0.467 [0.398  0.534] † 0.354 [0.280  0.428] † ICDAR-2013 competition (67) F1-TEDS  Soric et al.'s protocol 0.628 [0.466  0.788] 0.894 [0.846  0.934] † 0.881 [0.829  0.923] † 0.759 [0.682  0.827] 0.585 [0.510  0.654] 0.341 [0.245  0.446] † ICDAR-2013 practice (58) Structure F  the competition's scorer 0.688 [0.596  0.776] 0.847 [0.775  0.910] † 0.829 [0.763  0.888] † 0.783 [0.708  0.850] † 0.468 [0.397  0.541] † 0.328 [0.253  0.404] † ICDAR-2013 practice (58) Values filed under their labels 0.323 [0.199  0.488] 0.494 [0.329  0.708] † 0.473 [0.314  0.672] † 0.303 [0.183  0.464] 0.074 [0.035  0.131] † 0.065 [0.024  0.126] † olmOCR-bench tables (188) Table tests passed 0.486 [0.415  0.558] 0.744 [0.692  0.792] † 0.736 [0.683  0.787] † 0.460 [0.397  0.521] 0.413 [0.359  0.468] 0.303 [0.252  0.358] † ICDAR-2013 practice (58) Seconds per page 0.427 [0.374  0.486] 8.254 [6.876  9.904] † 13.525 [12.634  14.583] † 0.451 [0.440  0.464] 5.186 [4.962  5.443] † 2.226 [2.070  2.391] †Docling is ahead of inkgrid on every one of these   in both its runs: structure F by 0.09 to 0.16  F1-TEDS by 0.25 to 0.27  values filed under their labels by 0.15 to 0.17  and olmOCR-bench's table tests by 0.25 to 0.26  at 8.3 and 13.5 seconds a page on the practice set to inkgrid's 0.43.  in both its runs: structure F by 0.09 to 0.16  F1-TEDS by 0.25 to 0.27  values filed under their labels by 0.15 to 0.17  and olmOCR-bench's table tests by 0.25 to 0.26  at 8.3 and 13.5 seconds a page on the practice set to inkgrid's 0.43. marker is ahead on the practice set's structure (0.783 against 0.688); no other difference from inkgrid is distinguishable  its speed included. On the held-out fee set it is far behind.is ahead on the practice set's structure (0.783 against 0.688); no other difference from inkgrid is distinguishable  its speed included. On the held-out fee set it is far behind. unstructured hi_res trails inkgrid on structure  on both sets  and on values filed under their labels; on F1-TEDS and olmOCR-bench no difference is distinguishable.trails inkgrid on structure  on both sets  and on values filed under their labels; on F1-TEDS and olmOCR-bench no difference is distinguishable. On Tesseract's words   inkgrid trails itself on every metric (structure F 0.354 and 0.328  against 0.788 and 0.688): the text layer  not the gridders alone  is what puts inkgrid where it is.  inkgrid trails itself on every metric (structure F 0.354 and 0.328  against 0.788 and 0.688): the text layer  not the gridders alone  is what puts inkgrid where it is. No heavy tool crashed or timed out on any of the 313 documents.Not measured: FinTabNet  of which no official source of the PDFs remains.ArchitectureA pure core sits between two thin shells. Only inkgrid.read touches MuPDF and Camelot  and only inkgrid.verify 's reader touches PDFium; a test enforces the layer table on the import graph. The verifier cannot import the code that builds the output  so its independence is structural. Details: docs/ARCHITECTURE.md .Tech stackPython 3.12+  PyMuPDF 1.28 (text layer and drawings)  Pydantic v2 (frozen  validated models)  uv with the uv_build backend  Ruff  mypy --strict   pytest 9 with Hypothesis  and GitHub Actions. Camelot 2.0 reads ruled tables. The default engine is lattice=""combined""   because it never fused or split a cell across 42 measured fee schedules. ""vector"" is about twice as fast end to end  but it malformed cells on 3% of their ruled pages  mostly tables drawn as Word draws borders. ""raster"" is also available. pypdfium2 5.13 (PDFium) powers the independent verifier.Deploymentinkgrid is a library  so there is nothing to deploy. A release is a version tag: release.yml checks that the tag is the project's final version with a dated changelog section  runs the lint  type  and test gates and the distribution smoke tests on Linux (CI on main covers the other platforms)  builds the sdist and wheel  and uploads those files to PyPI with the repository's API token; a testpypi-v tag rehearses the same on TestPyPI ( docs/specs/17-release.md ). Versions are bumped with uv version --bump .Licenseinkgrid's own code is MIT; see LICENSE.Read this before you ship inkgrid in a product. inkgrid requires PyMuPDF  which Artifex dual-licenses under the GNU AGPL-3.0 or a commercial license. Software distributed or served over a network with inkgrid must meet the AGPL's terms for the combined work  unless you hold Artifex's commercial license. This is not legal advice.The other dependencies are permissively licensed: Camelot (MIT)  Pydantic (MIT)  OpenCV (Apache-2.0)  pypdfium2 (Apache-2.0 or BSD-3-Clause)  pandas and NumPy (BSD-3-Clause). OpenCV is pinned away from 5.0.0.93  whose bundled FFmpeg lacks the CVE-2026-8461 fix.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.25,0.61,True,English,"['inkgrid', 'PyPI', 'hidden prompt injection', 'thin grey fills', 'Leading value-free rows', 'explicit cell grids', 'Two prose columns', 'cell edge flags', 'second PDF engine', 'narrowest table columns', 'second engine', 'cell outlines', 'merged cell', 'one cell', 'header rows', 'full-width rows', 'banner rows', 'dense rows', 'digital PDFs', 'Demo Script', 'one block', 'report generator', 'vector drawings', 'list item', 'superscript marker', 'font change', 'vector paths', 'clip path', 'Unicode mapping', 'Type 3 fonts', 'several lines', 'hanging-indent lists', 'spanning header', 'stub banner', 'Typed blocks', 'section numbers', 'line-end hyphen', 'lattice parser', 'GFM Markdown', 'reading order', 'row order', 'OCR layer', 'footnote calls', 'next page', 'page breaks', 'page numbers', 'page band', 'page panel', 'page border', 'Design Status', 'open frame', 'word processor', 'one word', 'transparent text', 'Exact tables', 'Ruled tables', 'text layer', 'page furniture', 'furniture label', 'inkgrid', 'rules', 'Why', 'Architecture', 'milestones', 'M6', 'Document', 'headers', 'footers', 'glossaries', 'definitions', 'notes', 'sentences', 'verify', 'PDFium', 'roadmap', 'docs', 'specs', 'md', 'kind', 'characters', 'pixels', 'heading', 'paragraph', 'cells', 'spans', 'Links', 'relationships', 'Words', 'middle', 'rectangles', 'finding', 'image', 'pages', 'MuPDF', 'CropBox', 'glyphs', 'pictures', 'modes', 'shape', 'gutter', 'sides', 'recurrence', 'levels', 'Camelot', 'DataFrame', 'positions', 'HTML', 'colspan', 'rowspan', '00']",2026-10-02,2026-10-03,pypi.org
