UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11225,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Buyouts group is seeking IPO on Euronext exchange,nan,Buyouts group is seeking IPO on Euronext exchange,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Buyouts group', 'Euronext exchange', 'IPO', 'Buyouts group', 'Euronext exchange', 'IPO']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
11411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,nan,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds']",2022-11-05,2022-11-06,Unknown
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-05,2022-11-06,Unknown
12735,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@pablo_force @DozersRevenge @CryptoDebo @1776Carolina3 @JoeBiden Why do you think DTCC  Euroclear took over all the… https://t.co/hdMYciPNF3,nan,@pablo_force @DozersRevenge @CryptoDebo @1776Carolina3 @JoeBiden Why do you think DTCC  Euroclear took over all the… https://t.co/hdMYciPNF3,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['pablo_force', 'DozersRevenge', 'CryptoDebo', 'JoeBiden', 'DTCC', 'Euroclear', 'pablo_force', 'DozersRevenge', 'CryptoDebo', 'JoeBiden', 'DTCC', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-05,2022-11-06,Unknown
12736,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/xDZVKbQyTo,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/xDZVKbQyTo,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-05,2022-11-06,Unknown
12740,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4553605-wall-street-breakfast-what-moved-markets,Wall Street Breakfast: What Moved Markets,Listen on the go! A daily podcast of Wall Street Breakfast will be available by 8:00 a.m. on Seeking Alpha  iTunes  Stitcher and Spotify.,"Despite an inconclusive jobs report that contributed to choppy trading early in the session  stocks finished Friday with modest gains. The advance allowed the major U.S. equity averages to break a four-session losing streak  which was fueled by the Federal Reserve's refusal earlier this week to make a definitive pivot from its ultra-hawkish stance. For the full week the major averages finished lower  with the Dow shedding 1.4%  the S&P off 3.4% and the Nasdaq clipping 5.7%. The tone was set when Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell warned that the ultimate level of interest rates will be higher than expected and China reopening hopes faded. The 10-year Treasury yield (US10Y) ended the week at 4.18% and the 2-year yield (US2Y) stood at 4.67%. Looking ahead  the CPI report and U.S. election loom next week as big events. Read about some of the other major events in Seeking Alpha's Catalyst Watch.Windfall tax?BP (NYSE:BP) became the last of the Big Oil majors to report earnings this week  and the quarterly results quickly got controversial. Underlying replacement cost profit  used as a proxy for net profit  came in at $8.2B in the third quarter  up from $3.3B recorded in the same period a year ago. The report came at a time when commodity prices have surged  with oil and gas prices fueling inflation  in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine.In the crosshairs: ""Oil companies' record profits today are not because of doing something new or innovative. Their profits are a windfall of war  a windfall for the brutal conflict that's ravaging Ukraine and hurting tens of millions of people around the globe "" President Biden said in a statement. ""My team will work with Congress to look at these options that are available to us and others. It's time for these companies to stop war profiteering  meet their responsibilities in this country and give the American people a break and still do very well.""Talk of a windfall tax on energy producers first circulated among progressives  like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren  but it is now gaining traction in mainstream Democratic circles. Others feel that a tax would disincentivize and reduce current production  leading to even higher prices. They say it would also hurt future hydrocarbon investment  which has been weighed down by a regulatory environment that focuses on greener technologies and fails to address supply and demand imbalances.Turning to history: The Crude Oil Windfall Profit Tax Act of 1980 was enacted under the Carter administration  and generated some $80B in gross revenues over the next eight years before being repealed by President Reagan. U.S. crude production declined as much as 8% over the period  according to the Congressional Research Service  while Washington grew increasingly concerned that the tax had increased the nation's dependence on imported oil. The CRS also cautions that despite the ""windfall"" name  it was really in excise tax  that was determined by calculating the ""difference between the market price of oil... and a statutory 1979 base price that was adjusted quarterly for inflation and state severance taxes."" Better examples may be seen from the ""war profiteering"" levy enacted during WWI and a similar excess profits tax adopted during WWII.How much are we talking about? Profits among the Big Oil majors totaled nearly $60B last quarter  including U.S.-based Exxon Mobil (XOM) (+191% Y/Y to $19.7B) and Chevron (CVX) (+84% to $11.2B)  as well as Europe's BP (+145% to $8.2B)  Shell (SHEL) (+129% to $9.5B)  Eni (E) (+161% to $3.7B) and TotalEnergies (TTE) (+43% to $6.6B). American energy giant ConocoPhillips (COP)  which was often included in the list prior to spinning off its downstream operations into Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) a decade ago  reported net income on Thursday that nearly doubled to $4.5B Y/Y. (256 comments)Heart pumpsLooking to boost growth at its medical devices unit  Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) agreed to acquire cardiac pump maker Abiomed (ABMD) for an upfront payment of $380 per share  or a total of $16.6B (including debt and cash). An additional $35 per share will be paid if certain sales and regulatory clearance milestones are reached. Abiomed's stock skyrocketed on the news  surging nearly 50% over the session to close at $378.82 on Tuesday.Bigger picture: The deal comes ahead of J&J's planned spinoff of its consumer health business  which sells Tylenol and Band-Aids  into a standalone company in 2023. It will leave J&J more focused on its two remaining divisions  pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Abiomed's fast-growing Impella device  billed as the world's smallest heart pump  could provide a boost to the latter unit  with the device used to treat conditions ranging from a heart attack and failure to clogged arteries.""This acquisition is consistent with that strategy  expanding J&J med tech into high-growth markets  and accelerating revenue growth while advancing the standard of care "" CEO Joaquin Duato declared.Go deeper: J&J is not tightly integrating Abiomed into the rest of its business  and it will operate as a separate entity within its MedTech division. The deal is expected to accelerate its near- and long-term sales growth  and will be slightly dilutive to neutral to its adjusted earnings per share in the first year due to financing impact  but the pharma giant projects the transaction will add nearly $0.05 in 2024 before becoming increasingly accretive thereafter. (28 comments)No pivot yetInvestors need some time off after a topsy-turvy year  but things may not be better at the local amusement park. Fed Chair Jay Powell took the market on another rollercoaster on Wednesday  with a series of loop-the-loops aboard a ride known as the Dove-Hawk Twister. When all was said and done  the Dow dropped 500 points  while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq slumped 2.5% and 3.6%  respectively  after initially soaring on the Fed's announcement (that came along with a 75 bps rate hike).Steep turns: ""With the lags between policy and economic activity  there's a lot of uncertainty  so that we note that in determining the pace of future increases will take into account the cumulative tightening of monetary policy  as well as the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation... that's why I've said at the last two press conferences that at some point it will become appropriate to slow the pace of increases. So that time is coming  and it may come as soon as the next meeting or the one after that.""""We may ultimately move to higher levels than we thought at the time of the September meeting. The incoming data since our last meeting suggests the ultimate level of interest rates will be higher than previously expected. The risks are asymmetric. If the Fed does too much  it can cut. If it doesn't tighten enough  then you’re in real trouble... It is very premature to be thinking about pausing... We think we have a ways to go.""Bottom line: Powell and Co. will be watching the data and evolving market conditions before making any significant pivot. The Non-Farm Payrolls report for October was released Friday  and will be followed by the Consumer Price Index on Nov. 10  and Personal Consumption Expenditures on Dec. 1. The latter is the Fed's preferred measurement for inflation as it captures changes in consumer behavior and has a broader scope than the CPI. Global macro events will also be considered like Russia's war against Ukraine and the effects of China's zero-COVID policy. (101 comments)King CookWhat a difference one year can make. Apple (AAPL) closed out Wednesday's session with a market capitalization of $2.307T  making it more valuable than Alphabet (GOOG  GOOGL)  Amazon (AMZN) and Meta (META) combined (worth a total of $2.306T). The latter group even started 2022 worth $4.410T  compared to the valuation of the iPhone maker at $2.913T.Free cash flow: ""Take a look at last quarter. Apple FCF: $20 billion  Google FCF: $16 billion  Meta FCF: $0.3 billion  Amazon FCF: -$5 billion "" tweeted financial YouTuber Joseph Carlson  who first pointed out the comparison. ""Now of course one quarter doesn't paint the full picture. But Apple is posting massive FCF like clockwork. The others are not.""The four companies also reported earnings last week and only Apple's results were met with a positive market reaction. Macs selling at a record pace outweighed a slight miss on iPhone sales  while the Tim Cook-led firm beat estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Weak growth  some misses and downbeat forecasts weighed on the other tech giants  while many are worried about Meta's experimental pivot to a digital avatar-filled universe given its lack of regard to spending as the business burns billions.Commentary: ""Perhaps it's investor expectations  demanding perfection across complicated conglomerates "" wrote Mark Shmulik  senior internet analyst at Bernstein  following the quarterly figures last week. ""Or maybe Internet mega-caps are a lot less agile than we thought and [are] either unable or unwilling to adapt to a changing operating environment. What if it's just structural and Internet incumbents need to spend an ever-increasing amount of capital in their mature years to keep competitors at bay? All the above."" (204 comments)Grain dealRussia agreed to return to a Turkish and U.N. brokered agreement that allowed the shipment of millions of tons of Ukrainian grain through the Black Sea. It had previously pulled out of the deal following an alleged Ukrainian drone attack in Crimea last Saturday. Moscow said ""written assurances"" from Kyiv guaranteed that it would not use the humanitarian maritime corridor for military purposes  so the shipments could continue unobstructed.Market movement: Wheat futures plunged in the U.S. and Europe on Wednesday  as well as other commodities. On the Chicago Board of Trade  wheat for December delivery (W_1:COM) settled down 6.3% to $8.46 per bushel  and December corn (C_1:COM) closed off 1.5% to $6.87 a bushel. The benchmark December contract on Euronext also settled 4.6% lower to €341.25/metric ton.There's been some debate over how much leverage Russia's Vladimir Putin really holds over the deal  with the grain shipments continuing on Monday and Tuesday (and a one day interruption on Wednesday). Some say that the parties involved could push ahead despite Moscow's objections  though others feel that it would be hard to ink shipping and insurance contracts to underwrite the voyages. Whatever the case may be  Putin will likely try to gain additional leverage ahead of the deal's original expiration date of Nov. 19  and before the upcoming G20 Summit in Bali.Stats: Under the Black Sea Grain Initiative  more than 400 ships departing Ukraine exported 9.9M metric tons of corn  wheat  sunflower products  barley  rapeseed and soy over the past two months. (17 comments)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.02,0.84,True,English,"['Wall Street Breakfast', 'Markets', 'The Crude Oil Windfall Profit Tax Act', 'U.S.-based Exxon Mobil', 'Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell', 'major U.S. equity averages', 'U.S. crude production', 'American energy giant ConocoPhillips', 'similar excess profits tax', 'J&J med tech', ""Oil companies' record profits"", 'U.S. election', 'replacement cost profit', 'four-session losing streak', 'mainstream Democratic circles', 'future hydrocarbon investment', 'next eight years', 'Congressional Research Service', 'state severance taxes', 'cardiac pump maker', 'consumer health business', 'two remaining divisions', 'CEO Joaquin Duato', 'other major events', 'Big Oil majors', '10-year Treasury yield', 'statutory 1979 base price', 'regulatory clearance milestones', 'smallest heart pump', 'inconclusive jobs report', 'growing Impella device', 'war profiteering"" levy', 'medical devices unit', 'major averages', 'The CRS', 'net profit', 'S&P', 'Windfall tax', 'big events', 'energy producers', 'current production', 'excise tax', '2-year yield', 'American people', 'regulatory environment', 'windfall"" name', 'market price', 'latter unit', 'Heart pumps', 'heart attack', 'choppy trading', 'modest gains', 'definitive pivot', 'ultra-hawkish stance', 'ultimate level', 'interest rates', 'CPI report', 'Catalyst Watch', 'quarterly results', 'third quarter', 'commodity prices', 'gas prices', 'coronavirus pandemic', 'brutal conflict', 'President Biden', 'Bernie Sanders', 'Elizabeth Warren', 'higher prices', 'greener technologies', 'demand imbalances', 'Carter administration', 'gross revenues', 'President Reagan', 'Better examples', 'downstream operations', 'NYSE:PSX', 'net income', 'upfront payment', 'Bigger picture', 'standalone company', 'high-growth markets', 'full week', 'same period', 'revenue growth', 'stocks', 'advance', 'refusal', 'Nasdaq', 'China', 'hopes', 'Alpha', 'BP', 'earnings', 'proxy', 'time', 'inflation', 'aftermath', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'crosshairs', 'something', 'tens', 'millions', 'globe', 'statement', 'team', 'options', 'others', 'country', 'break', 'Talk', 'progressives', 'supply', 'history', 'Washington', 'nation', 'dependence', 'difference', 'WWI', 'XOM', 'Chevron', 'CVX', 'Europe', 'Shell', 'Eni', 'TotalEnergies', 'list', 'Thursday', '256 comments', 'Johnson', 'JNJ', 'Abiomed', 'ABMD', 'share', 'debt', 'cash', 'sales', 'news', 'Tuesday', 'deal', 'spinoff', 'Tylenol', 'Band-Aids', 'pharmaceuticals', 'world', 'boost', 'conditions', 'failure', 'arteries', 'acquisition', 'strategy', 'standard', 'care']",2022-11-05,2022-11-06,seekingalpha.com
12753,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4553781-polymetal-international-plc-poyyf-q3-2022-earnings-call-transcript,Polymetal International plc (POYYF) Q3 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Polymetal International plc (OTCPK:POYYF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 7:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsVitaly Nesis – Group Chief Executive OfficerConference Call...,Polymetal International plc (OTCPK:POYYF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 7:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsVitaly Nesis – Group Chief Executive OfficerConference Call ParticipantsOliver Grewcock – BerenbergVitaly NesisLadies and gentlemen  welcome to the traditional quarterly production results call. I will first briefly walk you through the operational results  provide you with an update on our corporate initiatives and then we'll conclude with the traditional Q&A session.Overall  in the third quarter of 2022  Polymetal International started to catch up with the decline in production experienced in the first half of the year. In the third quarter  the gold equivalent production year-on-year increased by 7%  mostly the function of our new mine in Nezhda ramping up and first production generated at the new Kutyn Heap Leach Project within the Albazino hub. We expect that the fourth quarter production will continue on the upfront and we're cautiously optimistic about our ability to miss the original production guidance of 1.7 million ounces in 2022 despite significant challenges through the year.In terms of our development projects  they progress in line. And specifically  POX-2 is successfully overcoming challenges related to the supply chain issues. Particularly we note that logistical hurdles presented by the COVID restrictions in China are starting to relax  which obviously helps our strategy of changing the sources of some of the materials and spares to China and other Asian countries.As you well know  the key challenge in the first half of the year has been the accumulation of unsold finished goods inventory  specifically bullion and dore. September marked the first month when we really started to draw down that inventory. And in October  we already witnessed a significant decrease in Bullion inventory  pushing down our net debt compared with the peak number by about $150 million. So by the end of the October  we already are actually below $2.7 billion mark  and we expect that November and December to be particularly strong in terms of free cash flow generation. Thanks both to the seasonal cash inflows  but also to the continued unwinding of very significant metal stockpile that we accumulated since the beginning of the year. Clearly  this bodes well for deleveraging  and we remain cautiously optimistic that the continued strong free cash flow generation will enable us to seriously consider the resumption of dividend payments in 2023.In general  we reiterate our full year production gains and maintain our cost guidance for the year. We also provide formal initial guidance for 2023 and 2024. In each of those years  we expect stable production of 1.7 million ounces of gold equivalent. Now we note that supply chain risks  although continuing to mitigate  still are present. And management is applying our best efforts to ensure that they are well contained and addressed. We will provide cost guidance for 2023 in late January 2023  together with 2022 full year production results.In terms of the corporate update in October  we have completed shareholder votes on the share exchange offer for shares held through the national securities depository in Russia and the shareholders will be overwhelmingly supported the share exchange. So far  about 10.5% of all company's shares have been submitted for the share exchange and we're continuing to work with our share depository to successfully close the offer. We also – the Board also continues its search for – to recruit the new Board members to replace the 2 Board members that have left the Board earlier in the month.In terms of our other strategic initiatives  we're continuing with our analysis of strategic options  including the option to redomicile the company to another jurisdiction. And also the options related to the shares that will continue to be held in NSD following the completion of the share exchange program. We will update the market as we progress our analysis of those options. And we definitely expect to have a full final understanding of where and how we're moving by the time we present full year production results in the second half of January.And I guess  with this  I conclude my brief introductory remarks and we'll be happy to answer any questions.Question-and-Answer SessionOperatorWe will now take our first question from Lannett Lawson [ph]. Please go ahead. Your line is open.Unidentified AnalystThank you. So in the previous call  you mentioned that you expect by today's call to provide some information on the impact of the partial mobilization in Russia. Would you be able to comment on that?Vitaly NesisWell  thanks for the question. Obviously  I cannot give you any specific details. But generally  we believe that the partial mobilization will not have a material impact on our production or cost guidance this year or next year.OperatorAll right  thank you. We will now take our next question from Mitchell Martin from Mitchell Advisory Company [ph]. Please go ahead. Your line is open.Unidentified AnalystYes  thank you. Good morning. In your – from your last presentation  I mean  you were – I know you're – we're projecting for your own internal planning  higher gold prices and a better ruble-dollar exchange rate. Now that it's not as favorable  how do you see the reductions  obviously  you're selling much more of your inventory now which is fantastic. But given lower gold prices  less favorable dollar-ruble exchange rate than you projected  how do you see net debt going down? Has it dramatically impacted your planning for this? If you can just address that  please?Vitaly NesisThanks. Thank you very much. Well  we still expect a significant reduction of net debt by year-end. I think the optimistic number is probably close to $2 billion  but the achievement of this optimistic estimate will be contingent mostly on the ruble-dollar exchange rate. Still  we believe that we can push down the current debt – net debt number within the next 2 months down by $300 million  $400 million. So the substantial deleveraging will definitely be achieved. And also  I think the deleveraging will continue into the first quarter of the next year because although we will be able to monetize more or less all of our bullion and dore stockpiles this year  some of the concentrate stockpiles will only be cashed in the first quarter of the next year. So we will retain some of the positive cash flow momentum into the start of the next year. So I think  in general  despite the macroeconomic variables being slightly worse than what we expected at the beginning of the year or a couple of months ago  we are still in a very good shape.Unidentified AnalystThank you. That's music to my ears. Thank you very  very much. Great job. Thank you.OperatorAll right  we have one more question. We have Mr. Oliver from Berenberg. Please go ahead  sir. Your line is open.Oliver GrewcockHi  thank you. Just one question from me  please. When do you expect the recovery rate at Nezhda to kind of get towards the design level  please? Thank you.Vitaly NesisWell  Nezhda is currently operating at design levels both in terms of throughput grade and recoveries. The only deviation from our original plan is the fact that some of the high arsenic concentrate is temporarily unmonetizable. So we have stopped piling this concentrate in anticipation of the start-up of POX-2. However  even with this complication  the asset is free cash flow positive starting from this quarter. And the accumulation of the concentrate will be resolved once the POX-2 is fully operational in 2024.Oliver GrewcockThat's very helpful. Thank you.Vitaly NesisWell  actually  quite a few questions from the webcast  so we'll try to go through that. First question is in the news update on 22nd September  you stated you have supply chain issues. Have you managed to resolve this  especially the procurement of equipment and critical spare parts?This is a very good question. I think that in terms of short-term impact on the operations and on the project  we have no critical issues. We managed to secure both operational consumer both and equipment from alternative sources  mostly in Asia  but also from Russia. Longer term  we will need to continue hard work to find alternative sources  mostly of underground mining equipment in China  Turkey  other countries. But I think the situation is well under control. And unless there is further substantial tightening of sanctions regime  we believe that the supply chain issues will not impact our production guidance  although we will face some of the cost headwinds  mostly related to sometimes a decline in productivity and mechanical availability of non-European  non-western equipment.Due to the sanctions on Russian banks  will you be able to pay back all your debt during 2023?The short answer is yes. First of all  we are fully compliant with all of the relevant sanctions. And this is our critical intention to continue to be in full compliance. We believe that the payments due in 2023 and beyond that time horizon will be fully compliant with the sanctions.Any update on recycling the Pacific Park in Kazakhstan?Yes  we more or less have identified the broader region in which we want to locate this project and the final decision about the specific site will be made by the end of this quarter. We will announce the site together with our full year production update in late January.I hope you can keep the company together and keep the Russian assets. What are the chances of keeping the Russian assets?As we have said during the shareholder meeting  sale of the Russian assets is no longer an option. We are not even considering it. So the goal is to preserve the shareholder value by not selling the assets  but by rather the optimal scenario is the legal separation of assets into two different jurisdictions  which would allow the shareholders to retain full exposure to the value of assets in both countries.What can you tell us about sales of the concentrates to China? Do you think that normalization will last?Yes  I think normalization that we have been observing for the last couple of months will last. The logistical hurdles are slowly being relaxed. Definitely  we are not back to full normal pre-COVID logistics. But I'm optimistic that within the next three months  we will see a full resolution of all constraints and this would actually be helpful in terms of reducing the shipment times and freeing up some working capital from the concentrates path to the final bar.Would you comment on the decision of temporarily suspending activity at Nezhda open-pit and the same with open-pit mining at Saum?These are mostly the measures that relate to our desire to reduce our current operating expenditures and to monetize substantial ore stockpiles that have accumulated at the respective operations. As you may remember  we have aggressively pre-stripped Nezhda during the project buildup stage. So now we can actually reduce mining activity without any serious impact on production and actually with an improvement in economics. So more or less  we are catching up our active investment during the construction stage.Can you see – as I see retreating back in the future to levels of two years ago  will the resolution in Ukraine and Russian conflict translate into a very significant decline in costs?I think most likely  there is no way back to pre-COVID levels mostly because of the global inflation. Structurally  definitely peaceful resolution would be helpful  but I don't think it will be able to fully neutralize the accumulated cost creep over the last 3 years.Any news about future underground equipment? Could you comment on Ekaterina-2 underground mine transition to care and maintenance?Well  it's a similar story to Nezhda. We have a substantial accumulated stockpile of ore  so putting one of the underground mines on temporary current maintenance will not impact future production and we'll be able to buttress our free cash flows  thanks to inventory monetization. Now yes  partially  this decision is related to our desire to have extra level of security in terms of underground equipment. We are transitioning to a mostly Chinese kit  but it will take some time. So we are consciously idling some of the current underground equipment in order to use the older units now as sources of spares for the new units.So we are consciously cannibalizing some of the equipment. We will need 2 to 3 years to effect a full-scale transition to non-western underground equipment. And throughout this period  we will need to have this additional kind of level of safety in our underground mine equipment availability.What is your outlook for gold prices?Honestly  I don't have a strong opinion. Definitely  we'll hope that gold price will go up  but this is by no means soon.What moves you to accelerate the execution of the second stage of the Euro flotation project and to delay other projects?We are prioritizing the projects that are shorter-term and less capital intensive. Currently  the leverage definitely is very much on the top of – on the list of the management's concerns. So longer-dated  more capital-intensive projects are pushed down on the list of priorities. And we are trying to execute smaller and shorter scheduled projects with the goal to strengthen our free cash flow generation.From the point of view of the traditional kind of NPV calculations that may be suboptimal  but realistically  we are responding to the environment  which  in effect  demands higher discount rate from our investments and high discount rate prioritizes shorter-lived fast payback projects. Hence  our decision to slow down Veduga and to accelerate the second stage of yours rotation.Would you expect the debt level to come down? What will be the new optimum debt level? And when do you expect dividend resumption?Well  I believe we can push down the absolute debt level below the absolute $2 billion mark and definitely below 2x net debt over EBITDA. And in terms of dividend resumption  the Board traditionally considers the ability to pay dividend in March. And definitely  a lot will depend on the macroeconomic variables at the time. But I think – I hope it will be a substantive discussion because the financial position of Polymetal by that time should improve enough to make a dividend payment possible from the point of view of financial strength.Is Kazakhstan still in the list of possible candidate countries for new registration of Polymetal International?Yes  it definitely is. It's one of the top contenders.If we don't exchange our shares and we keep them in the LSE  we will lose our dividend in 2023.No  definitely not. In general  regardless of the decisions we make in terms of changing the potential change in domicile of the company  the management intends to keep the LSE listing. So this is one of the priorities that we pursue as we evaluate various options. So the LSE listing is not at risk we hope and dividends of shares listed on the LSE are not at risk.Would you consider acquisitions in Africa? No.Do you expect meaningful changes in head grades in 2023?Well  we – I just announced the stable production guidance for the next year. And given the fact that the processing volumes will roughly stay the same  that more or less means that the head grades are roughly stable. There will be some fluctuation at the individual mine levels. But company-wide  the head grade is likely to stay more or less stable.How can you comment your positive LTIFR dynamics?Well  I think we had a small uptick 9 months year-on-year. But in general  I am satisfied with our safety performance year-to-date  we had no fatalities  no serious accidents. And definitely  we will continue to view the safety of our employees and contractors as our top priority.When is the next mine opening?Well  our next mine is very likely still to be Veduga. We originally planned to launch it in 2025. Right now  we believe the realistic startup date for that asset shifted to 2027.Do you have any updates on POX-3  especially after the statement on provision of land in the [indiscernible] region by the Federal Agency for State Property Management?Well  that land acquisition has been a long time in the works and it's kind of the delayed impact of our activities on the site in the [indiscernible] region. Right now POX-3 siting is definitely in Kazakhstan. So that plan for now will be kept on the backburner with no project specifically linked to it.Is there a risk of not receiving dividends on shares held at NSD?Yes  there is such a risk because currently  as far as we understand  the Euroclear does not allow the passing of dividends to NSD. [Technical Difficulty] Do you hear me? [Technical Difficulty]OperatorWe can hear you loud and clear.Vitaly NesisOkay. Thank you. So in terms of going back to the dividends on shares held at NSD  this is one of the thorniest issues the management faces. And obviously  we understand that all shareholders signed title to dividends. On the other hand  we can't really do anything with Euroclear really. So we are currently working closely with our legal counsel and with our corporate brokers to try to find a solution to this issue.Now we will do our best to ensure that when dividend payment is resumed  shareholders holding shares at NSD should have access to dividends. However  I'd like to highlight the risk that the position of the Euroclear vis-a-vis NSD will make this difficult or impossible.If we are in sanctioned nations  how will we receive our dividends?Well  the entity paying the dividends is located in Jersey right now and post potential redone  it will be located in a jurisdiction which is not Russia. So there should be no issue with paying dividends either out of Jersey or out of the new jurisdiction.Can you please remind us who you sell your gold to  split by geography and how this changed over the past year?Well  we used to – the last year  we sold most of our gold through Russian banks to London. And in Kazakhstan  we sold our gold to the National Bank of Kazakhstan. Presently  we continue to sell our gold in Kazakhstan to the National Bank of Kazakhstan and our Russian gold is sold to a variety of buyers in Asia  several countries  I'd prefer not to split out the geographies because it's now a pretty competitive market and being able to sell to several jurisdictions is important to ensure the robustness of the sales channels.What is the implication of the transfer to non-western equipment on CapEx and OpEx?I think it's a very good question. I think in terms of CapEx  we may expect a slight decline. But in terms of OpEx on the mining side  particularly on the underground mining side  we expect increase in OpEx because the Chinese equipment is less productive and has lower availability  so we can expect more units needed to be used for the same volumes and more expenditures on maintenance. We are trying to proactively address this challenge. For example  at Mayskoye  we have commissioned the conveyor transportation system for moving material underground. We are studying similar options at a couple of our other underground operations. But in general  yes  this is the source of some cost pressures in our underground mines.A couple of questions on Kazakhstan. We keep our production forecast for Kazakhstan at 500 000 ounces for the next two years. None of the minor lost time incidents in the third quarter happened in Kazakhstan. And no Kazakh shareholders exchanged the blockshares recently because Kazakh shareholders that I know of  they all held their shares either in London or through our listing at the Astana Stock Exchange. So they were not really subject to restrictions related to NSD.Have you completely ceased Russian mine gold sales locally?The main reason is the discount to global prices. We currently do not sell any gold within Russia. The main reason is our desire to ensure full sanctions compliance because the majority of the Russian banking system is under some type of international sanctions. We want to be 100% sure that we don't come into commercial relationships with sanctioned Russian banks  even if it's through an intermediary.In terms of the speed with which we are closing our gap between sales and production. Yes  we actually started to do this a bit later than we expected at the end of the second quarter. So only in the second half of September  we really started to move gold in big volumes. But right now there is no issue to sell gold or silver bullion either in Russia or in Kazakhstan.Do Kazakh authorities have any issues against processing Kyzyl concentrate in Amursk because of the sanctions? What is the ratio now between the amounts of Kyzyl concentrates sent to China and to POX?The ratio is approximately 60% goes to POX and 40% goes to China. This is gold contained  not physical tonnage of concentrate. And no  there are no issues in terms of processing Kyzyl concentrate in – at POX. Gold in Kyzyl concentrate is Kazakhstan gold  and it is not subject to international sanctions.In what order of priority is net debt reduction?Well  I think we want to decrease our net debt enough to be able to resume dividends. This is the key priority. So obviously  we don't want to pay dividends while having a debt level which is either unsustainable or dangerous. And I think the key metric to consider is net debt over adjusted EBITDA. I think 2x would be the level which we need to pass moving down in order to seriously consider paying dividends.Do you see growth potential in near future?No. I don't see growth potential in near future. The growth potential is substantial only over the time frame of  let's say  five years with the startup of Veduga.Any outlook for inflation in Russia and Kazakhstan?Well  I think inflation in Russia has come down. I think it's now trending below 12%. Kazakhstan is a bit higher. In terms of outlook  I think a lot will depend on the moves by the Fed and other central banks. So I don't really have any outlook. We are tinseling in 10% for Russia and 12% for Kazakhstan in next year's budgets.Do you expect any promising junior exploration projects at the upcoming competition?Yes  we will have – we'll hold our fifth junior contest in a couple of months. We have received so far only a handful of applications. But I expect strong interest and I confirm that we continue to be interested in finding and funding the right type of exploration progress in both Russia and Kazakhstan.You say you aim to get to net debt over EBITDA 2x with the net debt at $2 billion. That is just the $1 billion EBITDA.I think  no. I think those broadly are kind of – these are broad estimates. And I definitely don't suggest a $1 billion EBITDA because this number depends hugely on gold price and a ruble-dollar exchange rate. I think $2 billion is something we definitely can explore it to short term  mostly on the heels of substantial sell-down of inventory and 2x is a longer-term metric that we will benchmark ourselves against in order to ensure that our dividend payment doesn't jeopardize the financial health of the company.Would dividend payments be made even the shares is held on the NSD could not receive them?That's a very good question. I would say that my gut feel is – the answer is yes. We hope to successfully complete the exchange – the recent share exchange of some of the shares through NSD. We'll do our best to continue the unlocking of NSD shares in the future. Obviously  even if some shareholders will continue to be stuck  we will not be able to continue to disenfranchise all of the shareholders from the ability to receive the dividend.Okay. I see no further questions in the webcast. Any questions from the line?OperatorAll right. We have Oliver from Berenberg again for the question. Just give me a moment. Please go ahead  sir. Your line is open.Oliver GrewcockThank you. Could you provide an update on what the latest is with the Tomtor rare earth deposit  please? Thank you.Vitaly NesisThe rare earth project is currently on complete hold. And we're not really spending anything on it  just maintaining a skeleton crew and actually for it some people – transferred some people to Polymetal. And honestly  I don't expect any change in this status quo for some time.Oliver GrewcockThank you.OperatorThank you  Mr. Oliver. [Operator Instructions] It appears there's no further questions at this time  sir. I would like to turn the conference back to you for any – all right  we have Joe as a Private Investor for the next question.Unidentified AnalystHello. I'd just like to ask – hello – in your Q2 results  you did say that you closed the gap between the production and sales by Q3 and this has now been moved back to the end of the year. I'm just trying to – I'm wondering  are you struggling to sell this gold at the current price? Are you considering cutting the price of the gold? Thank you.Vitaly NesisWell  I actually tried to answer this question. We have started the full-blown sales of gold bullion a bit later than we originally planned  hence  the move of the target date to sell all of the accumulated bullion. This is not related to pricing. This is related to the compliance considerations. Now we wanted to ensure that we sell gold in such a way that there is absolutely no sanctions compliance risk. And right now we are selling our gold and our silver more or less with no discount to gold prices. And we will not consider a price cut. We believe our current sales channels  multiple sales channels now provide us with ample opportunity to sell our product at full price.OperatorThank you.Vitaly NesisWell  thank you very much for active participation. Please feel free to send us further questions either to top management or to the Investor Relations team  and have a very nice day. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.09,0.31,True,English,"['Polymetal International plc', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'POYYF', 'new Kutyn Heap Leach Project', 'strong free cash flow generation', 'traditional quarterly production results call', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'traditional Q&A session', 'Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'unsold finished goods inventory', 'full year production gains', '2022 full year production results', 'seasonal cash inflows', 'full final understanding', 'Conference Call Participants', 'supply chain issues', 'other Asian countries', 'supply chain risks', 'brief introductory remarks', 'national securities depository', 'Answer Session Operator', 'formal initial guidance', 'significant metal stockpile', 'original production guidance', 'fourth quarter production', 'Polymetal International plc', 'other strategic initiatives', 'gold equivalent production', 'share exchange program', 'new Board members', 'Mitchell Advisory Company', 'share exchange offer', 'operational results', 'new mine', 'previous call', 'first production', 'stable production', 'share depository', 'corporate initiatives', 'Mitchell Martin', 'cost guidance', 'third quarter', 'significant decrease', 'Company Participants', '2 Board members', 'Vitaly Nesis', 'Oliver Grewcock', 'first half', 'Albazino hub', '1.7 million ounces', 'development projects', 'logistical hurdles', 'COVID restrictions', 'key challenge', 'net debt', 'peak number', '$2.7 billion mark', 'continued unwinding', 'best efforts', 'shareholder votes', 'second half', 'Lannett Lawson', 'Unidentified Analyst', 'partial mobilization', 'specific details', 'significant challenges', 'Bullion inventory', 'strategic options', 'first month', 'late January', 'corporate update', 'first question', 'material impact', 'next question', 'OTCPK', 'POYYF', 'Berenberg', 'Ladies', 'gentlemen', 'decline', 'function', 'Nezhda', 'upfront', 'ability', 'terms', 'POX-2', 'China', 'strategy', 'sources', 'materials', 'spares', 'dore', 'September', 'October', 'end', 'November', 'December', 'beginning', 'deleveraging', 'resumption', 'payments', 'years', 'management', 'shares', 'Russia', 'shareholders', 'search', 'analysis', 'jurisdiction', 'NSD', 'completion', 'market', 'time', 'questions', 'today', 'information']",2022-11-05,2022-11-06,seekingalpha.com
12754,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,China purchases of UST  direct and thru Euroclear  Belgium... https://t.co/mKfWSGe5sO,nan,China purchases of UST  direct and thru Euroclear  Belgium... https://t.co/mKfWSGe5sO,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['China purchases', 'thru Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'China purchases', 'thru Euroclear', 'Belgium']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
12755,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/szrtOvIobs,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/szrtOvIobs,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
12756,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@davidmwessel China is widely thought to have started using euroclear in Belgium as the custodian for a portion of… https://t.co/dgDIrb5mIE,nan,@davidmwessel China is widely thought to have started using euroclear in Belgium as the custodian for a portion of… https://t.co/dgDIrb5mIE,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['davidmwessel China', 'euroclear', 'Belgium', 'custodian', 'portion', 'davidmwessel China', 'euroclear', 'Belgium', 'custodian', 'portion']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
12757,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EnonymousAcc Belgium is China  so to speak -- SAFE has a big account at euroclear  and that is where the sales in 15-16 show,nan,@EnonymousAcc Belgium is China  so to speak -- SAFE has a big account at euroclear  and that is where the sales in 15-16 show,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,True,English,"['big account', '15-16 show', 'EnonymousAcc', 'Belgium', 'China', 'SAFE', 'euroclear', 'sales', 'big account', '15-16 show', 'EnonymousAcc', 'Belgium', 'China', 'SAFE', 'euroclear', 'sales']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
12758,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/UrvuWwCIe3,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/UrvuWwCIe3,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'UrvuWwCIe3', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'UrvuWwCIe3']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
12759,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4553817-hexagon-composites-asa-hxgcf-q3-2022-earnings-call-transcript,Hexagon Composites ASA (HXGCF) Q3 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Hexagon Composites ASA (OTCPK:HXGCF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 3  2022 3:30 AM ETCompany ParticipantsKaren Romer - SVP  CommunicationsJon Engeset - Group President &...,"Hexagon Composites ASA (OTCPK:HXGCF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 3  2022 3:30 AM ETCompany ParticipantsKaren Romer - SVP  CommunicationsJon Engeset - Group President & CEODavid Bandele - CFOConference Call ParticipantsHans-Erik Jacobsen - Nordea MarketsKaren RomerGood morning  and welcome to Hexagon Composites Q3 Results Presentation. Very happy to have you here. My name is Karen Romer  I'm the SVP of Communications for Hexagon. And joining me here in the auditorium in Oslo will be Jon Engeset  our CEO; and David Bandele  our CFO  who will be presenting the results to you in a few moments.I just want to point out that if you -- for our webcast audience  you are invited to submit questions throughout the presentation and then they will -- the questions will be taken at the end. And the same here  there will be a question-and-answer session for those in studio at the end of the presentation.So without any further ado  I'll turn over the stage to Jon Erik.Jon EngesetThank you  Karen  and good morning  everyone. Q3 was another quarter of strong growth for the Hexagon Group  42% year-over-year. However  it was also a quarter of continued challenges in our supply chain with high cost of production impacting our margins. We see particular growth momentum now in the infrastructure-related business with significant new orders for mobile pipeline  for renewable natural gas and hydrogen distribution systems and mobile refueling systems on the Hexagon Purus site . Also our smallest daughter  but very pretty and very smart  Hexagon Digital Wave  continues its strong growth in the quarter.Hexagon remains about driving energy transformation and year-to-date  we have enabled the avoidance of 935 000 metric tonnes of CO2 equivalents. Financially  if you look at Hexagon  excluding Purus  we had a top line of NOK 1.080 billion  delivering an EBITDA of NOK 68 million. So that's up from NOK 848 million revenue last year and NOK 110 million in EBITDA. So that shows the impact of the supply chain challenges that I mentioned.Hexagon Purus more than doubled its revenue from NOK 103 million last year to NOK 222 million  with an EBITDA of minus NOK 92 million  which is necessary to continue the scale-up of the organization and the ramp-up of the production system to meet the very strong growth expected in the near years.So on a consolidated basis  top line of NOK 1 243 000 000 billion  up from NOK 875 million last year and an EBITDA consolidated of minus NOK 24 million. So the -- as you understand  operating conditions remain challenging and continued very high cost of raw materials and components and  at least  energy.And on top of that  we experienced shortage delays that create considerable problems to run a smooth and lean operation. However  we are countering this with profitability measures  some of them implemented and take effect already from Q4. And we see the external side of this easing going into 2023. Some external reports indicate that the worst should behind us when we come into Q2 next year.And that's important because we are going to grow this business strongly in the years ahead  encouraged by manufacturers  not least by the very strong governmental support from most important countries and regions in the world  not least from the European Commission and from the U.S. government.In Europe  we  together with our friends in the European Biogas Association  we have formed what's called the Biomethane Industry Partnership with the European Commission. And the purpose of that is to establish the link between the REPowerEU program with its biomethane ambitions and the transportation sector. And also  we expect the commission early next year to propose the new heavy-duty emission regulations. And we are optimistic that  that regulation will focus on the well to wheel as opposed to the tailpipe emission. And that is very important because that will then favor RNG as the most environmentally friendly alternative fuel  short  medium and long-term.And then on the U.S. side  the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law on the 16th of August. Also very important  it will increase the incentives for RNG development. It will give more predictability and visibility and  at least  it will make RNG equally treated with other alternative fuels like batteries and hydrogen as examples.And that will further stimulate the development of RNG. There is already a very strong activity in the area  especially in the U.S. So the mid graph here shows the growth of RNG resources over the last few years. And you see that there are a number of new projects under construction or at the planning stage  which will further double the sector in the near term. And we see energy majors having entered this space in earnest. For example  the BP transaction acquisition of Archaea Energy recently at a value of USD 4.1 billion. So it's becoming a big business in the U.S. and Europe is about to follow suit.And that's very important for the transportation sector  obviously  because this energy will be made available not only to the transportation sector  but to the transportation sector as one of the hard to rebate industrial areas for decarbonization. Already in the U.S.  64% of natural gas for transportation is renewable and that has grown substantially over the last few years. And we expect that when we get the 2022 numbers  that percentage will have gone up even further.Another very  very important development for us is the launch of Cummins 15-liter engine. The largest engine on the market today is the 12-liter engine  which is sufficient for medium long haul. But when you want to haul  for example  across the Rocky Mountains  that engine is simply not strong enough. That means that it's only 1/3 of the U.S. truck market  which has been addressable so far.But with the 15-liter launch  for all practical purposes  the whole heavy-duty truck market is -- or will become addressable  representing more than 300 000 trucks per year on average. And this engine is the first  which is specifically made for natural gas and has superior fuel economy and efficiency. So this is a real game changer.That said  we don't expect the whole market to adopt renewable natural gas  but we do expect a significant share  up from around 2% today to -- in our estimates  10% to 15%. You will see that external analysts and some of our industry peers  they actually assume higher level. That's why we've included the high . But we think it's prudent to assume that the industry will need some years in order to fully get prepared for this transition and to build out the supply chain.But the infrastructure is already there. The technology is there. So this is not technology for the future. This is already a technology used  to a major extent  by leading transportation firms. So this is why we have indicated a doubling of revenue in the next 3 years in this business.And we are very well-positioned to play a core role in this transition to RNG. First  on the mobile pipeline side  where we enable the transportation from stranded sources  very often in agricultural areas  removed from the fixed pipeline grids. Or as mobile refueling modules where we can supply directly to the fleets and then systems and technology to the fleets themselves. So excellent growth prospects for agility in the coming years.Moving to our other businesses. Hexagon Digital Wave  acquired late 2018  had the revenue of $2 million to $3 million. We have invested in the organization and fully commercialized the technology now and we are at the early stage of strong growth in this business. It is complementary to the hardware business that we run through Hexagon Agility and Hexagon peers  enabling the customers to extend the life of the systems  improved safety  but also a lot of information that they currently cannot collect. And in sum  this will drive down the total cost of ownership for the fleets. So this is a differentiator and a business  which will be a core part or our development of our offering in the coming years.Also for Hexagon Ragasco's growth  smart cylinders is very  very court. So we've talked about the development project. Now this project is ready for field testing  which will happen in 2023. And then we expect to launch it commercially latest in 2024.Some good end user features  but more importantly  this will help the distribution companies to make their operations more efficient. And that  we think  will allow us to penetrate markets where we today are the niche player in a more comprehensive way.And last but not least  Hexagon Purus  really on track to deliver on its very ambitious growth plans. So far this year  LTM revenues of NOK 850 million  a strong order book for next year  good line of sight for the following years. So we are on track to deliver NOK 4 billion to NOK 5 billion in this business in 2025 when we expect to be the year where we turn the corner from EBITDA negativity to starting delivering EBITDA in the whole business. Already in the distribution part of the business  we are now EBITDA-positive.So with that  I invite David to talk more about the financials and the outlook.David BandeleThank you  Jon Erik. Beautiful autumnal colors there. So let's go straight into the highlights. Q3 2022. It's very much the same theme as the first half of the year  very strong top line performance  while Jon Erik covered the supply chain disruption and input price inflation continue to weigh on margins  particularly in the Hexagon Agility segment.And leading off with Hexagon Agility  a very strong NOK 930 million in revenue for 25% revenue growth overall. In the heavy and medium-duty sector  that's where you have the low margins  and that's due to the fact that price rises due in 2023 are lagging the severe input cost increases. However  happy to see that there are higher margins now being achieved in mobile pipeline as higher prices now start kicking in for the second half of the year.Hexagon Ragasco posted NOK 119 million in revenue for 38% revenue growth  so very good performance there. And of course  Ragasco even since 1st of April  have managed to contain the material price inflation with higher sales prices to customers very successfully. We still have high energy costs  though  particularly here in Norway  and they continue to temporarily ray down on margins.For Digital Wave  as Jon Erik mentioned  fantastic momentum continues  NOK 30 million in revenues for 58% revenue growth  this time driven mostly by the module acoustic technology services revenue streams and also with those volumes  a positive EBITDA.And for Purus  our publicly listed subsidiary. As Jon Engeset covered doubling revenue with 2022 guidance on track. And our ownership piece  remember is currently valued at NOK 3.9 billion. So on the revenue for Hexagon  excluding Purus  that was NOK 1 080 million versus NOK 848 million same period last year.And if we look at the EBITDA  you can see that from last year  we delivered 13% margin. And this year  it's 6%. So 7 percentage points down year-over-year. And the main factors are: one  we don't have the same productivity through our factories  particularly in the U.S. with these disruptions; two  there's actually some negative mix year-over-year. We've done a higher proportion of medium-duty trucks where we have less content than the heavy duty. So you can read that as less margins. But the big one is the input cost price inflation  which currently is not covered by the sales prices.And when you look at that bar to the right  what we've tried to do is keep the mix of sales that we achieved in Q3 '22  but attached the price increases that have been agreed with customers that kick in  in 2023. And when we adjust for that  we can see that there is a significant increase in margins of 4 percentage points.And digging further into Agility we see that 25% revenue growth year-over-year to NOK 930 million. Again  strong medium- and heavy-duty truck markets and also mobile pipeline. And then the EBITDA  you can see the spread between this year and last year  5 percentage margin points versus the 13  has also widened as the issues are contained mainly to Agility.And that margin pressure  just to dig a little bit deeper into it is elevated carbon fiber prices. So while some components prices might be leveling off  of course  prices to us are still stable  but carbon fiber has increased and will continue to increase also in Q4.We talked about the industry-wide disruptions and suboptimal efficiency. But also  let's not forget that the light-duty vehicle volumes are still very low and negative year-over-year given the situation with Volkswagen there.So when we look at the revenue strip -- revenue split  sorry  40%  so very strong truck. That's the theme for the whole of the year. But happy to see transit bus increase to 17% of share and also refuse truck  healthy and increasing to 13% of the share  whereas mobile pipeline continues to be very strong at 22%. The rest of the 7% is actually mainly cylinder sales to Hexagon Purus. We saw that marvelous growth there  particularly in the distribution modules and Agility currently contract manufacturers cylinders for Purus there  and that's the majority of the 7%.So what we try to show is that we have very diversified revenue streams within Hexagon Agility supporting the critical infrastructure and also decarbonization targets of municipalities and commercial fleets in North America and Europe.So Ragasco  Q3 is a seasonally low quarter for volumes. We come off the heavy push for the summer season in the first half of the year for barbecue and leisure activities. We also have manufacturing shutdowns  so a significant manufacturing shutdown in the summer period  but very pleased with the growth there year-over-year of NOK 119 million versus NOK 86 million in revenues. And Ragasco continues to really develop more and more markets. They started small but they grow over time. And we had additional sales into Middle East and African markets  in particular  adding to the volume growth. And I think Ragasco are now at over 100 countries sold. So great stuff there.Positive margin development year-over-year is good to see. So recording a 7% margin versus the 5% same quarter last year. So we've got better scale from the volumes  while  again  the prices offset the material cost increases. The delta that we're absorbing on energy cost for the quarter  higher energy cost is around about NOK 4 million year-over-year.So Ragasco continues to be a very resilient business with multiple introductory and repeat emerging market orders  in addition to their core customer base. For Digital Wave  momentum continues. So highest quarter of the year  NOK 30 million versus the NOK 19 million  same period last year for 58% and profitable revenue growth as we see a slight positive EBITDA margin as well. It's been a healthy mix of product and business services products in the ultrasonic examination. These are machines that our large customers using their factories usually to test metal-based cylinders.And on the services side  we see this increasingly adoption of inspection and requalification activities. In culminating also just recently  Hexagon Digital Wave announced a $2 million order with a long-term key customer in the mobile pipeline applications.So as we go into the group  we have covered the left-hand side  the Hexagon  excluding Purus results. Purus recorded NOK 222 million in revenues and minus NOK 92 million and a cost of growth and EBITDA. And of course  as Jon Erik has pointed out  when you screen as at group level  you will see then a slight negative EBITDA with Purus dilution over the composite cash-generating businesses.But as we summarize Q3  we have strong demand  Hexagon Agility  seasonally low volumes for Hexagon Ragasco but with profitable growth  strong momentum for Hexagon Digital Wave and Purus remains on track for its growth targets.Balance sheet. Not a lot happened except currency movements. They've been quite severe quarter-over-quarter so versus last quarter. So most of that rise in the assets and liabilities to do with the relative weighting of NOK versus U.S. dollar. So U.S. dollar is appreciated. But otherwise  we closed the group with NOK 700 million in cash on the balance sheet and equity ratio of 46%.And when we look at our leverage  this looks at the Hexagon  excluding Purus  on the bottom. Recall in Q1  we had a large participation in Purus capital raise  which temporarily then lifted leverage  but we have stabilized that leverage over these quarters. And as we end Q3 2022  we have committed financing facilities over NOK 2 billion and available liquidity then of NOK 600 million going into the next quarter.And on the full year guidance  should be no surprises here. We did have a trading update on 14th October  and what that update covered is  first and foremost  the reason for it  you can say that profitability forecasting at the moment is extremely challenging because of this disruptive and inflationary environment. So trying to predict how our costs move through the P&L from inventory is very challenging in this environment.Saying that  we don't see any issues on our revenue. So those -- there was no re-guidance on revenues. However  on the EBITDA  we reguided to NOK 325 million approximately. Again  it's challenging to give an exact figure  but that's a midpoint of a range of  we would say  plus or minus  5%.And some of the factors that affect getting a more positive result will be those profitability initiatives and how good they can be or what sort of return we can get in Q4. And at the same time  we can hope for some easing of the supply chains  but there can also be surprises. So we continue to manage that situation very tightly.And on that note  I'll give it back to Jon Erik.Jon EngesetThank you  David. So in summary then  healthy demand  very strong growth  continued challenging operating conditions impacting our profitability  unfortunately  but strong long-term drivers in the form of government commitments  regulatory support  primarily for us in the U.S. and in Europe  but also in other regions. So we remain confident in our 2025 revenue targets of NOK 6 billion for the Hexagon business excluding Purus  and the Purus business at NOK 4 billion to NOK 5 billion as we have communicated in the several previous quarters.So with that  I think we are open for some questions.Karen RomerSo we have a few questions that come in from the webcast. But is there anybody. Yes  we have 1 here in the audience. Elena will bring you a microphone.Question-and-Answer SessionQ - Hans-Erik JacobsenHans-Erik Jacobsen  Nordea. On the ongoing logistical issues  are you in any way able to offset that in any way  anything you can do in order to improve the situation or is it entirely up to your sub-suppliers?Jon EngesetThere are always things we can do  and we certainly work on that and developing new suppliers. Of course  that takes a bit of time. But I think what has surprised us and I think a lot of other industry players  it's not only the main categories. It's little nuts and bolts  components  replacement from machinery  small components in our systems that have been considered marginal.But of course  enough to cause delays in deliveries  et cetera. So I think we and most other industry -- companies will need to rethink the whole supply chain  become less dependent on deliveries from far away suppliers  potentially buffering more safety inventories  that sort of thing. And we are in the midst of all of that  but we keep getting new surprises. So as David pointed out  it is a bit unpredictable  unfortunately.Karen RomerDo we have any other questions here in the audience? So I'll take a webcast question. ""David  do you see any upside potential for 2022?""David BandeleAs I mentioned  I think the key one -- I mean one is we can control  you can say  are the profitability initiatives. So there is upside potential there.Karen RomerOkay. Jon Erik  ""How elastic is the demand for your overall portfolio in a recession scenario?""Jon EngesetSo the scenario which we are potentially facing now is  of course  to a major extent  driven by the energy crisis in Europe and that actually will stimulate demand for our solutions. So that part  I think  is elastic for us  but in a positive way. Then  on the other hand  with very high energy prices  we should expect the transit bus demand in Europe to suffer. And also  we've seen in previous recessions that the overall truck demand is among the markets that indicate a downturn early  and we should also be prepared for that in our business.Karen RomerOkay. On the mobile pipeline front  Jon Erik  ""You just announced an order for mobile pipeline. What do you see is the overall potential for Mobile Pipeline in Europe?""Jon EngesetSo 5  6 years ago  we had steady sales of mobile pipelines in euros -- Europe. We call it the X-STORE  it's the brand of the module that we sell here. In recent years  we've had very  very little sales. Now we have inquiries every day. We have then a challenge because we are maxed out capacity-wise. So we're now considering various ways of ramping up the systems assembly capacity soon enough in order to service this market.So with a bit of time  we will  of course  solve it  but we are looking for solutions to be able to deliver to our customers also in the short term. And we see the same on the hydrogen side. We are sold out for hydrogen distribution modules for the full year of 2023 and that is coming out of the facility that we acquired in Germany  the Wystrach acquisition that we made around a year ago in that part of our business.Karen RomerOkay. Moving on to Hexagon Purus. ""Do you plan to reduce your stake in Hexagon Purus? And if yes  do you plan to stay above 50% in the long run? Or could you go lower?""Jon EngesetSo I think we've been consistent on this particular question since we launched Purus on -- Euronext -- EuroGrowth in December 2020 that we see our ownership being diluted over time. And also  we want to retain a significant stake in the company  but not necessarily a majority. And obviously  we see some advantages of being able to deconsolidate Purus from the profitable sections of our portfolio because it's a complicated message to explain that we have these 3 business areas that are profit-making. And then we have Hexagon Purus  which is at an earlier stage of maturity. But we want to do it in the most value-creative way and make sure that Purus is set up for success as we then probably will reduce our relative ownership over time.Karen RomerOkay. How are we doing on questions in this audience? Okay. I think this is for you  David. ""Good morning. Measured on a 9-month results  on 9-month results  your gross margin is 7% points lower in 2022 versus '21. How big are the price increases you have implemented? For example  will they make the gross margin improve 7% points in second half 2023?""David BandeleYes. I think I'm trying to explain that it's not just the material cost impact to margins  and we looked at the EBITDA margin effect earlier. Looking at Q3 in isolation  that clearly shows that we can return to reasonable double-digit margins with the price increases. But then what about the productivity? And that's something that we've suffered year-over-year as a secondary effect of these disruptions. So yes  we will be looking at getting back to normalize the margins as we get through this quite exceptional period.Karen RomerOkay. Looking a little farther ahead. ""In light of your claims of high growth in 2024 and your revenue target of NOK 5 billion to NOK 6 billion in '25 billion. What is the associated EBITDA to that revenue target?""David BandeleWe haven't guided on EBITDA for the 5-year picture even from the start. And of course  in this environment  it's difficult enough guiding for EBITDA as you've seen just for full year '22.Karen RomerAnd the continuation of that...David BandeleBut I will say that  at the same time  we started that guidance  which was January 2021 at the Capital Markets Day  we hold by it. We also said there are 3 basic financial requirements in Hexagon  excluding Purus  one is 15% growth annualized that will achieve that doubling of revenues. The other one is that we're still holding to chasing 15% EBITDA margin. We're still behind on that  but we closed 2021 at 12%. And we expect then with this 15-liter engine  you will see the volume inflection  particularly from 2024. And then the third financial item was the steady state  3x leverage  which  of course  will come easily as profits increase with those volumes.Karen RomerOkay. And continuing related to that  ""Where do you see the growth coming from?"" Yes.David BandeleThat 15-liter engine is a key one. So obviously  today  the automotive business is -- in total is about 60% of our revenues. And when you think that the addressable market is going to triple from that point in time  it's kind of gets me happy. So yes  go ahead  Jon Erik.Jon EngesetNo  I just want to say  but in addition to that  we also now see much stronger growth potential for distribution and infrastructure-related solutions as a consequence of the energy situation in Europe and elsewhere in the world. So that is on top of the expected growth in the trucking volumes.Karen RomerAnother question  I think  for you  David  ""Could you elaborate a little on the positive EBITDA effect from corporate eliminations?""David BandeleThat's technical  so I can take that offline  but it's  of course  when the results get worse  the LTIPs are accounted for in Central. So there are associated credits against that with the worst performance. But also  Jon Erik alluded to mobile pipeline that generates a royalty back to the center. And of course  sales have been very large there and of course  more credits in the corporate functions. But I can go into more detail later.Karen RomerAnd then we also have a question referring to your chart on RNG infrastructure and what you provide there  how much of that infrastructure is common to hydrogen and will be used if and when green hydrogen is available  and then has a PS. Can the 15-liter Cummins engine also be used for hydrogen combustion engine?Jon EngesetGood questions. So to take the last question first. So Cummins has actually prepared the same block and essentially the same engine for hydrogen combustion purpose. So it will be interesting to see if that demand will develop. And to the first question. So in principle  the hydrogen distribution modules are mobile pipeline modules for hydrogen. So it's the same concept.You stack cylinders  high-pressure cylinders inside a container. You add to that all the piping and the valves and the steering systems and you have a very  very efficient solution for transportation of gas under pressure from the source to the users.The demand is a little bit different on the 2 sides for RNG. It is from stranded resources to often  the grid  while for now in most areas  there is no grid for hydrogen. So on the hydrogen side  it is for now the solution to transport from production. For example  at the windmill farm to the users.Karen RomerVery good. I do not have any further questions from the web audience. Is there anything in the room? No. But then I think we have concluded the results presentation for Q3. Thank you very much.Jon EngesetThank you.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.03,0.49,True,English,"['Hexagon Composites ASA', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'environmentally friendly alternative fuel', 'Hexagon Composites Q3 Results Presentation', 'Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'new heavy-duty emission regulations', 'Conference Call Participants', 'other alternative fuels', 'Hexagon Composites ASA', 'significant new orders', 'renewable natural gas', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'BP transaction acquisition', 'mobile refueling systems', 'Hexagon Digital Wave', 'European Biogas Association', 'strong governmental support', 'particular growth momentum', 'hydrogen distribution systems', 'U.S. government', 'supply chain challenges', 'U.S. side', 'Hexagon Purus site', 'NOK 848 million revenue', 'tailpipe emission', 'new projects', 'Company Participants', 'continued challenges', 'mobile pipeline', 'external side', 'Hexagon Group', 'strong growth', 'strong activity', 'Jon Engeset', 'Group President', 'David Bandele', 'Hans-Erik Jacobsen', 'Nordea Markets', 'webcast audience', 'answer session', 'Jon Erik', 'good morning', 'high cost', 'smallest daughter', '935,000 metric tonnes', 'CO2 equivalents', 'consolidated basis', 'operating conditions', 'raw materials', 'shortage delays', 'considerable problems', 'lean operation', 'profitability measures', 'external reports', 'important countries', 'European Commission', 'REPowerEU program', 'biomethane ambitions', 'mid graph', 'near term', 'Karen Romer', 'infrastructure-related business', 'top line', 'transportation sector', 'big business', 'energy transformation', 'energy majors', 'Archaea Energy', 'production system', 'planning stage', 'RNG resources', 'near years', 'RNG development', 'minus NOK', 'HXGCF', 'SVP', 'Communications', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'name', 'auditorium', 'Oslo', 'moments', 'questions', 'studio', 'ado', 'everyone', 'quarter', 'margins', 'avoidance', 'EBITDA', 'impact', 'scale-up', 'organization', 'ramp-up', 'components', 'smooth', 'effect', 'Q4.', 'easing', 'Q2', 'manufacturers', 'regions', 'world', 'friends', 'purpose', 'link', 'well', 'medium', 'long-term', 'law', '16th', 'August', 'incentives', 'predictability', 'visibility', 'batteries', 'examples', 'area', 'last', 'number', 'construction', 'space', 'earnest', 'value', 'suit']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,seekingalpha.com
12760,EuroNext,Bing API,https://europe.autonews.com/automakers/renault-eyes-10-billion-valuation-ev-business-source-says,Renault eyes $10 billion valuation for EV business  source says,The automaker is currently worth 9 billion euros and it may be tricky for it to obtain a valuation for its EV arm that's higher than its own market capitalization.,"Renault is aiming for a roughly 10 billion euro ($10 billion) valuation for the electric-vehicle business the French automaker is carving out as a stand-alone entity  according to a person familiar with the matter.The company is preparing the EV and software entity for a potential initial public offering on the Euronext Paris exchange sometime next year  said the person  who asked not to be identified because the information is private and plans could still change.The carveout of the entity  dubbed Ampere  is part of an overhaul that CEO Luca de Meo will present to investors next week. The split of the EV business from Renault's traditional combustion-engine operations comes as the maker of the Zoe and Clio seeks to navigate a difficult transition to EVs as a possible recession looms in Europe.Renault will brief investors about its revamp plans  which are still being finalized  during a capital markets day on Nov. 8.A spokesperson declined to comment.Ampere's carveout has been at the heart of talks between Renault and Japanese partner Nissan as the two companies seek to reshape a two-decade-old alliance.Nissan may invest $500 million to $750 million for a stake of about 15 percent in Ampere but the agreement hinges on a wider deal that would see Renault lower its own 43 percent stake in Nissan to about 15 percent over time to rebalance the alliance  people familiar with the situation have said.Higher value?The talks are ongoing and valuation of Ampere has been among sticking points in the Nissan discussions  which have also hit snags over intellectual property concerns. Renault is currently worth 9 billion euros and it may be tricky for the automaker to obtain a valuation for Ampere that's higher than its own market capitalization.The IPO would be subject to market conditions  the person familiar with the situation said. Recent turbulence in share prices has put a damper on new offerings.De Meo also will be giving details next week on Renault's legacy combustion-engine business  dubbed Horse  which also is being carved out. Renault may announce a deal with China's Zheijiang Geely Holding for 50-50 ownership of Horse until other investors make further investments  two people familiar with the talks said.Ampere will be based in France and employ about 10 000 people. The Horse entity with Geely would be based outside of France and also have a staff of about 10 000.The French government  which owns 15 percent of Renault  has been briefed in detail about the plans  one person said.The separation of the two businesses is likely to lead to ""a better capital allocation and eventually to improved shareholder returns "" Stifel analyst Pierre-Yves Quemener wrote in a note this month.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['$10 billion valuation', 'EV business', 'Renault', 'source', 'potential initial public offering', 'Stifel analyst Pierre-Yves Quemener', 'CEO Luca de Meo', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'traditional combustion-engine operations', 'intellectual property concerns', 'capital markets day', 'legacy combustion-engine business', 'The Horse entity', 'capital allocation', 'electric-vehicle business', '10 billion euro', 'stand-alone entity', 'software entity', 'difficult transition', 'possible recession', 'Japanese partner', 'two companies', 'Higher value', '9 billion euros', 'market capitalization', 'market conditions', 'Recent turbulence', 'share prices', 'new offerings', '50-50 ownership', 'French government', 'two businesses', 'shareholder returns', 'EV business', 'French automaker', 'two-decade-old alliance', 'wider deal', 'Zheijiang Geely', 'revamp plans', 'other investors', 'two people', 'Nissan discussions', 'one person', '43 percent stake', '10,000 people', '15 percent', 'Renault', 'valuation', 'matter', 'company', 'information', 'carveout', 'Ampere', 'overhaul', 'split', 'Zoe', 'Clio', 'EVs', 'Europe', 'Nov.', 'spokesperson', 'heart', 'talks', 'agreement', 'time', 'situation', 'points', 'snags', 'IPO', 'damper', 'details', 'China', 'investments', 'France', 'staff', 'separation', 'note']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,europe.autonews.com
12761,EuroNext,Bing API,https://auto.hindustantimes.com/auto/news/renault-to-aim-for-10-billion-valuation-for-its-ev-business-41667651258432.html,Renault aims for $10 billion valuation for its EV business,Renault is preparing an EV entity for a potential initial public offering sometime next year. Renault SA is aiming for a roughly €10 billion ($10 billion) valuation for the electric-vehicle business the French carmaker is carving out as a standalone entity ,"Renault SA is aiming for a roughly €10 billion ($10 billion) valuation for the electric-vehicle business the French carmaker is carving out as a standalone entity  according to a person familiar with the matter.The company is preparing the EV and software entity for a potential initial public offering on the Euronext Paris exchange sometime next year  said the person  who asked not to be identified because the information is private and plans could still change.The carveout of the entity  dubbed Ampere  is part of an overhaul that Chief Executive Officer Luca de Meo will present to investors next week. The split of the EV business from Renault’s traditional combustion-engine operations comes as the maker of Zoe and Clio cars seeks to navigate a difficult transition to electric vehicles as a possible recession looms in Europe. Renault will brief investors about its revamp plans  which are still being finalized  during a capital markets day on Nov. 8. A spokesperson declined to comment.Also Read : Renault bets big on electrified cars  aims 40% sales contribution. Details here )Ampere’s carveout has been at the heart of talks between Renault and Japanese partner Nissan Motor Co. as the two companies seek to reshape a two-decade-old alliance. Nissan may invest $500 million to $750 million for a stake of about 15% in Ampere but the agreement hinges on a wider deal that would see Renault lower its own 43% stake in Nissan to about 15% over time to rebalance the alliance  people familiar with the situation have said.Higher Value?The talks are ongoing and valuation of Ampere has been among sticking points in the Nissan discussions  which have also hit snags over intellectual property concerns. Renault is currently worth 9 billion euros and it may be tricky for the carmaker to obtain a valuation for Ampere that’s higher than its own market capitalization.The IPO would be subject to market conditions  the person familiar with the situation said. Recent turbulence in share prices has put a damper on new offerings.Also Read : Reanult aims to restructure its alliance with Nissan. What does it mean )De Meo also will be giving details next week on Renault’s legacy combustion-engine business  dubbed Horse  which also is being carved out. Renault may announce a deal with China’s Zheijiang Geely Holding Group for 50%-50% ownership of Horse until other investors make further investments  two people familiar with the talks said.Ampere will be based in France and employ about 10 000 people. The Horse entity with Geely would be based outside of France and also have a staff of about 10 000. The French government  which owns 15% of Renault  has been briefed in detail about the plans  one person said.The separation of the two businesses is likely to lead to “a better capital allocation and eventually to improved shareholder returns "" Stifel analyst Pierre-Yves Quemener wrote in a note this month.First Published Date:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.09,0.82,True,English,"['$10 billion valuation', 'EV business', 'Renault', 'Chief Executive Officer Luca de Meo', 'potential initial public offering', 'Stifel analyst Pierre-Yves Quemener', 'Zheijiang Geely Holding Group', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'traditional combustion-engine operations', 'possible recession looms', 'intellectual property concerns', 'capital markets day', 'legacy combustion-engine business', 'Nissan Motor Co', 'The Horse entity', 'capital allocation', 'electric-vehicle business', 'standalone entity', 'software entity', 'Clio cars', 'difficult transition', 'electric vehicles', 'electrified cars', '40% sales contribution', 'Japanese partner', 'two companies', 'Higher Value', 'market capitalization', 'market conditions', 'Recent turbulence', 'share prices', 'new offerings', 'French government', 'two businesses', 'shareholder returns', 'Published Date', 'EV business', 'Nissan discussions', 'French carmaker', 'wider deal', '9 billion euros', 'revamp plans', 'two-decade-old alliance', 'other investors', 'two people', 'one person', 'Renault SA', '10,000 people', 'valuation', 'matter', 'company', 'information', 'carveout', 'Ampere', 'overhaul', 'split', 'Zoe', 'Europe', 'Nov.', 'spokesperson', 'Details', 'heart', 'talks', 'stake', 'agreement', 'time', 'situation', 'points', 'snags', 'IPO', 'damper', 'Reanult', 'China', '50%-50% ownership', 'investments', 'France', 'staff', 'separation', 'note']",2022-11-05,2022-11-06,auto.hindustantimes.com
12762,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are delighted to announce that Niall Jones from @euronext_ie joins this year's Guaranteed Irish Business Alumni… https://t.co/cBPrzaMs2S,nan,We are delighted to announce that Niall Jones from @euronext_ie joins this year's Guaranteed Irish Business Alumni… https://t.co/cBPrzaMs2S,positive,0.5,0.49,0.01,positive,0.5,0.49,0.01,True,English,"['Guaranteed Irish Business Alumni', 'Niall Jones', 'cBPrzaMs2S', 'Guaranteed Irish Business Alumni', 'Niall Jones', 'cBPrzaMs2S']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
12763,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,.@elonmusk might be cool to have indices involved at Twitter.NasdaqDow Jones EuronextGoldBitcoin indexEtc...,nan,.@elonmusk might be cool to have indices involved at Twitter.NasdaqDow Jones EuronextGoldBitcoin indexEtc...,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Gold Bitcoin index', 'Dow Jones', 'elonmusk', 'indices', 'Twitter', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext Gold Bitcoin index', 'Dow Jones', 'elonmusk', 'indices', 'Twitter', 'Nasdaq']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
12764,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Crypto Blockchain lists on Euronext Growth Parishttps://t.co/9xVNbIMULM#Cryptocurrency #CryptocurrencyList… https://t.co/xS06IKjMM0,nan,#Crypto Blockchain lists on Euronext Growth Parishttps://t.co/9xVNbIMULM#Cryptocurrency #CryptocurrencyList… https://t.co/xS06IKjMM0,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris', 'Cryptocurrency', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Cryptocurrency']",2022-11-06,2022-11-06,Unknown
