UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49814,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053027/0/en/INVITATION-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING.html,INVITATION TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,Aspo PlcStock Exchange ReleaseApril 1  2025 at 10:00 am  INVITATION TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  The shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend...,Aspo PlcStock Exchange ReleaseApril 1  2025 at 10:00 amINVITATION TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  April 25  2025  at 10.00 a.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  Karamzininranta 4  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this invitation under section C.The Annual General Meeting can be followed via a webcast on the website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise address the meeting  or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholder rights.a. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adopting the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Consolidated Financial Statements  the Annual Report and the Auditor’s report for the year 2024CEO’s reviewThe financial statements  annual report (including the sustainability report)  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on the sustainability report are available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendOn December 31  2024  the distributable funds of the parent company were EUR 40 996 272.18  with the profit for the financial year totaling to EUR 18 123 440.79.The Board of Directors proposes that a total of EUR 0.19 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2024 financial year and that no dividend be paid for treasury shares held by Aspo Plc. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment of EUR 0.09 per share is proposed to be paid to shareholders who are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the first dividend instalment  April 29  2025. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment be May 7  2025.The second dividend instalment of EUR 0.10 per share is proposed to be paid to shareholders who are registered in the Company's shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the second dividend instalment  October 30  2025. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment be November 6  2025.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and payment date for the second dividend instalment  should the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or statutes applicable to the Finnish book-entry system be amended or other rules binding on the Company so require.9. Resolution on the discharge of liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO for the financial year January 1  2024 – December 31  202410. Consideration of the Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Remuneration Report. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Report is available on theCompany’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and committeesThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the Board members remain unchanged and would be as follows:• Members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 per month• Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors: EUR 4 400 per month• Chairman of the Board of Directors: EUR 6 000 per monthThe Shareholders' Nomination Board further proposes that the meeting fees paid to members of the committees and chairs of the committees remain unchanged and would be as follows:a meeting fee of EUR 800 per meeting to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 per meeting to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the fee paid to the chair of the committee is proposed to be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors will have seven (7) members.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that current members of the Company’s Board of Directors  Patricia Allam  Annika Ekman  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Kaarina Ståhlberg  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2026 Annual General Meeting. Further information on the proposed members of the Board of Directors is available on Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.All proposed members of the Board of Directors are independent from the Company and its significant shareholders  excluding Patricia Allam and Tatu Vehmas  who are considered to be dependent on the significant shareholders of the Company.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the Company that if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board has estimated that in addition to the qualifications of the individual candidates for the Board of Directors  the proposed Board of Directors as a whole provides excellent competence and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements set for a listed company by the Corporate Governance Code.14. Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that remuneration be paid to the auditor according to an invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that Deloitte Oy be elected as the Company’s auditor until the following Annual General Meeting. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  would act as the auditor in charge.16. Resolution on the Remuneration of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that remuneration be paid to the sustainability reporting assurance provider according to an invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that Deloitte Oy be elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider until the following Annual General Meeting. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA and Authorised Sustainability Auditor  would act as the responsible sustainability reporting assurance provider.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the Company representing about 1.6% of all the shares in the Company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge.The shares may be repurchased at a price formed in trading on regulated market on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). In connection with the acquisition of the treasury shares  derivative  share lending  or other agreements that are normal within the framework of capital markets may take place in accordance with legislative and regulatory requirements.The authorization includes the Board’s right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the Company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Finnish Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for the financing or execution of possible corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership programs or for other purposes determined by the Board.The decision to acquire or redeem treasury shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all the shares in the Company. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual General Meeting in 2026  however no more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the acquisition of treasury shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several instalments  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 2 500 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is proposed to be used for the financing or execution of possible corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership programs or for other purposes determined by the Board.The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all the terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to convey shares otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the Company to do so. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual General Meeting in 2026  however no more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual General Meeting.Treasury shares may be transferred either against or without payment. Under the Finnish Companies Act  a directed share issue may only be carried out without payment  if there is an especially compelling financial reason for the same  both for the Company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the Company.20. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue for consideration  or on a share issue without consideration through one or several instalments. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription is a maximum of 2 500 000 in total. The authorization is proposed to be used for the financing or execution of possible corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership programs or for other purposes determined by the Board.The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The authorization is proposed to also include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The decision on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all the shares in the Company.The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual General Meeting in 2026  however no more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual General Meeting.21. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on charitable contributionsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on contributions in the total maximum amount of EUR 100 000 for charitable or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the contributions. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual General Meeting in 2026.22. Closing of the MeetingB. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING DOCUMENTSThe aforementioned resolution proposals on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this invitation to the meeting are available on Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting no later than April 1  2025. The Company’s financial statements  annual report (including the sustainability report)  auditor’s report  and assurance report on the sustainability report for the financial year 2024 and the remuneration report are available on the aforementioned website. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above are also available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website no later than May 9  2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS TO THE MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 11  2025  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. The possibility of using a proxy representative is described below.Registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on April 2  2025  at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the meeting and  if applicable  vote in advance no later than by April 17  2025  at 4.00 p.m. by which time the registration and possible advance votes must be received. The instructions for advance voting are presented below.The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.Electronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or their legal representative or authorized proxy representative with bank ID or mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Aspo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration form and possible advance voting form available on the Company's website www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting or corresponding information in the message.c) by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi.Shareholders registering by e-mail shall submit the registration form and possible advance voting form available on the Company's website www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting or corresponding information in the message.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth or business ID  telephone number or e-mail address as well as the name of a possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  the date of birth of the authorized proxy representative or legal representative and their telephone number and/or e-mail address. The personal data given to Aspo Plc or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations. More information on the processing of the personal data is available in the privacy policy of Aspo Plc’s Annual General Meeting  which is available on the website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.A shareholder and their possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative  or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation upon request at the Annual General Meeting.Additional information regarding registration and advance voting is available by phone during the registration period for the General Meeting from Innovatics Oy's phone number +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays between 9 a.m. to 12 noon and between 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the meeting  April 11  2025. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by April 22  2025  by 10.00 a.m. For nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholder prior to the expiry of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance as described in this invitation. If the proxy representative registers electronically  the proxy representative must verify their identity in the electronic registration service with strong electronic identification  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The same applies to electronic advance voting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.The shareholder's proxy representative must present a dated power of attorney or otherwise provide reliable evidence that they are entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. A template proxy is available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.Any proxies are requested to be submitted primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Aspo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxies  the shareholder or their proxy representative must ensure that they have registered for the General Meeting as described above in this invitation.As an alternative to a traditional proxy  shareholders can use the electronic Suomi.fi proxy service to authorize a proxy representative. The proxy representative is named in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorization matter “Representation at the general meeting”). In the general meeting service  the proxy representative must verify their identity with strong electronic authentication when registering  after which the electronic authorization is automatically checked. Strong electronic authentication is done with bank ID or mobile certificate. More information about electronic authorization is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may also vote in advance on agenda items 7 to 21 of the Annual General Meeting during the period between April 2  2025  at 10.00 a.m. – April 17  2025  at 4.00 p.m.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.Advance voting requires that the shareholder or their legal representative or authorized proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication with bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By submitting the advance voting form available on the Company's website or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail at the following address: Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Aspo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.c) By submitting the advance voting form available on the Company's website or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi.The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website. A possible legal representative or authorized proxy representative of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form provide a dated proxy or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.Advance votes must be received before the end of the advance voting period. Submitting advance votes in this manner before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered due registration for the General Meeting  if it contains the information required for registration mentioned in section C.1 above.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information  the right to request a vote or to vote on a possible counterproposal as stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting takes place through their account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the nominee registered shareholders represented by it in accordance with the provided voting instructions during the registration period for the nominee registered shares.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to have been presented unchanged at the general meeting. The terms related to the electronic advance voting and other instructions regarding the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.The Annual General Meeting can be followed via a webcast on the website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise address the meeting  or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the Annual General Meeting.Aspo Plc has on the date of this invitation to the Annual General Meeting  on April 1  2025  a total of 31 419 779 shares and votes. The Company holds on the date hereof a total of 2 268 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be exercised at the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  April 1  2025ASPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Taru Uotila  SVP Legal and Sustainability  Aspo Plc  tel. +358408622318  taru.uotila@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey Mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 17 different countries  and it employs approximately 800 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'INVITATION', 'THE', 'Aspo Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'new record date', 'Aspo Group company', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Annual Report', 'The Board', 'shareholders’ register', 'payment date', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C.', 'shareholder rights', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'treasury shares', 'two instalments', 'monthly fees', 'full-time position', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fees', 'sustainability report', 'assurance report', 'advance voting', 'other rules', 'Vice Chairman', 'parent company', 'seven (7) members', 'advisory resolution', 'Board members', 'year 2024', 'April', 'INVITATION', 'Friday', '10.00 a', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'shareholdersmeeting', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'MATTERS', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'Directors', 'total', 'dividends', 'addition', 'statutes', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'committees', 'chairs', 'number', '10:00', '9.00']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49815,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=16603,Euroclear Bank's collateral management Services picks Taskize,Euroclear Bank’s collateral management services has chosen Taskize – and its integration with email and Symphony Messaging – to ensure query resolution is processed more quickly. Taskize  an investment operation collaboration platform ,Euroclear Bank’s collateral management services has chosen Taskize – and its integration with email and Symphony Messaging – to ensure query resolution is processed more quickly.Taskize  an investment operation collaboration platform  says it will offer an ecosystem where stakeholders will be able to exchange  negotiate  and conclude their deals  and where information can be shared instantly.The integration with Symphony Messaging is also said to keep communication flowing between Euroclear as a triparty agent and their trading counterparties.Mike Reece  managing director  head of collateral management services and head of Euroclear Bank client services  comments: “The key benefit in now integrating Taskize with our collateral management workflow is to offer our counterparties a platform through which they can engage with us in a consistent  clear manner.”CEO of Taskize  Diederik Geeraerts  adds: “Selecting the Taskize platform and our Symphony Messaging and email integrations to more effectively manage enquiries  Euroclear’s collateral management services team has made clear its intention to streamline communications and bolster counterparty relationships.”← Previous industry articleLinedata acquires NROAD,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['collateral management Services', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Taskize', 'Previous industry article Linedata', 'investment operation collaboration platform', 'collateral management services team', 'Euroclear Bank client services', 'collateral management workflow', 'consistent, clear manner', 'Symphony Messaging', 'query resolution', 'triparty agent', 'Mike Reece', 'managing director', 'key benefit', 'Diederik Geeraerts', 'counterparty relationships', 'Taskize platform', 'trading counterparties', 'email integrations', 'ecosystem', 'stakeholders', 'deals', 'information', 'communication', 'head', 'CEO', 'enquiries', 'intention', 'NROAD']",2025-04-02,2025-04-02,assetservicingtimes.com
49816,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-alligator-070000806.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Alligator Bioscience AB,LUND  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 2  2025 / Alligator Bioscience (STO:ATORX) - The shareholders of Alligator Bioscience AB  Reg. No. 556597-8201  are invited to the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 7 May 2025 ,"PROPOSED AGENDA 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Election of Chairman of the meeting 3. Preparation and approval of the register of voters 4. Election of two persons to confirm the minutes 5. Approval of the agenda 6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened 7. Presentation by the CEO 8. Presentation of the Annual Report and Audit Report and the Consolidated Annual Report and Consolidated Audit Report as well as the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the applicable guidelines for remuneration to senior executives 9. Resolution on a) adoption of the profit and loss statement and balance sheet  as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet; b) distribution of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet; and c) discharge from liability of the board members and the CEO 10. Determination of the number of board members as well as auditors and deputy auditors 11. Determination of remuneration for the board members and the auditors 12. Election of board members  Chairman of the board of directors as well as auditors and deputy auditors 13. Resolution on approval of remuneration report 14. Resolution on authorization regarding issues 15. Closing of the meetingPROXY Shareholders participating by proxy must issue a dated and signed proxy. Should the proxy be issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the valid registration certificate ( Sw. registreringsbevis) of the legal entity (or corresponding document) must be presented. Proxies should be in writing and submitted at the latest at the annual general meeting  but should preferably be sent before the general meeting. The validity term of the proxy may be at the longest five years if this is specifically stated. In case no validity term is stated  the proxy is valid for at the longest one year. Proxy forms are available at the company's website ( www.alligatorbioscience.com ) and at the company (see address above)  and will also be sent to the shareholders that request it and state their address.TRUSTEE-REGISTERED SHARES Shareholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting  request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so called ""voting rights registration""). Such voting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than as of Wednesday 30 April 2025. Accordingly  shareholders must well in advance before this date notify their trustee of their request of such voting rights registration.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE Shareholders that want to participate in the annual general meeting must be recorded in the company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Monday 28 April 2025 and  further  have given notice of their intent to participate to the company no later than on Wednesday 30 April 2025  by mail to address  Alligator Bioscience AB  att Greta Höög  Medicon Village  Scheeletorget 1  SE-223 81 Lund  Sweden  by phone to +46 (0)46-540 82 00  or by e-mail to anmalan@alligatorbioscience.com . The notice should specify the shareholder's name  personal identity number or company registration number  telephone number during work hours and the number of shares held by the shareholder and  when applicable  information on the number of advisors (2 at the most).LUND  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 2  2025 / Alligator Bioscience (STO:ATORX) - The shareholders of Alligator Bioscience AB  Reg. No. 556597-8201  are invited to the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 7 May 2025  at 10.00 a.m CEST at Medicon Village  conference room Bengt  Scheelevägen 4 in Lund  Sweden.Story ContinuesPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSItem 2: Election of Chairman of the meetingThe Nomination Committee  consisting of Bertil Brinck (Chairman)  representing Koncentra Holding AB  Lars Bergkvist  representing Roxette Photo SA  Magnus Pettersson  representing own shareholding  and the Chairman of the board of directors  Anders Ekblom  proposes that lawyer Ola Grahn is elected as Chairman of the annual general meeting or  in his absence  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee instead.Item 9 b: Resolution on distribution of the company's resultThe board of directors proposes that no dividends are paid and that the accumulated loss of SEK 127 127 801 shall be carried forward to a new account.Item 10: Determination of the number of board members as well as auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of three ordinary board members elected by the annual general meeting.Furthermore  the Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that one registered public accounting firm without deputy is appointed.Item 11: Determination of remuneration for the board members and the auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the board remuneration and the remuneration for committee work is unchanged compared to the year 2024; meaning SEK 650 000 to the Chairman of the board of directors and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members who are not employed by the company. Furthermore  remuneration for committee work is proposed to be SEK 125 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  and SEK 50 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 25 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee.Furthermore  the Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration for the auditor shall be paid in accordance with customary norms and approved invoice.Item 12: Election of board members  Chairman of the board of directors as well as auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that Hans-Peter Ostler  Eva Sjökvist Saers and Denise Goode are re-elected as board members and that Hans-Peter Ostler is elected as new Chairman of the board of directors. Anders Ekblom and Staffan Encrantz have declined re-election.Information on the board members proposed for re-election can be found at the company's website and in the Annual Report (see www.alligatorbioscience.com ).Furthermore  the Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that the registered accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) is re-elected as auditor. PwC has informed that the authorized public accountant Ola Bjärehäll will continue to be appointed as the responsible auditor.Item 13: Resolution on approval of remuneration reportThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' remuneration report for the financial year 2024.Item 14: Resolution on authorization regarding issuesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  up until the next annual general meeting  at one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  to resolve to issue new ordinary shares  convertibles and/or warrants with right to convert into and subscribe for ordinary shares respectively. The reason for why a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights should be possible is to enable the company to be able to source working capital  to be able to extend the ownership base with one of more owners of strategic importance  to be able to execute acquisitions of companies or operating assets as well as to enable new issues to industrial partners within the framework of partnerships and alliances. The total number of ordinary shares that may be issued (alternatively be issued through conversion of convertibles and/or exercise of warrants) shall not exceed 20 per cent of the number of outstanding ordinary shares as per the date when the issue authorization is utilized for the first time.In case the authorization is used for an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue shall be made on market terms.The company's CEO shall be authorized to make the minor formal adjustments of the resolution which may be required for registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office ( Sw . Bolagsverket).PARTICULAR MAJORITY REQUIREMENTSFor a valid resolution on the proposal pursuant to item 14  the proposal has to be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the annual general meeting.GENERAL MEETING DOCUMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATIONAccounting documents  the audit report  the board of directors' remuneration report  the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the applicable guidelines for remuneration to senior executives  the complete proposals for resolutions and other documents for the general meeting will be kept available at the company's office at Medicon Village  Scheeletorget 1  SE-223 81 Lund  Sweden and at the company's website ( www.alligatorbioscience.com ) as from no later than three weeks prior to the general meeting. Copies of documents will be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their address and will also be available at the annual general meeting.At the annual general meeting  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of items on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group.As per the date of the notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 16 905 477  of which all outstanding shares are ordinary shares.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .Lund in April 2025ALLIGATOR BIOSCIENCE AB (PUBL)The Board of DirectorsAttachmentsNotice of annual general meeting in Alligator Bioscience ABSOURCE: Alligator BioscienceView the original press release on ACCESS Newswire",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alligator Bioscience AB', 'Notice', 'one registered public accounting firm', 'Such voting rights registration', 'three ordinary board members', 'valid registration certificate', 'longest five years', 'longest one year', 'Greta Höög', 'Koncentra Holding AB', 'Roxette Photo SA', 'lawyer Ola Grahn', 'Alligator Bioscience AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Consolidated Annual Report', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'annual general meeting', 'Consolidated Audit Report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'TRUSTEE-REGISTERED SHARES Shareholders', 'company registration number', 'Audit Committee', 'committee work', 'consolidated profit', 'two persons', 'applicable guidelines', 'senior executives', 'legal entity', 'certified copy', 'Sw. registreringsbevis', 'corresponding document', 'validity term', 'Medicon Village', 'work hours', 'ACCESS Newswire', 'Wednesday 7 May', 'conference room', 'Scheelevägen', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'Bertil Brinck', 'Lars Bergkvist', 'Magnus Pettersson', 'Anders Ekblom', 'new account', 'Wednesday 30 April', 'Monday 28 April', 'remuneration report', 'telephone number', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'share register', 'loss statement', 'SE-223 81 Lund', 'Proxy forms', 'other trustee', 'board remuneration', 'deputy auditors', 'PROXY Shareholders', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'voters', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'compliance', 'adoption', 'distribution', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'directors', 'authorization', 'issues', 'Closing', 'Proxies', 'writing', 'case', 'website', 'alligatorbioscience', 'address', 'name', 'bank', 'advance', 'request', 'notice', 'intent', 'mail', 'att', 'Scheeletorget', 'anmalan', 'information', 'advisors', 'ATORX', 'Reg.', '10.00 a', 'CEST', 'Bengt', 'Story', 'Item', 'shareholding', 'absence', 'dividends', 'SEK', 'accordance', 'recommendation', '46']",2025-04-02,2025-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
49817,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-hexagon-061500213.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ),The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 17:00 CET on Monday 5 May 2025  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm.,"A special form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.hexagon.com . A separate notification to the Annual General Meeting is not required as the postal voting form will be considered as a notification. Completed and signed postal voting forms can be sent by mail to Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com . Completed and signed forms must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 28 April 2025. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy   by 28 April 2025 at the latest.secondly   notify the company by submitting a postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Monday 28 April 2025.firstly   be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 24 April 2025  andShareholders may exercise their voting rights through postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:For shareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy  an original proxy to act on behalf of the shareholder should be attached to the notice of attendance. A proxy form will be available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent by post to shareholders that contact the company and state their address. Representatives of a legal entity should also send a copy of the registration certificate or similar documentation of authorisation.When giving notice of attendance  the shareholder must state their name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address  telephone number (daytime) and shareholding.Notice of attendance to the Annual General Meeting can be given on Hexagon's website  www.hexagon.com   or by post to: Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by phone +46 8-402 92 21  on 28 April 2025 at the latest.secondly   notify the company of their attendance no later than Monday 28 April 2025  according to the instructions below.firstly   be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 24 April 2025  andThe Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act ( Sw. aktiebolagslagen ) and the company's Articles of Association  decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the General Meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.STOCKHOLM  April 2  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 17:00 CET on Monday 5 May 2025  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm.Story ContinuesShareholders may not submit special instructions or conditions with the postal vote. In such cases  the entire postal vote will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.If the shareholder submits the postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Please note that shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. A notification of participation by postal voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy.C. NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo participate in the AGM  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must – in addition to notification to the company of their attendance or submission of a postal vote – request their bank or broker to have the shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB  in order for the shareholder to be recorded in the share register. Such re-registration must be made by 24 April 2025 and the nominee should be notified in due time before this date. Re-registration requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than 28 April 2025 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.D. AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGProposal for agenda Opening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of two persons to check the minutes. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation. Address by the President. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditors' report  as well as the consolidated financial report and auditors' report on the consolidated financial report for the financial year 2024 (b) a statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting  and(c) the proposal of the Board of Directors for the dividend and statement thereon. Resolutions concerning(a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  all as per 31 December 2024 (b) disposition of the Company's profit as set forth in the balance sheet adopted by the Meeting and the record date for dividend distribution  and(c) discharge of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from personal liability. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors. Determination of the fees to be paid to the board members and auditors. Election of board members and auditors. Election of members of the Nomination Committee. Resolution on approval of remuneration report. Resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme(Share Programme 2025/2028) Authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares. Authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants. Closing of the Meeting.Proposals for resolutionsElection of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee elected in anticipation of the 2025 Annual General Meeting  comprising Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Brett Watson (Infor) and Daniel Kristiansson (Alecta) has proposed that Ola Rollén be elected Chairman of the 2025 Annual General Meeting.Proposal for resolution on dividend (item 9 b)For the financial year 2024  the Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.14 per share be declared. Wednesday 7 May 2025 is proposed as the record date for the right to receive dividend. If the Annual General Meeting so resolves  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting on Wednesday 14 May 2025. Payment is made in EUR  provided that EUR can be received by the shareholder's yield account; if not  payment will be distributed in SEK  whereby currency exchange is made in accordance with Euroclear Sweden AB's applicable procedures.Proposals regarding election of board members and auditor and fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of Board Members shall be nine  without deputies.Directors' fees shall be paid as follows: SEK 2 700 000 to the Chairman of the Board  SEK 2 000 000 to the vice Chairman of the Board and SEK 850 000 to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 115 000 and each member of the Remuneration Committee SEK 85 000 and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 425 000 and member of the Audit Committee SEK 315 000.Re-election of Board Members Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  Erik Huggers  Annika Falkengren and Ralph Haupter and new election of Björn Rosengren and Tomas Eliasson as ordinary Board Members. John Brandon and Brett Watson have declined re-election.Re-election of Ola Rollén as the Chairman of the Board and new election of Björn Rosengren as vice Chairman of the Board.Re-election of auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for a period of one year  i.e.  until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  whereby it is noted that the auditing firm has notified that the authorised public accountantBo Karlsson will be appointed principally responsible auditor.Fees to auditor shall be payable according to contract.Björn Rosengren (born 1959) has a long and diverse career in the business sector  most recently serving as CEO and Group President of ABB Ltd. Prior to this  Björn was the CEO of Sandvik  CEO of Wärtsilä and Deputy CEO of Atlas Copco. Björn is also an honorary doctor at the University of Vaasa and a board member of the World Childhood Foundation. Björn holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Chalmers University of Technology. Björn is considered independent in relation to the company and its management as well as major shareholders of the company. Björn (including related natural and legal persons) owns 332 873 shares in the company.Tomas Eliasson (born 1962) has extensive experience as a board member in several publicly listed companies. Currently  Tomas is a board member in Telia  Millicom International Cellular S.A  Boliden and Elekta  but Tomas has announced that he is leaving the Board of Directors of Millicom International Cellular S.A. in connection with the Annual General Meeting 2025. Tomas has previously served as CFO of Sandvik  Electrolux  Assa Abloy and Seco Tools. Tomas holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics from Uppsala University. Tomas is considered independent in relation to the company and its management as well as major shareholders of the company. Tomas (including related natural and legal persons) owns no shares in the company.Proposal for election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders representing in total approximately 53 per cent of the number of votes in the company recommend that the AGM resolves as follows regarding the Nomination Committee in respect of the AGM 2026:The Nomination Committee shall have four members.Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Brett Watson (Infor) and Daniel Kristiansson (Alecta) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2026. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee.Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.In case a shareholder  whom a member of the Nomination Committee represents  is no longer one of the major shareholders of Hexagon  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder  or for any other reason leaves the Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2026  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Director's report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal for resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme (Share Programme 2025/2028) (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves on implementation of a performance based long-term share programme for 2025 (""Share Programme 2025/2028"") for the group management  division managers  senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group as follows.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of Share Programme 2025/2028 is to strengthen the Hexagon Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  provide competitive remuneration and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based incentive programme  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's earnings and value growth and creates long-term incentives for the programme participants. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of Share Programme 2025/2028 may have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and  consequently  that Share Programme 2025/2028 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Participants in Share Programme 2025/2028 and allocationShare Programme 2025/2028 is proposed to include a maximum of approximately2 000 senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group  who are divided into five groups: the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  group management (""Group 2"")  division managers (""Group 3"") and other senior executives and key employees (""Group 4"" and ""Group 5""). Invitation to participate in the programme shall be provided by Hexagon on or about 30 June 2025. Participation in Share Programme 2025/2028 requires that the participant  except for the President and CEO  has been employed by the Hexagon Group for at least twelve (12) months prior to the date of the offer.Participants are offered to be allocated performance awards that may entitle to Series B shares according to the conditions set out below. The performance awards shall be based on a maximum value for each participant category. The maximum value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  for participants in Group 2  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  for participants in Group 3 and Group 4  100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  and for participants in Group 5  35 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025. The total sum of the maximum values of the performance awards thus defined for all participants will not exceed EUR 60 million  including social costs.The share price used to calculate the number of shares to which the performance awards yields will be the volume-weighted average of the market price of Hexagon Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five (5) trading days before the day the participants are offered to participate in the programme.Performance conditionAllocated performance awards entitle to the receipt of Series B shares in the company provided that the performance condition related to the development of Hexagon's earnings per share[1] during the measurement period 1 January 2025 until 31 December 2028 is fulfilled  where the last financial year during the measurement period is compared with the financial year preceding the measurement period  with reservation for any reduction in the number of shares in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2025/2028. The target level for the performance-based condition shall be an increase in the company's earnings per share during the financial year 2028 compared to the financial year 2024. If the target level is achieved  the participants shall be entitled to receive Series B shares in the company in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2025/2028. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfillment of the performance-based condition in the annual report for the financial year 2028.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.Performance awards shall be granted free of charge after the Annual General Meeting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share in the company free of charge approximately four (4) years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the above performance condition has been met and that the holder has been employed by the Hexagon Group during the entire measurement period and is still employed at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2029. Exemptions to the requirement of employment during the entire measurement period up to and including the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2029 may be granted by the Board of Directors in specific cases  including  but not limited to  a participant's disability or retirement.The Board of Directors shall have the opportunity to make adjustments as a result of extraordinary events such as bonus issue  share split  rights issue  and/or other similar events.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be granted by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions and administration of Share Programme 2025/2028  in accordance with the above mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments  including for example a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares  if significant changes in the Hexagon Group  or its operational environment  would  as assessed by the Board of Directors  result in a situation where the established terms and conditions for Share Programme 2025/2028 no longer are appropriate or reasonable.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of shares under Share Programme 2025/2028 cannot be achieved at a reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make appropriate local adjustments to the programme or instead offer participants a cash settlement.Scope and costs of the programmeProvided that the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under Share Programme 2025/2028 is SEK 114.55[2]  Share Programme 2025/2028 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 5 333 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.2 per cent of the total outstanding shares in the company.Provided that the performance condition is fully met  the total costs for Share Programme 2025/2028  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  is estimated to a maximum of approximately EUR 60 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social costs and administration costs for the programme are included in the amount.In the event that the total costs of Share Programme 2025/2028 would exceed EUR 60 million  the total number of allocated Series B shares in Hexagon will be reduced so that the total costs of Share Programme 2025/2028 will not exceed this amount. Such reduction will be made pro rata in relation to the highest value for each participant category in accordance with the above.Delivery of shares under Share Programme 2025/2028To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under Share Programme 2025/2028  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with Share Programme 2025/2028.Preparation of the proposalShare Programme 2025/2028 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Hexagon and has been structured in consultation with external advisers. Share Programme 2025/2028 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings with the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programmes in HexagonFor a description of Hexagon's other incentive programmes  Share Programme 2022/2025  Share Programme 2023/2026 and Share Programme 2024/2027  please see the company's Annual Report 2024  note 30  and the company's website www.hexagon.com. In addition to the programmes described therein  there are no other long term incentive programmes in Hexagon.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares (item 16)Hexagon has previously  on the basis of authorization by the General Meeting  acquired own Series B shares for the purpose of using repurchased shares to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure  to finance potential company acquisitions  and as a hedge for the company's share-based incentive programmes. As of 1 January 2025  the company held 21 100 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to approximately 0.8 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it remains advantageous for the company to continue to be able to use repurchased shares in order to adjust the company's capital structure  on account of potential company acquisitions and for the company's share-based incentive programmes.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on acquisition and transfer of Series B shares in the company. Acquisition of shares may be made at a maximum of Series B shares so that the company's holding does not exceed ten (10) per cent of all shares in the company at that time. Acquisitions of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of Series B shares may be made at a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the company. A transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Compensation for transferred shares can be paid in cash  through an issue in kind or a set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors.The purpose of the authorizations is (i) to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  (ii) to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (iii) to ensure the company's undertakings  due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including social security costs.The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors during the period up until the next AGM to  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  resolve to issue Series B shares  convertibles and/or warrants (with rights to subscribe for or convert into Series B shares). By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a potential deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as set out above  is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket).The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.E. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSThe Annual Report and the auditor's statement as well as the auditors'statement regarding whether the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives have been complied with  the Board of Director's remuneration report  the Board of Director's complete proposal concerning items 15-17 together with related documents  as well as the Board of Director's statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act will be kept available for the shareholders at the company's headquarters in Stockholm no later than Monday 14 April 2025. Copies of the documents will be sent to those shareholders who request to receive such information and who have provided their address and will be available at the company's website www.hexagon.com and at the Annual General Meeting.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO RECEIVE INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if requested by a shareholder and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material damage to the company  provide information regarding issues that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the group. Shareholders may send questions in advance by mail to Hexagon AB (publ)  Box 3692  SE-103 59 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hexagon.com.G. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 705 477 888 of which 110 250 000 are shares of Series A (with 10 votes per share)  and 2 595 227 888 are shares of Series B (with 1 vote per share). The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 697 727 888. Hexagon AB (publ) holds 21 100 000 of its own Series B shares  corresponding to an equal number of votes  for which the company cannot exercise voting rights.H. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. If you have questions regarding Hexagon AB's processing of your personal data  you can contact the company by email privacy@hexagon.com. Hexagon AB (publ) has corporate ID No. 556190-4771 and the Board of Directors' registered office is in Stockholm  Sweden.____________________________Stockholm in April 2025The Board of DirectorsHexagon AB (publ)[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share  excluding adjustments.[2] Corresponding to the closing price on 18 March 2025 for Hexagon's Series B share on Nasdaq Stockholm.For further information  please contact:Tom Hull  Head of Investor Relations  +44 7442 678 437  ir@hexagon.comAnton Heikenström  Investor Relations Manager  Hexagon AB  +46 8 601 26 26  ir@hexagon.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/hexagon/r/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab--publ- c4128664The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/387/4128664/3359246.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting 2025CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-publ-302418083.htmlSOURCE Hexagon",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexagon AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'IVA Conference Center', 'other authorization document', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'special form', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'Hexagon AB', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'similar documentation', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'Monday 5 May', 'Grev Turegatan', 'dated power', 'two persons', 'proxy form', 'registration certificate', 'postal address', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'D. AGENDA', 'agenda Opening', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'Monday 28 April', 'Thursday 24 April', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'original proxy', 'separate notification', 'legal person', 'anmalan.vpc', 'forms', 'company', 'website', 'mail', 'Stockholm', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Completed', 'Shareholders', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'EuroclearProxy', 'latest', 'accordance', 'behalf', 'notice', 'attendance', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'authorisation', 'name', 'daytime', 'shareholding', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Association', 'AGM', 'PRNewswire', '17:00 CET', 'Story', 'conditions', 'cases', 'written', 'attorney', 'request', 'heading', 'Participation', 'C.', 'addition', 'submission', 'broker', 'order', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'compliance', '101']",2025-04-02,2025-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
49818,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-annual-general-meeting-of-deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-successfully-held-1034543027,EQS-News: Annual General Meeting of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG successfully held,Annual General Meeting of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG successfully held / Dr Kai Gregor Klinger and Daniel Löhken elected to the Supervisory Board as new members  Sebastian Wasser confirmed on the Supervisory Board  Daniel Löhken appointed new Chairman of the Supervisory Board,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): AGM/EGMAnnual General Meeting of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG successfully held02.04.2025 / 20:01 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press ReleaseAnnual General Meeting of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG successfully held / Dr Kai Gregor Klinger and Daniel Löhken elected to the Supervisory Board as new members  Sebastian Wasser confirmed on the Supervisory Board  Daniel Löhken appointed new Chairman of the Supervisory BoardPotsdam  2 April 2025 - The Annual General Meeting of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) was held in Berlin on 1 April 2025.As a result of the Supervisory Board elections  Dr Kai Gregor Klinger and Mr Daniel Löhken were elected to the Supervisory Board as new members. Mr Sebastian Wasser was confirmed in office. In accordance with § 9 (2) sentence 2 of the Articles of Association  their term in office will end at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2027. Following the Annual General Meeting  the Supervisory Board appointed Mr Daniel Löhken as its new Chairman and Mr Sebastian Wasser as Deputy Chairman.DOMUS AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft/Steuerberatungsgesellschaft  Berlin  was appointed as auditor for the 2024/2025 financial year and for the review of the half-year financial report and other interim financial reports.Alexander Kroth and Kyrill Turchaninov were discharged for their term of office on the Management Board in the 2023/2024 financial year. The discharge of Christian Hellmuth for the 2023/2024 financial year was postponed. Rolf Elgeti was not discharged for his work on the Supervisory Board in the past financial year 2023/2024. The remaining Supervisory Board members were discharged by the Annual General Meeting.Furthermore  a resolution was passed to approve the Compensation Report prepared and audited in accordance with Section 162 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) for the 2023/2024 financial year  as well as the compensation system for Management Board members. The adjusted compensation of the Supervisory Board  including the corresponding amendment to the Articles of Association  was also approved.The Annual General Meeting also approved the cancellation of the existing Authorised Capital 2021/I and the creation of new Authorised Capital 2025/I with the option to exclude subscription rights. The Management Board declared as part of a voluntary commitment that it would limit the exclusion of subscription rights to a maximum of 20% of the share capital if Authorised Capital 2025/I is utilised. In addition  the adjustment of Conditional Capital II and the creation of new Conditional Capital III in connection with a further authorisation to issue bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds were approved.Approximately 72.7% of the share capital was represented at the Annual General Meeting (share capital at the time of the Annual General Meeting: EUR 43 351 091  divided into an equal number of voting shares). The detailed voting results are published on the company's website at:https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/investor-relations/annual-general-meeting/2025About Deutsche KonsumDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company with a focus on German retail properties for everyday goods at established micro-locations. The focus of the Company's activities is on the acquisition  management and development of local supply properties with the aim of continuous performance and the leveraging of hidden reserves.The shares of the Company are listed on the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse (ISIN: DE000A14KRD3) and on the JSE (JSE Limited) (South Africa) by way of a secondary listing.Deutsche Konsum REIT-AGMrs. Mareike KuliberdaInvestor RelationsMarlene-Dietrich-Allee 12b14482 PotsdamTel: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 533Fax: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 599E-Mail: mk@deutsche-konsum.de,positive,0.64,0.36,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.3,0.37,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'EQS-News', 'Mareike KuliberdaInvestor RelationsMarlene-Dietrich-Allee 12b14482 PotsdamTel', 'Press Release Annual General Meeting', 'Dr Kai Gregor Klinger', 'DOMUS AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft/Steuerberatungsgesellschaft', 'German Stock Corporation Act', 'other interim financial reports', 'Mr Daniel Löhken', 'listed real estate company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'new Conditional Capital III', 'remaining Supervisory Board members', 'German retail properties', '2024/2025 financial year', '2023/2024 financial year', 'past financial year', 'local supply properties', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Mr Sebastian Wasser', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'half-year financial report', 'detailed voting results', 'existing Authorised Capital', 'new Authorised Capital', 'Supervisory Board elections', 'Management Board members', 'The Management Board', 'new members', 'share capital', 'new Chairman', 'Compensation Report', 'Key word', 'Deputy Chairman', 'Alexander Kroth', 'Kyrill Turchaninov', 'Christian Hellmuth', 'Rolf Elgeti', 'compensation system', 'adjusted compensation', 'corresponding amendment', 'subscription rights', 'voluntary commitment', 'equal number', 'voting shares', 'everyday goods', 'continuous performance', 'hidden reserves', 'Prime Standard', 'South Africa', 'secondary listing', 'convertible bonds', 'JSE Limited', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', 'EQS-News', 'AGM/EGM', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', '2 April', 'Berlin', '1 April', 'office', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'term', 'close', 'auditor', 'review', 'discharge', 'work', 'resolution', 'Section', 'AktG', 'cancellation', 'creation', 'option', 'part', 'exclusion', 'maximum', 'addition', 'adjustment', 'connection', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'time', 'website', 'deutsche-konsum', 'investor-relations', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Broderstorf', 'focus', 'micro-locations', 'activities', 'acquisition', 'development', 'aim', 'leveraging', 'way', '533Fax', 'mk']",2025-04-02,2025-04-02,markets.businessinsider.com
49819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053446/0/en/Stellantis-Annual-General-Meeting-Live-Webcast-Available.html,Stellantis Annual General Meeting Live Webcast Available,Stellantis Annual General Meeting Live Webcast Available  AMSTERDAM  April 1  2025 – Stellantis N.V. announced today that a link for the live webcast...,Stellantis Annual General Meeting Live Webcast AvailableAMSTERDAM  April 1  2025 – Stellantis N.V. announced today that a link for the live webcast of its Annual General Meeting for the approval of Stellantis N.V.’s 2024 financial statements will be made available on www.stellantis.com under the Investors section on the day of the event  April 15  2025.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA + 31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL + 33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Stellantis Annual General Meeting', 'Webcast', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Stellantis Annual General Meeting', 'bold strategic plan', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Citroën', '2024 financial statements', 'Investors section', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'stellantis.com', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'live webcast', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'link', 'approval', 'www', 'day', 'event', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053012/0/en/Vicat-Implementation-of-a-liquidity-agreement-with-Kepler-Cheuvreux.html,Vicat - Implementation of a liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux,Implementation of a liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux    The liquidity contract between Natixis Oddo BHF and Vicat dated from December 29  2009...,Implementation of a liquidity agreement with Kepler CheuvreuxThe liquidity contract between Natixis Oddo BHF and Vicat dated from December 29  2009 has been terminated. This termination took effect on March 31  2025  after the market close.As of March 31  2025  the following resources appeared in the liquidity account:1 372 168 euros17 619 sharesVicat (Euronext Paris: FR0000031775 – VCT) and Kepler Cheuvreux have signed on March 28  2025 a liquidity contract (the “Agreement”) regarding the liquidity of the shares of Vicat admitted to Euronext Paris.The implementation of the Agreement will be carried out in accordance with the legal provisions in force  and more specifically with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (MAR)  the delegated Commission Regulation (EU) 2016/908 of 26 February 2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regulatory technical standards concerning the criteria  procedure and requirements for establishing an accepted market practice and the requirements for maintaining  withdrawing or amending the conditions for admission  and Articles L. 225-209 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  and the AMF decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  applicable as of July 1  2021.The following resources have been allocated to the liquidity account:3 172 168 euros17 619 titresThe execution of the Agreement will be suspended under the conditions described in Article 5 of AMF decision AMF n° 2021-01 of June 22  2021.ContactsInvestor RelationsPierre PEDROSATel. +33 (0)6 73 25 98 06pierre.pedrosa@vicat.fr PressRaphael HinningerTel. +33 (0)7 61 74 86 52raphael.hinninger@vicat.frAbout the Vicat GroupFor 170 years  Vicat has been a leading player in the mineral and biosourced building materials industry. Vicat is a group listed on the Euronext Paris market  part of the SBF 120 Index  and is under the majority control of the founding Merceron-Vicat family. With the ambition of achieving carbon neutrality in its value chain by 2050  the Vicat Group now operates three core lines of business: Cement  Ready-Mixed Concrete and Aggregates  as well as related activities. The Vicat Group is present in 12 countries spanning both developed and emerging markets. It has close to 10 000 employees and generated consolidated sales of €3 884 million in 2024. With its strong regional positions  Vicat is developing a circular economy model beneficial for all and consistently innovating to reduce the construction industry’s environmental impact.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['liquidity agreement', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Vicat', 'Implementation', 'biosourced building materials industry', 'Natixis Oddo BHF', 'regulatory technical standards', 'French Commercial Code', 'founding Merceron-Vicat family', 'three core lines', 'strong regional positions', 'circular economy model', 'Euronext Paris market', 'The Vicat Group', 'construction industry', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'following resources', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'market practice', 'Investor Relations', 'fr Press', 'leading player', 'SBF 120 Index', 'majority control', 'carbon neutrality', 'value chain', 'Ready-Mixed Concrete', 'related activities', 'emerging markets', 'consolidated sales', 'environmental impact', 'liquidity contract', 'liquidity account', 'AMF decision', 'legal provisions', 'Pierre PEDROSA', 'liquidity agreement', 'Raphael Hinninger', 'Implementation', 'December', 'termination', 'effect', 'March', '168 euros', '17,619 shares', 'VCT', 'accordance', 'force', 'Regulation', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'Commission', '26 February', 'criteria', 'procedure', 'requirements', 'accepted', 'conditions', 'admission', 'Articles', 'June', 'July', '17,619 titres', 'execution', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', '170 years', 'mineral', 'part', 'ambition', 'business', 'Cement', 'Aggregates', '12 countries', 'developed', '10,000 employees', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053652/0/en/Danone-successfully-issues-a-800-million-bond.html,Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond,Press Release – Paris  April 1  2025  at 6:00 PM CEST  Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond   Danone announces that it has issued today a...,Press Release – Paris  April 1  2025  at 6:00 PM CESTDanone successfully issues a €800 million bondDanone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond with a 8-year maturity and a 3.438% coupon.In line with the company’s active liquidity management  this issue enables Danone to enhance its funding flexibility while extending the maturity of its debt.The settlement is expected to take place on April 7  2025  and the bonds will be listed on Euronext Paris.The bond issue was widely subscribed by a diversified investor base  confirming the high confidence in Danone’s business model and credit profile.Danone is rated BBB+  stable outlook  by Standard & Poor’s and Baa1  stable outlook  by Moody’s.About Danone ( www.danone.com )Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend Categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With over 90 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.4 billion in sales in 2024. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including AQUA  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX platform via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Moody’s and Sustainalytics  as well as MSCI ESG Indexes  FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and Access to Nutrition Index. Danone’s ambition is to be B CorpTM certified at global level in 2025.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['€800 million bond', 'Danone', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'active liquidity management', 'diversified investor base', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'MSCI ESG Indexes', 'FTSE4Good Index Series', 'leading international brands', 'leading global food', 'Nutrition Index', 'regional brands', 'global level', 'Press Release', '6:00 PM CEST', '€800 million bond', 'funding flexibility', 'high confidence', 'business model', 'credit profile', 'Standard & Poor', 'three health-focused', 'trend Categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'sustainable eating', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'value creation', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'OTCQX platform', 'component stock', 'B CorpTM', 'Euronext Paris', '8-year maturity', 'bond issue', 'stable outlook', 'beverage company', 'Plant-Based products', 'April', 'Danone', '3.438% coupon', 'line', 'debt', 'settlement', 'place', 'bonds', 'Baa', 'Moody', 'Waters', 'long', 'healthier', 'growth', 'competitiveness', '90,000 employees', '120 markets', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'Actimel', 'Activia', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'AQUA', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR', 'program', 'Sustainalytics', 'Access', 'ambition', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053625/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-in-the-capital-as-at-March-31-2025.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at March 31  2025,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at March 31  2025   Paris  April 1st  2025 – 17.45 Total......,About CofaceCOFACE SA is a société anonyme (joint-stock corporation)  with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) incorporated under the laws of France  and is governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. The Company is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) under the number 432 413 599. The Company’s registered office is at 1 Place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois Colombes  France.At the date of 31 December 2024  the Company’s share capital amounts to €300 359 584  divided into 150 179 792 shares  all of the same class  and all of which are fully paid up and subscribed.All regulated information is available on the company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors).Coface SA. is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment AISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'March', 'société anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Sociétés', 'joint-stock corporation', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'Registre du', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', '92270 Bois Colombes', 'same class', 'regulated information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'COFACE SA', 'The Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'laws', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Bellonte', 'date', '31 December', 'share', 'capital', 'website', 'Investors', 'ISIN', 'Ticker']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053011/0/en/Vantiva-Completes-Sale-of-Supply-Chain-Solutions-Business-to-Funds-Managed-by-Variant-Equity.html,Vantiva Completes Sale of Supply Chain Solutions Business to Funds Managed by Variant Equity,Press Release  Vantiva Completes Sale of Supply Chain Solutions Businessto Funds Managed by Variant Equity  Paris  France – April 1  2025 – Vantiva......,Press ReleaseVantiva Completes Sale of Supply Chain Solutions Businessto Funds Managed by Variant EquityParis  France – April 1  2025 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in connectivity  has finalized the sale of its Supply Chain Solutions (SCS) business to funds managed by Variant Equity. This transaction is a key step in Vantiva’s strategy to focus on its core Connected Home business.SCS  a globally recognized leader in precision manufacturing  distribution  and supply chain solutions for the media & entertainment and consumer goods sectors  will continue to operate as an independent entity under Variant Equity’s ownership. Moving forward  the business will operate under the new branding of Conectiv.Vantiva thanks the SCS team for their dedication and contributions over the years and wishes them success in this next phase.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) is a global technology leader in the Customer Premises Equipment (CPE) market. For over 130 years  Vantiva (formerly known as Technicolor) has delivered solutions that connect what matters most. Today  the company continues to redefine connectivity with industry-leading broadband  video  and IoT-driven smart systems that elevate how people live  work  and connect globally.Vantiva combines a customer-focused approach with decades of software development  electronics hardware design  and supply chain expertise to deliver high-quality solutions at scale. This proficiency has positioned Vantiva as a trusted provider to leading network service providers  enterprise customers  and consumers around the world.A strong commitment to sustainability and responsible business practices has earned Vantiva multiple Gold and Platinum Medals from EcoVadis for environmental and social performance. These awards place the company among the top 2% of organizations in its category evaluated globally.With its headquarters in Paris and major offices in Australia  Brazil  China  India  South Korea  the United Kingdom  and the United States  the company serves a diverse global customer base. The acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks business in January 2024 further bolstered the company and its ongoing commitment to innovation.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and X (Twitter).ContactsVantiva Press Relations Image 7 for Vantivapress.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.frVantiva Investors Relationsinvestor.relations@vantiva.comAbout Variant EquityFounded in 2017  Variant Equity is a Los Angeles based private equity firm that makes control investments in corporate divestiture and similarly operationally intensive transactions across a wide range of industries including transportation and logistics  technology and business services. The firm’s investment approach focuses on businesses it believes are best suited to reach their full potential as stand-alone enterprises through the deployment of Variant’s operations and technology resources. For more information  visit variantequity.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Supply Chain Solutions Business', 'Vantiva Completes', 'Variant Equity', 'Sale', 'Funds', 'Los Angeles based private equity firm', 'diverse global customer base', 'core Connected Home business', 'Supply Chain Solutions Business', 'Vantiva Investors Relations investor', 'Customer Premises Equipment', 'supply chain expertise', 'Home Networks business', 'consumer goods sectors', 'IoT-driven smart systems', 'electronics hardware design', 'network service providers', 'responsible business practices', 'global technology leader', 'Vantiva Press Relations', 'business services', 'high-quality solutions', 'Press Release', 'Variant Equity', 'SCS) business', 'technology resources', 'key step', 'precision manufacturing', 'independent entity', 'new branding', 'next phase', 'CPE) market', 'customer-focused approach', 'software development', 'trusted provider', 'enterprise customers', 'strong commitment', 'multiple Gold', 'Platinum Medals', 'social performance', 'major offices', 'South Korea', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'ongoing commitment', 'control investments', 'corporate divestiture', 'intensive transactions', 'wide range', 'investment approach', 'full potential', 'stand-alone enterprises', 'SCS team', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vantiva Completes', 'Edge Vantiva', 'vantiva.com', 'Sale', 'Funds', 'France', 'April', 'connectivity', 'strategy', 'distribution', 'media', 'entertainment', 'ownership', 'Conectiv', 'dedication', 'contributions', 'years', 'success', 'Technicolor', 'company', 'video', 'people', 'decades', 'scale', 'proficiency', 'leading', 'consumers', 'world', 'sustainability', 'EcoVadis', 'environmental', 'awards', 'organizations', 'category', 'headquarters', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'China', 'India', 'acquisition', 'CommScope', 'January', 'innovation', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'image', 'industries', 'transportation', 'logistics', 'businesses', 'deployment', 'operations', 'variantequity', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053830/0/en/Inventiva-announces-completion-of-enrollment-in-the-Phase-3-NATiV3-clinical-trial-of-lanifibranor-in-patients-with-MASH-and-advanced-fibrosis.html,Inventiva announces completion of enrollment in the Phase 3 NATiV3 clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with MASH and advanced fibrosis,Daix (France)  New York City (New York  United States)  April 1  2025 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (“Inventiva” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the t…,Target enrollment exceeded with 1009 patients randomized in the main cohort and 410 patients in the exploratory cohortTopline results from NATiV3 projected in the second half of 2026 and  if positive  expected to be the basis for submission for regulatory approvalDaix (France)  New York City (New York  United States)  April 1  2025 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (“Inventiva” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced the completion of patient enrollment in its NATiV3 Phase 3 clinical trial with the randomization of the last patient in the main cohort. Inventiva has enrolled 1009 patients in the main cohort and 410 patients in the exploratory cohort exceeding the original target of 969 and 350  respectively.Frederic Cren  CEO and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “The completion of enrollment of NATiV3 marks a significant milestone in the development of lanifibranor. With topline results expected in the second half of 2026  lanifibranor could potentially be the next oral therapy approved for the treatment of patients with MASH. On behalf of the entire Inventiva team  I would like to express our deepest gratitude to the patients  investigators and staff at clinical trial sites participating in the NATiV3 trial worldwide  our partners and collaborators whose commitment has made it possible to reach this major milestone. I would also like to thank the Inventiva team who have dedicated themselves to the achievement of this critical milestone.”Prof. Arun Sanyal  M.D.  Director of the Stravitz-Sanyal Institute for Liver Disease and Metabolic Health  Virginia Commonwealth University and co-principal investigator of NATiV3  stated: “The compelling data from the NATIVE Phase 2b trial of lanifibranor after just six months of treatment  instill strong confidence in the potential of lanifibranor to become a cornerstone therapy for patients with MASH  if approved. The unmet medical need for patients with MASH is significant  and lanifibranor’s unique mechanism of action could offer a tailored and promising potential solution  particularly for patients with advanced fibrosis and type 2 diabetes. I am eager to see the topline results and look forward to collaborating closely with Inventiva to ensure a successful NDA filing.”Topline results of NATiV3 are expected in the second half of 2026.Completion of enrollment in NATiV3 supports satisfaction of certain conditions related to the second tranche of approximately €116 million of the structured financing announced in October 2024 of up to €348 million  including: (i) the last patient in the NATiV3 main cohort randomized before April 30  2025 and (ii) at the time of completion of enrollment in NATiV3  a drop-out rate of less than 30% before week 72. The second tranche of the structured financing is subject to additional conditions as set forth in the subscription agreements and there can be no guarantee that all conditions will be satisfied or that the second tranche or any further tranches of the structured financing will close on the expected timing or at all1.About NATiV3NATiV3 is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled clinical trial designed to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of lanifibranor (800mg/daily and 1200mg/daily) in 1009 adult patients with biopsy-proven non-cirrhotic MASH and F2/F3 stage of liver fibrosis. The effect of lanifibranor will be assessed on several histological endpoints  including MASH resolution and improvement of fibrosis of at least one stage after 72 weeks treatment. An exploratory cohort has enrolled 410 patients with MASH and fibrosis screen-failed on histology for the main NATiV3 clinical trial. Inventiva anticipates that this exploratory cohort may allow the generation of additional data using non-invasive tests and contribute to the regulatory safety database requirement to support the planned submission for regulatory approval of lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH. For more information about NATiV3  visit clinicaltrials.gov.About lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally available small molecule that acts to induce antifibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the only pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of MASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and preclinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company is currently evaluating lanifibranor  a novel pan-PPAR agonist  in the NATiV3 pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of adult patients with MASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). http://www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 202 499 8937 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Julia CailleteauMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 ICR HealthcarePatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@icrhealthcare.com+1 415 513 1284Important noticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to the anticipated proceeds from the second tranche of the structured financing  the satisfaction  in part or full  of the conditions precedent to closing of the second tranche of the structured financing and the timing thereof  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s NATiV3 Phase 3 clinical trial with lanifibranor in patients with MASH  including design  protocol  duration  timing and costs of Inventiva’s studies  and the results and timing thereof and regulatory matters with respect thereto  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions  approvals and commercialization  Inventiva’s pipeline and development plans  the clinical development of and regulatory plans and pathway for lanifibranor  and future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva and its partners  and the absence of material adverse events. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential”  “opportunity”  “possible”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance  or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that interim data or data from any interim analysis of ongoing clinical trials may not be predictive of future trial results  the recommendation of the DSMB may not be indicative of a potential marketing approval  Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto  Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva’s ability to obtain financing  to enter into potential transactions and Inventiva’s ability to satisfy in part or full the closing conditions for subsequent tranches of the structured financing on the expected timing or at all  and whether and to what extent the warrants issued in connection with the structured financing may be exercised and by which holders  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of lanifibranor  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and its partners’ product candidate claims  Inventiva's expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require additional holds and/or additional amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  preclinical studies and clinical development programs  including their timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions  the conflict in the Middle East and the related risk of a larger conflict  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  fluctuations in interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts  and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2023 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 3  2024 as amended on October 14  2024 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on April 3  2024 and the Half-Year Report for the six months ended June 30  2024 on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on October 15  2024 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described under the caption “Risk Factors”  and in future filings with the SEC. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.1 See Inventiva press release October 14  2024 and T1 Subscription Agreement  as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K dated October 15  2024  for further description and a copy of the structured financing agreement.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.23,0.21,True,English,"['Phase 3 NATiV3 clinical trial', 'advanced fibrosis', 'Inventiva', 'completion', 'enrollment', 'lanifibranor', 'patients', 'MASH', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial', 'balanced pan-PPAR binding profile cont', 'NATIVE Phase 2b trial', 'three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'NATiV3 Phase 3 clinical trial', 'regulatory safety database requirement', 'main NATiV3 clinical trial', 'clinical trial sites', 'nuclear receptor proteins', 'next oral therapy', 'Prof. Arun Sanyal', 'Virginia Commonwealth University', 'successful NDA filing', 'several histological endpoints', 'lead product candidate', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'New York City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'promising potential solution', 'three PPAR isoforms', 'other PPAR agonists', 'biopsy-proven non-cirrhotic MASH', 'two PPAR isoforms', 'entire Inventiva team', 'NATiV3 main cohort', 'NATiV3 trial', 'pan-PPAR agonist', 'balanced activation', 'significant milestone', 'clinical development', 'regulatory approval', 'other diseases', 'cornerstone therapy', 'Metabolic Health', 'metabolic changes', 'exploratory cohort', 'Topline results', 'second half', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'last patient', 'original target', 'Frederic Cren', 'deepest gratitude', 'major milestone', 'critical milestone', 'M.D.', 'Stravitz-Sanyal Institute', 'Liver Disease', 'principal investigator', 'compelling data', 'six months', 'strong confidence', 'unique mechanism', 'type 2 diabetes', 'second tranche', 'drop-out rate', 'subscription agreements', 'expected timing', 'long-term efficacy', 'F2/F3 stage', 'additional data', 'non-invasive tests', 'antifibrotic, anti-inflammatory', 'beneficial vascular', 'gene expression', 'potent manner', 'structured financing', 'partial activation', 'advanced fibrosis', 'liver fibrosis', 'one stage', 'Target enrollment', 'patient enrollment', 'additional conditions', 'MASH resolution', '72 weeks treatment', '1009 adult patients', 'PPARα', 'PPARδ', 'PPARγ', '1009 patients', '410 patients', 'basis', 'submission', 'Daix', 'France', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'completion', 'randomization', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'lanifibranor', 'behalf', 'investigators', 'staff', 'partners', 'collaborators', 'commitment', 'achievement', 'Director', 'action', 'tailored', 'October', 'time', 'less', 'guarantee', 'tranches', '1200mg', 'effect', 'improvement', 'histology', 'generation', 'planned', 'information', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'body', 'moderate']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3052966/0/en/dsm-firmenich-announces-share-repurchase-program-to-cover-share-plans-and-reduce-capital.html,dsm-firmenich announces share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital,Press Release  dsm-firmenich announces share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital  Kaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht......,Press Releasedsm-firmenich announces share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capitalKaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht (Netherlands)  April 1  2025dsm-firmenich  innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty announced on February 13  2025 its intention to repurchase ordinary shares with an aggregate market value of €1 billion and reduce its issued capital. This share repurchase program will start for an initial €500 million and will be increased to €1 billion upon the completion of the previously announced sale of dsm-firmenich’s stake in the Feed Enzymes Alliance.As of today  April 1  2025  the company intends to begin repurchasing ordinary shares for a total amount of €580 million  of which €80 million to cover commitments under the Group’s share-based compensation plans and €500 million to reduce its issued capital.Based on the closing price of the dsm-firmenich ordinary share on Euronext Amsterdam on March 31  2025  the total number of ordinary shares to be repurchased under this first program amounts to approximately 6.3 million shares  or 2.4% of ordinary shares issued.The share repurchase mandate will be executed in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the authority granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting. dsm-firmenich has signed a discretionary buyback contract with a bank to commence the execution of the €580 million share repurchase program on its behalf and to make trading decisions under the Agreement independently of dsm-firmenich.In accordance with regulations  dsm-firmenich will inform the market about the progress made in the execution of this program through weekly press releases. This €580 million share repurchase program will be completed no later than six months from the start date  and thereafter an additional €500 million share repurchase program is intended upon the completion of the sale of dsm-firmenich’s stake in the Feed Enzymes Alliance.For more information  please contact:dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries:Email: investors@dsm-firmenich.comdsm-firmenich media enquiries:Email: media@dsm-firmenich.comAbout dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world’s growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss company with dual headquarters in Kaiseraugst  Switzerland and Maastricht  Netherlands  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people. www.dsm-firmenich.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute or form part of  an offer or any solicitation of an offer for securities in any jurisdiction. This press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich’s future. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. This communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'share plans', 'dsm-firmenich', 'capital', 'additional €500 million share repurchase program', '€580 million share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries', 'share repurchase mandate', 'Feed Enzymes Alliance', 'Annual General Meeting', 'discretionary buyback contract', 'diverse, worldwide team', 'English language version', 'other language versions', 'aggregate market value', 'share-based compensation plans', 'weekly press releases', 'dsm-firmenich media enquiries', 'dsm-firmenich ordinary share', 'share plans', '6.3 million shares', 'first program', 'ordinary shares', 'total amount', 'closing price', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'total number', 'trading decisions', 'start date', 'vital nutrients', 'growing population', 'comprehensive range', 'renewable ingredients', 'renowned science', 'technology capabilities', 'dual headquarters', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'actual performance', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Swiss company', 'inside information', 'capital', 'Kaiseraugst', 'Switzerland', 'Maastricht', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'innovators', 'nutrition', 'health', 'beauty', 'February', 'intention', 'initial', 'completion', 'sale', 'stake', 'today', 'commitments', 'Group', 'March', 'accordance', 'limitations', 'authority', 'Board', 'Directors', 'bank', 'execution', 'behalf', 'Agreement', 'regulations', 'progress', 'six', 'Email', 'investors', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'solutions', 'natural', 'life', 'consumers', 'planet', 'operations', '60 countries', 'revenues', '30,000 employees', 'billions', 'people', 'Disclaimer', 'part', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'forward', 'respect', 'future', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'position', 'obligation', 'law', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053644/0/en/Vallourec-Availability-of-the-2024-universal-registration-document.html,Vallourec: Availability of the 2024 universal registration document,Vallourec: Availability of the2024 universal registration document      Meudon (France)  April 1st  2025    Vallourec announces the availability of its......,Vallourec: Availability of the2024 universal registration documentMeudon (France)  April 1st  2025Vallourec announces the availability of its 2024 Universal Registration Document (URD)  in accordance with applicable regulations.The French version of this document was filed with the “Autorité des marchés financiers” (AMF) on March 27th  2025 in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format) under the reference D.25-0192.The English translation of this document may be consulted on the Company’s website www.vallourec.com and at the Company’s registered office  12 rue de la Verrerie - Meudon (92190).It is equally available on the AMF website: www.amf-france.org.This document includes in particular:- the 2024 annual financial report;- the report of the Board of Directors on corporate governance;- the statutory auditors’ reports;- the statement of auditors’ fees- the description of the stock repurchase program;- the sustainability statement.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 13 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel : +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 805 65 10 10actionnaires@vallourec.com Press relationsTaddeo – Romain GrièreTel : +33 (0)7 86 53 17 29romain.griere@taddeo.frNicolas EscoulanTel: +33 (0)6 42 19 14 74nicolas.escoulan@taddeo.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2024 universal registration document', 'Vallourec', 'Availability', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', '12 rue de la Verrerie', 'new generation power plants', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'stock repurchase program', 'new technological frontiers', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'statutory auditors’ reports', '2024 annual financial report', 'Romain Grière', '2024 universal registration document', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Press relations Taddeo', 'March 27th', 'ESEF format', 'auditors’ fees', 'Investor relations', 'applicable regulations', 'French version', 'English translation', 'registered office', 'corporate governance', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'cutting edge', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Individual shareholders', 'sustainability statement', 'R&D', 'Ticker VK', 'AMF website', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Nicolas Escoulan', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'D.', 'Availability', 'Meudon', 'France', 'April', 'URD', 'accordance', 'reference', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'description', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '13,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'griere', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053623/0/en/Information-on-the-total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-31-March-2025.html,Information on the total number of shares and voting rights  31 March 2025,Ivry-sur-Seine – France  April 1  2025  Regulated information  INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS   Statement in compliance...,Ivry-sur-Seine – France  April 1  2025Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARESAND VOTING RIGHTSStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext Paris ISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) March 31  2025 29 682 146 29 682 146 28 996 122(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS / INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.43,0.57,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'March', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris ISIN Code', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Seine', 'France', 'April', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'fnacdarty', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053621/0/en/ARGAN-RENTAL-INCOME-UP-10-IN-Q1-2025.html,ARGAN: RENTAL INCOME UP +10% IN Q1 2025,Quarterly financial information – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  April 1  2025 – 5.45 pm  Rental income up +10% in the 1st quarter of 2025   Rental income......,Quarterly financial information – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  April 1  2025 – 5.45 pmRental income up +10% in the 1 st quarter of 2025Rental income (IFRS) as of March 31  2025 (unaudited figures)€ million Year 2025 Year 2024 Trend 1st quarter (Jan. – March) 52.9 48.1 +10%Rental income at €52.9 million in the 1st quarter of 2025In the 1st quarter of 2025  ARGAN  the leading French real estate company specializing in the development and rental of PREMIUM warehouses  recorded a rental income of €52.9 million  up +10% from the same period of 2024. The sustained growth in the first quarter primarily came from the full-year impact of 8 deliveries in 2024  mainly in the second half of the year  as well as rents indexation (+3.45%) on January 1  2025.On the back of first-quarter achievements  ARGAN confirmed its annual target of a +6% increase in its rental income in 2025 to €210 million1  which takes into account the negative impact of asset sales in the second half of 2025.Two deliveries in the 1st quarter of 2025In the 1st quarter of 2025  ARGAN pursued its inaugurations as part of a sustained development plan for the two coming years.This includes a logistics site delivered by ARGAN for DIMOLOG  a new brand of the DIMOTRANS group  in Bain-de-Bretagne (35)  close to Rennes  whose business is from now on operated in 3 newly delivered warehousing cells  as part of an Aut0nom®-labelled asset  for 19 500 sq.m.More exceptionally  ARGAN continued its support initiated in 2021 to a former employee for the development and financing of a farming company named “Les tomates des frères Besnard”  taking the form of an extension of an organic and eco-responsible greenhouse located in the French “Département” of Eure-et-Loire (28). For more information  please refer to page 59 of the 2024 ESG report on the website argan.fr.Increase in identified investment for 2025-2026 to €220 million  while maintaining full speed towards debt reductionARGAN recently2 announced a significant increase in its investments over 2 years (2025 and 2026)  increasing by close to +30% the already identified volume thanks to new developments concluded in the first quarter of 2025. The 11 development projects part of this plan (including the ones delivered in Q1 2025) thus represent a volume of €220 million (vs. €170 million previously) and are all pre-let to blue-chip clients  leading their respective sectors. These projects include3 acquisitions that combine around 60% of forecast investments. For each year  these break down as follows:2025: close to €105 million through four new self-development projects and one acquisition;2026: close to €115 million through two new self-development projects  two extensions and two acquisitions.As previously announced  the average yield of investments for 2025 and 2026 is about 6%  including 7% for self-developments and 5% for all acquisitions.These achievements  on the backdrop of a sluggish economic environment  testify to the relevance of ARGAN’s development model notably driven by Aut0nom®   the ‘in-use’ net carbon zero warehouse. In accordance with its strategy combining growth and debt reduction  ARGAN will self-finance its 2025-2026 developments through cash flow generated by its operations and a program of selective asset disposals  with a target amount of approximately €180 million. ARGAN is thus confirming maintaining full speed towards debt reduction by targeting an LTV ratio below 40% and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of around 8X by the end of this year.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------2025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 17: Half-year results 2025October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20252026 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 5: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2025quarter 2025 January 22: Annual results 2025March 26: General Assembly 2026About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach  ARGAN develops PREMIUM and Au0nom® -labelled – i.e.  carbon-neutral in use – pre-let warehouses for blue-chip companies  with tailor-made services throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.As at December 31  2024  ARGAN represented a portfolio of 3.7 million sq.m  with about a hundred warehouses solely located in the continental area of France. Appraised at a total of €3.9 billion  this portfolio generates a yearly rental income of close to €205 million (yearly rental income based on the portfolio delivered as at Dec. 31  2024).Profitability  well-mastered debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. The financial solidity of the Group’s model is notably reflected in its Investment-grade rating (BBB- with a stable outlook) with Standard & Poor’s. ARGAN is also deploying a committed ESG policy addressing all its stakeholders. Achievements as part of this roadmap are regularly recognized by third-party agencies such as Sustainalytics (low extra-financial risk)  Ethifinance (gold medal) and Ecovadis (sliver medal – top 15% amongst rated companies).ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comDisclaimerSome elements or statements included in this press release may contain forward looking data or prospective estimates regarding potential future events  trends  roadmaps or targets. Although ARGAN considers these forward-looking statements rely on reasonable assumptions at the time this document is released  forward looking projections and announced trends are by nature subject to risks  identified or not as of today. These can lead to significant discrepancies between actual results and those indicated or implied in elements or statements contained in this press release. For more detailed information regarding risks  readers can refer to the latest version of the Universal Registration Document of ARGAN  filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and available in a digital format on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) as well as ARGAN’s (www.argan.fr).ARGAN makes no undertaking in any form to publish updates or revise its forward-looking statements  nor to communicate new pieces of information  new future events or any other circumstances that may question these statements.1 For more information  please refer to the press release dated January 16  2025.2 For more information  please refer to the minutes of the General Assembly published on March 21  2025.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.46,0.53,True,English,"['ARGAN', 'RENTAL', 'Q1', 'leading French real estate company', 'net carbon zero warehouse', 'four new self-development projects', 'two new self-development projects', 'French “Département', 'sluggish economic environment', 'unique customer-centric approach', 'selective asset disposals', 'frères Besnard', 'Aut0nom®-labelled asset', 'two coming years', 'yearly rental income', 'Quarterly financial information', 'Trend 1st quarter', 'sustained development plan', 'farming company', 'leading player', 'new brand', 'new developments', 'asset sales', 'two extensions', '11 development projects', 'Net sales', '2025 financial calendar', '2026 financial calendar', 'financial solidity', 'net debt', 'Two deliveries', 'unaudited figures', 'same period', 'sustained growth', 'full-year impact', 'second half', 'rents indexation', 'annual target', 'negative impact', 'logistics site', 'warehousing cells', 'former employee', 'eco-responsible greenhouse', '2024 ESG report', 'full speed', 'chip clients', 'respective sectors', 'one acquisition', 'average yield', '2025-2026 developments', 'cash flow', 'target amount', 'LTV ratio', 'EBITDA ratio', 'press release', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'blue-chip companies', 'tailor-made services', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'continental area', 'Investment-grade rating', 'stable outlook', 'two acquisitions', '1 st quarter', 'first quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'debt reduction', 'hundred warehouses', 'development milestones', 'argan.fr', 'first-quarter achievements', 'DIMOTRANS group', '3.7 million sq', 'PREMIUM warehouses', 'significant increase', 'forecast investments', 'development model', 'ARGAN recently2', '2 years', '8 deliveries', '19,500 sq', '+6% increase', '3 acquisitions', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'IFRS', 'March', 'Jan.', 'January', 'back', 'account', 'inaugurations', 'DIMOLOG', 'Bain-de-Bretagne', 'Rennes', 'business', 'support', 'financing', 'tomates', 'organic', 'Loire', 'page', 'website', 'volume', 'Q1', 'self-developments', 'relevance', 'accordance', 'strategy', 'operations', 'program', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'EURONEXT', 'market', 'France', 'Au0nom®', 'December', 'portfolio', 'total', 'Dec.', 'Profitability', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'BBB', '5.45']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053622/0/en/Transgene-Appoints-Chief-Technical-Officer-CTO-to-Power-Future-Innovations.html,Transgene Appoints Chief Technical Officer (CTO) to Power Future Innovations,Dr. Simone Steiner will focus on improving the manufacturing processes of individualized immunotherapies based on myvac® platform     Strasbourg ......,Dr. Simone Steiner will focus on improving the manufacturing processes of individualized immunotherapies based on myvac® platformStrasbourg  France  April 1  2025  5:45 p.m. CET — Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  is pleased to announce the appointment of Simone Steiner  PhD  as Chief Technical Officer (CTO)  effective immediately.Dr. Steiner will be responsible for manufacturing and process development for Transgene’s innovative immunotherapy product pipeline. She will further lead the optimization of the manufacturing process for individualized neoantigen therapeutic vaccines. Simone Steiner will also be involved in the development of potential new candidates based on the myvac® platform  and in a second clinical study planned to start in Q4 2025.Dr. Steiner reports to Chairman and CEO  Alessandro Riva  and is a member of the Executive Committee.Dr. Alessandro Riva  MD  Chairman and CEO of Transgene  commented: “On behalf of the entire team  I am delighted to welcome Simone as Chief Technical Officer (CTO). She brings extensive expertise in technical innovation and the deployment of development-ready technologies that align perfectly with our mission to push the boundaries of innovative cancer treatment. With her leadership  we aim to drive transformative advancement in process and manufacturing of both myvac® therapeutic vaccines and off-the-shelf products that will significantly benefit Transgene’s asset portfolio.”Dr. Simone Steiner  Chief Technical Officer  added: “I look forward to contributing to the acceleration of the Transgene’s programs through leveraging cutting-edge technologies. With the clinical proof of principle for the individualized cancer vaccine TG4050 already established  I am thrilled to help push forward manufacturing and processes into potentially pivotal trials and start preparing commercial-scale production.Transgene stands out in the biotech space thanks to its advanced expertise in viral vectors  I look forward to collaborating with the team as we work toward bringing a new generation of cancer treatments to patients.”Biography Dr. Simone Steiner  PhDSimone Steiner  PhD  has almost 20 years of pharma experience across preclinical  clinical and commercialization gained within organizations ranging from startups to multinational Pharma companies.Prior to joining Transgene  she was the Chief Technical Operating Officer (CTOO) at T-knife Therapeutics  a biopharmaceutical company developing T cell receptor (TCR) engineered T cell therapies (TCR-T) to fight cancer  where she led technical development and manufacturing.Before her time at T-knife  Dr. Steiner was Head of Technical Development and Manufacturing at Tigen  in Switzerland  where she managed the optimization of manufacturing processes and the creation of new biopharmaceutical products.Dr. Steiner’s career also includes over ten years at Novartis  where she expanded her expertise in technical operations and manufacturing  contributing to large-scale production strategies for groundbreaking therapies.With a strong foundation in cutting-edge technologies and their implications for health  Dr. Steiner is recognized for combining scientific precision with strategic management to advance therapeutic development and manufacturing initiatives.She served as a Scientific Advisor at NegotiumAI  an innovative platform leveraging state-of-the-art AI to streamline the relationship between advanced therapy drug developers and contract manufacturers.Dr. Steiner holds a Master’s in Biochemistry  a PhD from ETH Zurich and completed a postdoctoral fellowship at the University of Alberta  Canada.***About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of viral vector-based immunotherapeutics. TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform is the Company’s lead asset  with demonstrated proof of principle in patients in the adjuvant treatment of head and neck cancers. The portfolio also includes other viral vector-based immunotherapies: TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as BT-001 and TG6050  two oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone. The Company also conducts innovative discovery and preclinical work  aimed at developing novel viral vector-based modalities.With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: X (formerly Twitter): @TransgeneSA — LinkedIn: @TransgeneContactsTransgene Contact: Transgene Media Contact: Media: MEDiSTRAVA Caroline Tosch Frazer Hall/Sylvie Berrebi Corporate Communication Manager + 44 (0)203 928 6900 +33 (0)3 68 33 27 38 transgene@medistrava.com communication@transgene.fr Lucie Larguier Chief Financial Officer Nadege Bartoli IR Analyst and Financial Communications Officer +33 (0)3 88 27 91 03/00 investorrelations@transgene.frDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Technical Officer', 'Future Innovations', 'Transgene', 'CTO', 'Power', 'advanced therapy drug developers', 'first individualized therapeutic vaccine', 'novel viral vector-based modalities', 'individualized neoantigen therapeutic vaccines', 'viral vector engineering expertise', 'other viral vector-based immunotherapies', 'Invir.IO® viral backbone', 'innovative immunotherapy product pipeline', 'Chief Technical Operating Officer', 'individualized cancer vaccine TG4050', 'viral vector-based immunotherapeutics', 'Chief Technical Officer', 'T cell receptor', 'two oncolytic viruses', 'Artificial Intelligence capabilities', 'multifunctional oncolytic viruses', 'myvac® therapeutic vaccines', 'potential new candidates', 'multinational Pharma companies', 'T cell therapies', 'large-scale production strategies', 'second clinical study', 'The myvac® approach', 'new biopharmaceutical products', 'Dr. Alessandro Riva', 'Dr. Simone Steiner', 'innovative cancer treatment', 'individualized immunotherapies', 'novel immunotherapy', 'viral vectors', 'advanced expertise', 'therapeutic vaccination', 'therapeutic development', 'innovative platform', 'innovative discovery', 'virus-based immunotherapy', 'Dr. Steiner', 'technical innovation', 'technical operations', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'shelf products', 'commercial-scale production', 'pharma experience', 'groundbreaking therapies', 'targeted immunotherapies', 'technical development', 'myvac® platform', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'extensive expertise', 'new generation', 'The Company', 'Executive Committee', 'development-ready technologies', 'transformative advancement', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'pivotal trials', 'biotech space', 'cancer treatments', 'strong foundation', 'scientific precision', 'strategic management', 'Scientific Advisor', 'contract manufacturers', 'ETH Zurich', 'postdoctoral fellowship', 'lead asset', 'neck cancers', 'HPV-positive cancers', 'preclinical work', 'precision medicine', 'patient-specific mutations', 'proprietary platform', 'biotech company', 'biotechnology company', 'adjuvant treatment', 'Euronext Paris', 'entire team', 'clinical proof', 'T-knife Therapeutics', 'ten years', 'clinical-stage programs', 'process development', 'manufacturing initiatives', 'asset portfolio', 'manufacturing processes', '20 years', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'April', 'CET', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'appointment', 'PhD', 'optimization', 'Q4', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'member', 'MD', 'behalf', 'deployment', 'mission', 'boundaries', 'leadership', 'acceleration', 'principle', 'patients', 'Biography', 'commercialization', 'organizations', 'startups', 'CTOO', 'TCR', 'time', 'Head', 'Switzerland', 'creation', 'career', 'Novartis', 'implications', 'health', 'NegotiumAI', 'state', 'relationship', 'Master', 'Biochemistry', 'University', 'Alberta', 'Canada', 'TG4001', 'BT', 'TG6050', 'field', 'partner', '5:45']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053714/0/en/Atos-appoints-Pierre-Yves-Jolivet-as-Head-of-Eviden-and-Cyber-Business.html,Atos appoints Pierre-Yves Jolivet as Head of Eviden and Cyber Business,Press Release  Atos appoints Pierre-Yves Jolivet as Head of Eviden and Cyber Business ......,Press ReleaseAtos appoints Pierre-Yves Jolivet as Head of Eviden and Cyber BusinessParis  France – April 1st  2025 – Atos Group today announces that Pierre-Yves Jolivet is appointed Executive Vice-President and Head of Eviden. Pierre-Yves will also serve as Head of Cybersecurity business  overseeing both cybersecurity services and products strategy and portfolio.Pierre-Yves is a recognized tech executive who brings a deep knowledge of the cyber  defense  and public sectors. Previously at Thales  he held positions of growing responsibilities in the Defence and Cyber markets  leading most recently as Vice-President and General Manager the Cyber Digital Business Line at Thales.Before joining Thales in 2017  he spent 13 years at the Boston Consulting Group  becoming Partner and Managing Director in charge of the Tech and Telecom practice in France  leading consulting assignments for international companies in France  EMEA and the USA.After graduating from École Polytechnique in 1996  he specialized in telecoms (Télécom Paris) and economics (Université Paris Dauphine). He began his career at Alcatel-Telspace  before spending 5 years in public office at Ministry of Finance  notably at Treasury Department (“Direction Générale du Trésor”)  where he oversaw public funding to innovative industries.Philippe Salle  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Atos Group  said: “We are delighted to welcome Pierre-Yves as the new Head of Eviden and of our Cyber business. His broad experience and deep knowledge of the industry makes him a great addition to our leadership team. I am looking forward to working with him to drive profitable growth in both areas and make a decisive contribution to Atos future successes”.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 78 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 10 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 68 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contact: globalprteam@atos.netAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Pierre-Yves Jolivet', 'Cyber Business', 'Atos', 'Head', 'Eviden', 'Direction Générale du Trésor', 'Télécom Paris', 'Cyber Digital Business Line', 'Université Paris Dauphine', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'secure information space', 'Cyber Business', 'digital transformation', 'decarbonized digital', 'consulting assignments', 'Euronext Paris', 'Cyber markets', 'Cybersecurity business', 'Press Release', 'April 1st', 'public sectors', 'growing responsibilities', 'General Manager', 'Managing Director', 'Telecom practice', 'international companies', 'École Polytechnique', 'public office', 'Treasury Department', 'public funding', 'Philippe Salle', 'broad experience', 'great addition', 'leadership team', 'profitable growth', 'decisive contribution', 'global leader', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'Executive Vice-President', 'tech executive', 'deep knowledge', 'decarbonization services', 'products strategy', 'innovative industries', 'future successes', 'Pierre-Yves Jolivet', 'cybersecurity services', 'new Head', 'Atos Group', 'Eviden', 'France', 'portfolio', 'defense', 'Thales', 'positions', 'Defence', '13 years', 'Partner', 'charge', 'EMEA', 'USA', 'telecoms', 'economics', 'career', 'Alcatel-Telspace', '5 years', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'Chairman', 'industry', 'areas', 'c.', '78,000 employees', 'cloud', 'tailored', '68 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'purpose', 'expertise', 'development', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'globalprteam', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053010/0/en/Bonduelle-Sale-of-our-packaged-salad-business-in-Germany.html,Bonduelle - Sale of our packaged salad business in Germany,"BONDUELLE   Head office: ""La Woestyne"" - 59173 Renescure - FranceBonduelle a French S.C.A (Partnership limited by Shares) with a capital of 57 102...","BONDUELLEHead office: ""La Woestyne"" - 59173 Renescure - FranceBonduelle a French S.C.A (Partnership limited by Shares) with a capital of 57 102 699 50 eurosRegistered under number : 447 250 044 ( Dunkerque Commercial and Companies Register)Press ReleaseVilleneuve d’Ascq  April 1  2025Sale of our packaged salad business in GermanyThe Bonduelle Group confirms that the assets relating to its packaged salad business in Germany have been sold to Taylor Farm on March 31  2025.The completion of the project  announced in the Transform to Win transformation plan on August 29  marks an important step towards improving the group's operating profitability. It will also enable the Bonduelle brand to maintain a strong presence in the German market through its canned and frozen food business  as well as in the packaged salad segment through a brand licence granted to the buyer.The group is also continuing to expand in the fresh delicatessen market in Europe  and is strengthening its presence in the American market with the recent launch of the Bonduelle brand in this region.The structurally loss-making packaged salad business in Germany represented sales of 60 million euros for the group.The net loss for the period from July 1  2024 to March 31  2025 will be recorded in the group's consolidated financial statements under discontinued operations in accordance with IFRS accounting rules.The gain on disposal of the assets of this business is not significant and will also be recorded in the financial statements of June 30  2025 under discontinued operations.About the Bonduelle GroupWe want to inspire the transition toward a plant-rich diet  to contribute to people’s well-being and planet health. We are a French family business with 10 409 full-time equivalent employees and we have been innovating with our farming partners since 1853. Our ready-to-use products are cultivated on 69 035 hectares and sold in nearly 100 countries  with sales of 2 371.8 million euros (data as of June 30  2024)Our 4 flagship brands are Bonduelle  Ready Pac Foods  Cassegrain  Globus.Bonduelle is listed on Euronext Paris compartment BEuronext indices: CAC MID & SMALL – CAC FOOD PRODUCERS – CAC ALL SHARESBonduelle is part of the Gaïa non-financial performance index and employees shareholder index (I.A.S.)Code ISIN: FR0000063935 - Code Reuters: BOND.PA - Code Bloomberg: BON FPPRESS CONTACTS:Benjamin ZEHNDER – Becoming + 33 (0)6 76 41 18 19 – Email : benjamin.zehnder@becoming-group.comVanessa VAZZAZ – Becoming +33 (0)6 34 32 24 23 – Email : vanessa.vazzaz@becoming-group.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['salad business', 'Bonduelle', 'Sale', 'Germany', 'Gaïa non-financial performance index', 'French S.C.A', 'Euronext Paris compartment B', 'loss-making packaged salad business', 'CAC ALL SHARES Bonduelle', 'I.A.S.', 'employees shareholder index', 'packaged salad segment', 'IFRS accounting rules', 'French family business', '10,409 full-time equivalent employees', 'Ready Pac Foods', 'CAC FOOD PRODUCERS', 'frozen food business', 'fresh delicatessen market', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Bonduelle Group', 'Euronext indices', 'CAC MID', 'German market', 'American market', 'Head office', 'La Woestyne', 'France Bonduelle', 'Dunkerque Commercial', 'Companies Register', 'Press Release', 'Taylor Farm', 'transformation plan', 'important step', 'operating profitability', 'Bonduelle brand', 'brand licence', 'recent launch', '60 million euros', 'net loss', 'plant-rich diet', 'planet health', 'farming partners', '2,371.8 million euros', '4 flagship brands', 'Code ISIN', 'Code Reuters', 'Code Bloomberg', 'BON FP', 'PRESS CONTACTS', 'Vanessa VAZZAZ', 'vanessa.vazzaz', 'strong presence', 'Benjamin ZEHNDER', '59173 Renescure', 'Partnership', 'capital', 'number', 'Villeneuve', 'Ascq', 'April', 'Sale', 'Germany', 'assets', 'March', 'completion', 'project', 'August', 'canned', 'buyer', 'Europe', 'region', 'period', 'July', 'operations', 'accordance', 'gain', 'disposal', 'June', 'transition', 'people', 'well-being', 'products', '69,035 hectares', '100 countries', 'data', 'Cassegrain', 'Globus', 'SMALL', 'Email', 'Attachment', '699', '50']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/04/01/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-sees-unusually-large-options-volume-nysearcarsp/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (NYSEARCA:RSP),Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) was the recipient of unusually large options trading on Monday. Investors acquired 38 999 put options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 121% compared to the typical daily vol…,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) was the recipient of unusually large options trading on Monday. Investors acquired 38 999 put options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 121% compared to the typical daily volume of 17 612 put options.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceRSP stock opened at $173.23 on Tuesday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a one year low of $158.83 and a one year high of $188.16. The stock has a market cap of $72.17 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.93 and a beta of 1.07. The company has a fifty day moving average price of $178.21 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $179.19.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Announces DividendThe business also recently announced a dividend  which was paid on Friday  March 28th. Investors of record on Monday  March 24th were issued a dividend of $0.8308 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday  March 24th.Institutional Investors Weigh In On Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFInvesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileSeveral hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Milestone Asset Management Group LLC bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter valued at about $1 645 000. Fire Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter worth $4 288 000. Mascagni Wealth Management Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter valued at $1 140 000. Prostatis Group LLC lifted its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 5.7% during the 4th quarter. Prostatis Group LLC now owns 21 161 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3 708 000 after acquiring an additional 1 134 shares during the period. Finally  Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 17.9% during the 4th quarter. Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC now owns 612 351 shares of the company’s stock worth $107 302 000 after purchasing an additional 92 956 shares in the last quarter.(Get Free Report)Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,positive,0.64,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Large Options Volume', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'fifty day moving average price', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC', 'Milestone Asset Management Group LLC', 'Mascagni Wealth Management Inc.', 'Fire Capital Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Prostatis Group LLC', 'typical daily volume', 'Several hedge funds', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'Get Free Report', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'large options', '38,999 put options', '612 put options', 'one year', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'ex-dividend date', 'new stake', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'new position', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'Institutional Investors', 'additional 1,134 shares', 'additional 92,956 shares', 'RSP stock', '21,161 shares', '612,351 shares', 'recipient', 'Monday', 'increase', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'business', 'Friday', 'March', 'record', 'period', 'holdings', 'transportation', '17']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,etfdailynews.com
49833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053024/0/en/Tarkett-unveils-industry-first-sustainability-statement-in-line-with-new-EU-legislation.html,Tarkett unveils industry-first sustainability statement in line with new EU legislation,PARIS  FRANCE  April 1  2025 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  releases......,"PARIS  FRANCE  April 1  2025 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  releases today its 2024 Sustainability Statement  fully audited by independent third parties. Tarkett is the first global company in its sector to meet new EU CSRD legislation (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive).“The European CSRD legislation is a major step forward in paving the way for greater corporate social and environmental responsibility. This establishes a common sustainability framework for all companies. For Tarkett  it has been an accelerator to help us identify our most material issues. By using relevant methodologies to reduce our impacts and assess the risks  we accelerated our progress on ESG. As part of our ambitious 2030 climate roadmap  we have already reduced greenhouse gas emissions across our whole value chain – scope 1  2  3 – by 23% in the last five years "" said Fabrice Barthélemy  CEO of Tarkett.Early in 2023  Tarkett’s climate roadmap was approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The company is also listed in the annual Europe’s Climate Leaders Ranking by Financial Times and Statista. In September 2024  Tarkett was awarded a Platinum Medal by EcoVadis  placing the company in the top 1% of 130 000 companies rated in 180 countries. Most recently  in February 2025  Tarkett joined the renowned A list  ranking among the top 2% of 24 800 companies rated by CDP on climate performance.Tarkett’s major sustainability achievements during last year are:157 000 tons of recycled materials were used in production in 2024   representing 19% of raw materials . The goal is to reach 30% recycled content in products by 2030.Tarkett carefully selects raw materials not contributing to resource scarcity. 69% of raw materials are renewable  abundant or recycled.Tarkett’s take-back and recycling program ReStart ® is deployed in 29 countries across 5 continents. Over the past 1 4 years  ReStart ® has enabled the collect ion of 1 24  000 tons (the equivalent of 12 Eiffel Towers ) of end-of-life flooring .Tarkett has continue d to expand it s partnership with Ingka Group (IKEA) . 70  000 m² of end-of-life vinyl flooring has been recovered from IKEA stores in 13 European countries in the last 5 years   versus 8 European countries in 2022 . This material has been transformed into new flooring at Tarkett ’s vinyl recycling cent er in Ronneby  Sweden   avoiding a total of 700 tons of greenhouse gas emissions.Tarkett Sports’ infill regeneration facilities based in Pennsylvania and Oregon (USA) have collected and recovered 11 700 tons of infill for reuse in new projects in 2024.Committed to diversity & inclusion  the share of women in management positions reached 29% in 202 4   very close to achieving our 2025 target of 30%.Find out more about our milestones in Tarkett’s 2024 sustainability magazine: https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/tarkett-launches-sustainability-magazine/Discover our 2024 Universal Registration Document which includes the sustainability statement  chapter 3: https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/tarkett-unveils-industry-first-sustainability-statement-in-line-with-new-eu-legislation/Media ContactTarkett – communication@tarkett.comOgilvy – emmeline.jacob@ogilvy.com – +33 6 79 39 75 04Ogilvy – marceau.barbedette@ogilvy.com – + 33 6 01 16 08 94About TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating turnover of € 3.3 billion in 2024. The Group has close to 12 000 employees  24 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 35 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.comAttachment",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,negative,0.01,0.46,0.53,True,English,"['industry-first sustainability statement', 'new EU legislation', 'Tarkett', 'line', 'Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'vinyl recycling cent er', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'new EU CSRD legislation', 'greater corporate social', 'independent third parties', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Fabrice Barthélemy', 'renowned A list', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext regulated market', 'European CSRD legislation', 'Climate Leaders Ranking', '24 R&D centers', 'common sustainability framework', 'life vinyl flooring', 'sports surface solutions', 'most material issues', 'ambitious 2030 climate roadmap', 'major sustainability achievements', 'first global company', 'Media Contact Tarkett', 'last five years', 'Tarkett Sports’ infill', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'life flooring', 'recycling program', 'major step', 'climate performance', 'new flooring', '2024 Sustainability Statement', '2024 sustainability magazine', 'last year', 'last 5 years', 'new projects', 'sustainable flooring', 'world leader', 'environmental responsibility', 'relevant methodologies', 'value chain', 'annual Europe', 'Financial Times', 'Platinum Medal', 'recycled materials', 'raw materials', '30% recycled content', 'resource scarcity', 'past 1 4 years', 'collect ion', '12 Eiffel Towers', 'regeneration facilities', 'management positions', 'worldwide leader', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'Ingka Group', '13 European countries', '8 European countries', '35 production sites', 'The Group', 'The Way', 'tarkett‐group', 'IKEA stores', '140 years', '180 countries', '29 countries', '100 countries', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'April', 'innovative', 'sector', 'companies', 'accelerator', 'impacts', 'risks', 'progress', 'ESG', 'scope', 'CEO', 'SBTi', 'Statista', 'September', 'EcoVadis', 'February', 'CDP', '157,000 tons', 'goal', 'products', 'take-back', 'ReStart ®', '5 continents', '1 24 ,000 tons', 'equivalent', 'partnership', '70 ,000 m²', 'Ronneby', 'Sweden', 'total', '700 tons', 'Pennsylvania', 'Oregon', 'USA', 'reuse', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'share', 'women', '2025 target', 'milestones', 'tarkett-group', 'tarkett-launches', 'sustainability-magazine', 'chapter', 'tarkett-unveils', 'industry', 'first-sustainability-statement', 'line', 'communication', 'Ogilvy', 'jacob', 'marceau', 'barbedette', 'history', 'turnover', 'close', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'customers', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4126493.html,Accor Drives Unprecedented Growth and Record Performance in New Signings,Accor  a global hospitality leader  is pleased to share an overview of its 2024 development activity and growth prospects for 2025 and beyond.,On new signings  Accor achieved record performance last year  setting the stage for further expansion in 2025.In 2024  Accor expanded its portfolio with the opening of 293 hotels and resorts  adding 50 000 rooms.Growing trends such as conscious travel  bleisure and gig tripping present significant growth opportunities.58% of Accor’s new hotel projects in 2024 were conversions with brands like Emblems  MGallery  Mondrian  Handwritten Collection  Mercure and TRIBE leading the waySupported by its fast-growing loyalty program ALL  Accor is uniquely positioned to lead in the evolving travel landscape.PARIS - Accor  a global hospitality leader  is pleased to share an overview of its 2024 development activity and growth prospects for 2025 and beyond.Record performance in 2024  sets the stage for continued growth in 2025Accor expanded its portfolio with the opening of 293 hotels and resorts in 2024  adding an impressive 50 000 rooms. As a result  Accor’s global network now comprises over 5 680 hotels and 850 000 rooms in operation  with an additional 1 381 properties and 233 000 rooms in the pipeline. In the last five years  the Group’s pipeline has continued to increase in value at a significantly quicker pace than in volume  further enriching the quality of its global hotel portfolio.The company’s development performance was particularly robust across MEA APAC in 2024. The Middle East and Asian markets continue to grow at pace and  in 2025  over 60% of Accor’s planned openings are focused within this part of the world.Travel remains a significant consumer spending priority  with 75% of travelers considering leisure trips to be an important priority versus other discretionary categories. Gig tripping  conscious travel particularly among younger generations seeking longer stays  and a preference for alternative and less crowded destinations are all emerging consumer trends which present continued growth opportunities. Sustained demand for resorts catering to both leisure and business travelers  driven by the increasing popularity of bleisure travel  is another key demand driver.Sustainability remains a core tenet of Accor’s development strategy. By the end of 2024  36% of Accor hotels had been eco-certified. This represents progress of +330% vs end of 2023 (from 480 hotels to over 2000 hotels at end 2024). In 2024  conversion was favored over new build construction with 58% of Accor’s worldwide new development projects representing conversion projects. New hotels and collaborations prioritized ethical considerations and achieved success while minimizing overall environmental impact  aligned with the Group’s sustainability commitment.Supported by its fast-growing loyalty program ALL  which recently celebrated the milestone of hitting100 million members  Accor is uniquely positioned to lead in the evolving travel landscape with the hospitality industry’s most diverse network of brands and a sustainability mindset. The Group is poised to deliver further development portfolio growth in this market environment.Market Leadership and Brand Strength with Premium  Midscale & EconomyAccor continues to strengthen its Premium  Midscale & Economy (PM&E) Division with a targeted approach to growth  focused on iconic brands such as Pullman  Novotel and ibis and expansion opportunities in sought-after destinations. With Mercure reaching the 1 000 milepost in 2024  upcoming 2025 breakthroughs include ibis opening in its 80th country and ibis Styles surpassing the 700-hotel mark.In 2024  openings across these segments included additions such as Pullman Budapest Hotel  Swissôtel Poiana Brasov  Novotel Istanbul Bomonti  and ibis Jakarta Raden Saleh. This sustained growth highlights Accor's strategic positioning in the premium  midscale and economy categories and its ability to capitalize on travel trends for ongoing success.For example  Accor’s TRIBE brand caters to the demand for design-led  experience-driven hospitality at an accessible price. The rapidly expanding brand launched new locations such as Budapest and Bangkok in 2024  offering social and flexible spaces tailored for the modern traveler. With a total of 20 hotels open and another 40 in the pipeline  TRIBE is uniquely poised to capture opportunities from this rising traveler trend.Handwritten Collection is another Accor brand that has quickly gained traction and has an ambitious global growth trajectory. Launched in 2023  the brand is a collection of carefully curated hotels that celebrate the warmth and character of their dedicated hosts. With over 25 hotels already in operation worldwide  including leading cities such as Paris  Krakow  San Francisco  Sydney  and Singapore  the brand will see its European footprint grow substantially with more than 10 hotels expected to come online over the coming months.With Accor’s premium hotel signings growing by an impressive +150% since 2019  the segment continues to show strength  with the Group’s premium footprint now representing more than 500 hotels globally. This achievement demonstrates the momentum of brands such as Pullman  Swissôtel  Mövenpick  and Grand Mercure  each redefining their hospitality offering with distinct character  deep cultural roots  and elevated guest experiences.As Accor boldly expands its premium brands across Europe  it is also enhancing its presence in the resorts category with openings this year such as Mövenpick Resort & Residences Teuta Bay  Montenegro and Pullman Okol Golf Resort & Spa  Bulgaria  both scheduled to open in late 2025. Each resort will include state-of-the-art facilities and multifaceted experiences integrating wellness  gastronomy and entertainment. Strategically located in high-growth leisure markets  these resorts will benefit from strong international tourism demand and favorable investment conditions. With a robust pipeline  Accor’s premium portfolio continues to deliver high-end guest experiences  making it the top choice for both investors and travelers seeking meaningful  immersive hospitality.Accor’s growth across the PM&E segments in 2025 is set to continue. By tapping into emerging trends like conscious travel and bleisure  Accor aims to enhance its offerings and cater to the evolving needs of today’s travelers.Accor’s premium  midscale and economy brands experienced exceptional momentum in 2024  with strong demand fueling expansion across key markets. Iconic brands like Pullman  Novotel and ibis are a driving force in our Group’s overall growth and are foundational to our PM&E division. Considering current industry fundamentals  hotel conversion is also a major focus of our strategy with many of our most conversion-friendly brands like Handwritten Collection  Mercure and TRIBE leading the way. With a strong pipeline  a diversified brand portfolio  and an owner-centric approach  Accor is best positioned to drive the next wave of hospitality growth in 2025 and beyond. Camil Yazbeck  Chief Development Officer  Premium  Midscale & EconomyStrategic Acceleration in Luxury & LifestyleAccor’s luxury portfolio - which has grown in both volume and value and counts landmark hotels such as Raffles London at The OWO; The Plaza  A Fairmont Managed Hotel in New York; Sofitel Roma Villa Borghese in Italy; and Hôtel des Arts Saigon - MGallery Collection in Vietnam among its unrivalled portfolio - continues to expand in key markets and highly coveted destinations.Some notable luxury openings for the Group over the last 12 months have included Raffles Sentosa Singapore; Raffles Jaipur in India; Fairmont La Hacienda Costa del Sol in Spain; Fairmont Breakers Long Beach in California; Sofitel Cairo Downtown Nile in Egypt; and Chengdu Expo Waterfall Hotel- MGallery Collection in China.On the lifestyle front  Ennismore represents the Group’s presence in this rapidly growing category. Ennismore’s Delano Dubai  Rixos Tersane Istanbul  Hyde Johannesburg and 25hours Hotel The Oddbird in Jakarta have recently opened as key flagships for the Group.On average  Accor’s Luxury & Lifestyle (L&L) division opened one hotel project per week and approximately six projects were signed per month. The Group has a robust pipeline of over 280 L&L properties in development and the focus remains on high-value brands and strategic partnerships with hotel owners.2024 saw continued signings momentum across Accor’s L&L brands  with Sofitel in particular boasting 12 new signings in the year such as Sofitel Legend The Mozart in Prague  Czech Republic. Other notable successes include the signing of Raffles Tokyo  Japan: popular urban destinations such as Tokyo continue to be in high demand  while resort and nature destinations are thriving due to a strong desire among travelers for connection with local culture and outdoor experiences.Mexico and the Caribbean are also key markets for the Group’s development of resort and all-inclusive offerings. In late 2024  Ennismore signed and opened SLS Playa Mujeres  the brand’s first all-inclusive resort set on Mexico’s Yucatán Peninsula. Ennismore also signed The Hoxton Oslo and Melbourne  25hours Heart of Khobar  Mama Lake Como and Rixos Phu Quoc to name just a few.Last year  Accor also secured record activity through Accor One Living  an industry-first platform focused on the development  design  and operation of mixed-use projects and branded homeowner communities. The Group  which is #2 hospitality player in branded residences worldwide  now services and supports 7 000+ homeowners at close to 50 branded residence communities operating across 25+ distinct brand offerings.The Group also witnessed a high pace of conversion across its L&L division  driven by collection icons MGallery and Emblems  with 55+ hotels sitting collectively across their development pipelines. MGallery’s expansion includes the recent opening of Marival Armony Punta Mita – MGallery Collection in Mexico earlier this year and an upcoming debut in the Caribbean with The Whimsy Hotel – MGallery Collection in Saint Martin. Meanwhile  Emblems Collection recently signed Elatos Resort  a luxurious chalet set in the heart of Greece's alpine wilderness  which is set to reopen in the second half of 2026.Finally  one of the travel industry’s most anticipated 2025 events is the relaunch of the legendary Orient Express  a centenary brand with deep cultural significance. This presents a significant milestone  with the first trains set to embark in April 2025. The launch will coincide with the debut of Orient Express La Minerva in Rome which will also open and play a key part in the iconic brand’s revival. And earlier this month  the Group signed other coveted locations in Italy: Raffles - Raffles Lake Como - marking the brand’s fifth hotel in Europe – and Hotel Bellevue Cortina d’Ampezzo  Emblems Collection.Accor’s luxury and lifestyle portfolio remains unmatched  and 2024 marked a year of remarkable progress. With strong momentum in high-potential markets  we have expanded the footprint of our highly sought after brands  accelerated conversions  and introduced new  elevated experiences. Our strategy continues to be driven by a vision of creating meaningful and transformative guest experiences while maximizing value for our owners and partners. As we build on this success  we remain committed to shaping the future of luxury and lifestyle hospitality in 2025 and beyond. Agnès Roquefort  Chief Development Officer  Luxury & LifestyleStrategically Positioned to Leverage Market Opportunities in 2025 and BeyondThe Group is focused on driving innovation and expanding its footprint in 2025  with a lineup of key openings and a robust development pipeline that includes a strong presence in key growth markets such as Asia  Africa  and the Middle East. Accor’s strategy centers on tapping into these regions with a targeted focus  including luxury resorts and lifestyle hotels that cater to evolving consumer demands  such as sustainable travel and multi-purpose spaces.The momentum in 2024 and excitement around 2025 underscores the Group’s determination to redefine and invigorate the hospitality experience.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Alexis BlottiereSenior Communication ManagerAccor,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Unprecedented Growth', 'Record Performance', 'New Signings', 'Accor', 'Swissôtel Poiana Brasov', 'significant consumer spending priority', 'ibis Jakarta Raden Saleh', 'ambitious global growth trajectory', 'worldwide new development projects', 'last five years', 'overall environmental impact', 'hitting100 million members', 'PM&E) Division', 'emerging consumer trends', 'new hotel projects', 'growing loyalty program', 'global hospitality leader', 'new build construction', 'design-led, experience-driven hospitality', 'The Middle East', 'other discretionary categories', 'rising traveler trend', 'significant growth opportunities', 'evolving travel landscape', 'global hotel portfolio', 'less crowded destinations', 'key demand driver', 'Novotel Istanbul Bomonti', 'premium hotel signings', 'continued growth opportunities', 'development portfolio growth', 'Pullman Budapest Hotel', 'new signings', 'Growing trends', 'global network', 'important priority', 'hospitality industry', 'new locations', '2024 development activity', 'development performance', 'development strategy', 'growth prospects', 'conversion projects', 'sustained growth', 'modern traveler', 'premium footprint', 'travel trends', 'conscious travel', 'record performance', 'gig tripping', 'additional 1,381 properties', 'MEA APAC', 'Asian markets', 'younger generations', 'longer stays', 'Sustained demand', 'increasing popularity', 'core tenet', 'ethical considerations', 'diverse network', 'market environment', 'Market Leadership', 'targeted approach', 'upcoming 2025 breakthroughs', '80th country', 'ibis Styles', '700-hotel mark', 'strategic positioning', 'accessible price', 'flexible spaces', 'dedicated hosts', 'leading cities', 'San Francisco', 'European footprint', 'coming months', 'New hotels', 'economy categories', 'The Group', 'expansion opportunities', 'Handwritten Collection', 'sustainability commitment', 'sustainability mindset', 'expanding brand', 'bleisure travel', 'quicker pace', 'leisure trips', 'business travelers', 'ongoing success', 'impressive 50,000 rooms', 'iconic brands', 'Brand Strength', 'TRIBE brand', 'Accor brand', 'Accor hotels', '850,000 rooms', '233,000 rooms', '293 hotels', '5,680 hotels', '480 hotels', '2000 hotels', '20 hotels', '25 hotels', '10 hotels', '500 hotels', 'stage', 'opening', 'resorts', 'conversions', 'Emblems', 'MGallery', 'Mondrian', 'Mercure', 'way', 'fast', 'PARIS', 'overview', 'result', 'operation', 'pipeline', 'value', 'volume', 'quality', 'company', 'part', 'preference', 'alternative', 'progress', 'collaborations', 'milestone', 'Midscale', '1,000 milepost', 'segments', 'additions', 'example', 'Bangkok', 'social', 'total', 'traction', 'warmth', 'character', 'Krakow', 'Sydney', 'Singapore', 'achievement', 'momentum']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,hospitalitynet.org
49835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3052973/0/en/ONWARD-Medical-Reports-Full-Year-2024-Financial-and-Operating-Results-and-Shares-2025-Year-to-Date-Highlights.html,ONWARD Medical Reports Full Year 2024 Financial and Operating Results and Shares 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights,ONWARD Medical Reports Full Year 2024 Financial and Operating Results and Shares 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights......,"Received FDA authorization and recorded first commercial sales of ARC-EX SystemSecured strategic investment from Ottobock and extended cash runway for two yearsGained exclusive rights to premier brain-computer interface technologyEINDHOVEN  The Netherlands  April 01  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and other movement disabilities  today announces its Full Year 2024 Financial and Operating Results.""2024 was a transformative year for ONWARD®  highlighted by our FDA De Novo authorization and first commercial sales of the ARC-EX® System "" said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD Medical. ""We strengthened our balance sheet  welcomed Ottobock as a strategic investor and partner  and advanced our technology portfolio by gaining exclusive rights to a premier brain-computer interface (BCI) technology. Our US commercial launch is underway  marking the next chapter in our mission to deliver life-changing therapies to people with spinal cord injuries.""Full Year 2024 and Year-to-Date 2025 HighlightsClinical and DevelopmentIn January 2024  the Company announced the expansion of its HemON clinical feasibility study with the addition of Sint Maartenskliniek in the Netherlands. This additional site prepares the Company for the expected 1H 2025 initiation of a global pivotal trial called Empower BP to assess the safety and efficacy of ARC-IM ® Therapy to improve blood pressure stability.Therapy to improve blood pressure stability. In February 2024  the Company announced it has been awarded Breakthrough Device Designation (BDD) by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the investigational ARC-BCI ® System  which uses brain-computer interface (BCI) technology in conjunction with its investigational ARC-IM Therapy to restore thought-driven lower limb mobility after SCI  creating the ONWARD DigitalBridge™. This is the Company’s tenth BDD.System  which uses brain-computer interface (BCI) technology in conjunction with its investigational ARC-IM Therapy to restore thought-driven lower limb mobility after SCI  creating the ONWARD DigitalBridge™. This is the Company’s tenth BDD. In March 2024  ONWARD was accepted into the US FDA’s new Total Product Lifecycle Advisory Program (TAP) for the development of its ARC-BCI System  becoming only the second BCI company to join the program.In April 2024  the Company announced it had submitted a De Novo application to the US FDA to obtain regulatory authorization to begin marketing its non-invasive ARC-EX System in the United States. Authorization was awarded in Q4 2024.In May 2024  the Company announced the publication of its Up-LIFT pivotal trial results in Nature Medicine. The study achieved all primary and secondary safety and effectiveness endpoints  and ARC-EX Therapy demonstrated significant improvements in upper limb strength  function  and sensation among people with chronic tetraplegia due to cervical SCI*.In July 2024  the Company announced a publication in Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface  summarizing effective stimulation parameters informed by the Up-LIFT and LIFT Home studies  and a decision-making framework for clinical implementation of ARC-EX Therapy  summarizing effective stimulation parameters informed by the Up-LIFT and LIFT Home studies  and a decision-making framework for clinical implementation of ARC-EX Therapy.In September 2024  renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Jocelyne Bloch performed another successful implant of the ARC-BCI System at Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois (CHUV) in Lausanne  Switzerland.Also in September 2024  the Company announced a USD 1.1M grant from the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation to expand an ongoing clinical feasibility study exploring the use of ARC-BCI Therapy to restore thought-driven use of the hands and arms after SCI. The grant will support four additional study participants to be implanted with the ARC-BCI System.In October 2024  ONWARD signed an exclusive license with the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) to develop and commercialize the investigational WIMAGINE ® BCI as part of the Company’s ARC-BCI System. This exclusive license positions the Company to be first to market with a BCI-enabled system to restore thought-driven movement after paralysis.BCI as part of the Company’s ARC-BCI System. This exclusive license positions the Company to be first to market with a BCI-enabled system to restore thought-driven movement after paralysis. In November 2024  the Company announced a grant from the European Innovation Council (EIC) to study the use of ARC-BCI Therapy to restore upper limb movement after stroke.In December 2024  the Company’s De Novo application was granted by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Company received market authorization for its ARC-EX System.In February 2025  results from the investigator-sponsored Pathfinder2 Study were published in Neuromodulation: Technology at Neural Interface  highlighting the benefits of sustained access (at least one year) to ARC-EX Therapy.In March 2025  the Company announced two new grants to support studies using its ONWARD ARC-IM System to help people with Parkinson's disease: A USD 1M grant from The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research to address mobility challenges and a US Department of Defense grant of ~USD 1.5M to address blood pressure instability.Also in March 2025  the Company announced the first-in-human use of its investigational ARC-IM Lumbar Lead  designed to be used as part of the ARC-IM System to restore standing  stepping  and lower limb mobility.Intellectual PropertyIn 2024  ONWARD added 20 patents to its IP portfolio. It now has more than 150 issued patents  excluding EP country validations. Including EP country validations  the Company exited 2024 with more than 290 issued patents  strengthening the Company’s first-mover advantage.Commercial Developments and Industry RecognitionIn October  the Company’s ARC-EX System was named one of TIME Magazine’s Best Inventions of 2024.In December 2024  the Company earned the first commercial sales of its ARC-EX System to UW Medicine (University of Washington) and Next Steps Chicago  a community-based rehabilitation clinic.In January 2025  the Company’s ARC-EX System was added to US Veterans Affairs (VA) online procurement platforms  allowing the VA and other government agencies to purchase the breakthrough technology. This is the first major benefit resulting from the Company's partnership with Lovell Government Services  a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB).CorporateIn February 2024  the Company announced that KBC Securities initiated research coverage with a Buy rating.In March 2024  the Company completed a EUR 20M equity financing that strengthened its balance sheet to support investments in product development  clinical studies  and operational and commercial capabilities.In April 2024  the Company announced that Stifel  a US-based full-service investment bank  had initiated research coverage with a Buy rating. The Company now has five banks providing equity research coverage  each with Buy ratings.In June 2024  the Company signed a debt financing agreement for up to EUR 52.5M with US-based lender Runway Growth Capital.In July 2024  the Company published its 2023 Annual Sustainability Summary  underscoring its commitment to integrating responsible and sustainable practices into all aspects of its business.In September 2024  the Company added a Euronext Paris listing  highlighting the Company’s strong French roots and significant ties to France  including its close partnership with CEA (see Clinical and Development section above).In October 2024  the Company announced medtech leader Rob ten Hoedt  former Medtronic President and Executive Committee member and longtime Chairman of MedTech Europe  joined its Board of Directors as incoming Chairman (he was elevated to Chairman in December 2024).Also in October 2024  the Company successfully raised EUR 50M including a cornerstone investment from Ottobock SE & Co.  a global leader in prosthetics  orthotics  and exoskeleton technology. Ottobock acquired c.10% of ONWARD Medical N.V.’s share capital  initiating a strategic relationship to support the Company’s commercialization of the ARC-EX System and other important development  clinical  and commercial activities.In December 2024  the Company was awarded a silver medal by EcoVadis  the world’s largest provider of business sustainability ratings. The award placed ONWARD in the top 15% of companies assessed by EcoVadis that year.FinancialThe Company ended the year with net cash of EUR 60.0M compared to EUR 29.8M at year end 2023.For 2024  the Company reported an operating loss of EUR 34.9M compared to EUR 35.5M in 2023.In EUR millionsFor the twelve-month period ended December 31 20241 2023 Total Revenues & Other Income 1.7 0.5 Total Operating Expenses (36.6 ) (36.0 ) Operating Loss for the Period (34.9 ) (35.5 ) Net Finance Expenses (0.9 ) (0.6 ) Income Tax Expenses 0.0 (0.1 ) Net Loss for the Period (35.7 ) (36.2 ) At 31 Dec 20241 31 Dec 2023 Cash position at the end of the period 60.0 29.8 Interest Bearing Loans (14.0 ) (15.3 ) Equity 48.1 17.91 2024 results are unauditedTotal Revenues & Other IncomeOther Income  mainly grant income  increased to EUR 1.7M (2023: EUR 0.5M). In 2024  the Company successfully negotiated an amendment with the European Innovation Council and was able to secure replacement funding from the Swiss State Agency (SERI) for activities conducted in Switzerland. As a result  grant income has been recognized in 2024 to reflect progress on the grant-funded Reverse Paralysis program from inception through the end of 2024. This recognition represents ~EUR 1M of the 2024 income. After FDA clearance on 19 December 2024 the Company realized the sale of 2 ARC-EX Systems  generating EUR 77K in revenue.Total Operating ExpensesOperating Expenses in 2024 reflect the Company's transition towards commercialization  with anticipated shifts in spending to reflect evolving activities. Research & Development (R&D) expenses decreased by 10% to EUR 12.4M due to lower external costs. Clinical & Regulatory expenses remained relatively stable  decreasing by 3% to EUR 4.8M  and were comprised of costs related to the FDA submission for the ARC-EX System and preparations for the ARC-IM System Empower BP global pivotal study. Marketing & Market Access expenses increased by 14% to EUR 3.4M  reflecting expanded sales and marketing efforts in anticipation of US commercialization. Quality Assurance expenses saw a 38% increase to EUR 2.0M to support regulatory compliance and manufacturing activities for the ARC-EX System. General & Administrative expenses rose by 11% to EUR 12.6M due to investments in manufacturing  supply chain  and operational infrastructure  along with one-time bonus compensation to reward fundraising successes. Patent fees remained stable  comprising costs to maintain the Company’s intellectual property portfolio and including costs to secure exclusive rights to Clinatec’s BCI technology.Net Finance ExpensesNet Finance expense increased from EUR 0.6M in 2023 to EUR 0.9M in 2024. Interest expense is divided between the innovation loan from the RVO NL that was repaid in July 2024 and replaced with the first tranche of the growth debt facility from Runway Growth. The Company continued to invest excess cash in short-term deposits with stable and reputable banks yielding interest income.Net Loss for the PeriodThe Company realized a Net Loss for the period of EUR 35.7M versus EUR 36.2M in 2023  driven by higher grant income and lower operating expenses.Net Cash PositionThe Company ended the year 2024 with a net cash position of EUR 60.0M (2023: EUR 29.8M). Cash outflow from operating activities decreased from EUR 32.2M in 2023 to EUR 31.0M in 2024  driven by higher grant income and changes in working capital. Cash flow from financing activities reflects the two rounds of equity financing net of transaction costs. As mentioned above  the Company also repaid the Innovation loan from RVO NL and replaced it with the first tranche of the growth debt facility from Runway Growth.2025 OutlookWe expect to achieve several important milestones in 2025:Engineering  Clinical  and Regulatory DevelopmentsThe Company has a robust pipeline of indications that can be pursued using one or more of its technology platforms. These indications primarily target spinal cord injury  but several also show promise in potentially addressing movement or functional challenges resulting from Parkinson’s disease  stroke  and other movement disabilities. The Company expects to announce major advancements in this pipeline  including first-in-human use of its technology for new indications and/or populations.In 1H 2025  the Company plans to submit a 510(k) application to the US FDA to expand the ARC-EX System label to include use in the home setting  building on the current authorization for use in the clinic setting.In 1H 2025  the Company expects to publish detailed results from ongoing clinical feasibility studies exploring the use of the ARC-IM System to stabilize blood pressure after spinal cord injury.In 1H 2025  the Company anticipates receiving an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) from FDA so it can begin its global pivotal trial for the ARC-IM System  called Empower BP.In 1H 2025  the Company expects to submit an application for CE Mark certification so it can begin commercializing the ARC-EX System in Europe and other CE Mark countries in 2H 2025 and 2026.In 2025  the Company expects to initiate a clinical feasibility study involving first-in-human use of the ARC-IM System to explore the potential to restore bladder function in people with SCI.In 2025  the Company expects to advance its research pipeline with additional ARC-IM System implants with financial support from the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research and US Department of Defense  and additional ARC-BCI implants financially supported by the European Innovation Council and the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation.Commercial DevelopmentsIn 2H 2025 pending FDA authorization  the Company anticipates it will begin marketing the ARC-EX System for use in the home setting  an expansion that would significantly broaden access and treatment options for people with SCI.In 2H 2025 and 2026 pending CE Mark certification  the Company plans to expand marketing of the ARC-EX System to Europe and other select geographies.In 2025  the Company plans to expand its US field organization. It also plans to establish direct and indirect sales channels outside the US.Conference Call & WebcastONWARD Medical will host a conference call with a live webcast today  April 1  2025  at 2:00 pm CET / 8:00 am EDT. The 2024 Full Year Report and webcast will be accessible on the Financial Information page of the Company’s website. To join the webcast via Zoom  please register using this link.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with SCI and other movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical research  and clinical studies conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The Company’s ARC-EX System is now cleared for commercial sale in the US. In addition  the Company is developing an investigational implantable system called ARC-IM with and without an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in the Netherlands  the Company has a Science and Engineering Center in Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  Brussels  and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.To be kept informed about the Company’s technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.For Media Inquiries:media@onwd.comFor Investor Inquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  delays in regulatory approvals  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Trademarks: ONWARD  ARC-EX  ARC-IM  ARC-BCI  and the stylized O-Logo are proprietary and registered trademarks of ONWARD Medical. Unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.*ARC-EX Indication for Use (US): The ARC-EX System is intended to deliver programmed  transcutaneous electrical spinal cord stimulation in conjunction with functional task practice in the clinic to improve hand sensation and strength in individuals between 18 and 75 years old that present with a chronic  non-progressive neurological deficit resulting from an incomplete spinal cord injury (C2-C8 inclusive).Other Investigational Products: All other ONWARD Medical devices and therapies including ARC-IM and ARC-BCI are investigational and not available for commercial use.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['ONWARD Medical Reports', 'Operating Results', 'Date Highlights', 'Year', 'Financial', 'Shares', 'new Total Product Lifecycle Advisory Program', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'driven lower limb mobility', 'four additional study participants', 'HemON clinical feasibility study', 'ongoing clinical feasibility study', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Up-LIFT pivotal trial results', 'premier brain-computer interface technology', 'FDA De Novo authorization', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'global pivotal trial', 'De Novo application', 'effective stimulation parameters', 'upper limb strength', 'investigator-sponsored Pathfinder2 Study', 'first commercial sales', 'blood pressure stability', 'Breakthrough Device Designation', 'LIFT Home studies', 'Dr. Jocelyne Bloch', 'Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois', 'Dana Reeve Foundation', 'French Alternative Energies', 'Atomic Energy Commission', 'European Innovation Council', 'upper limb movement', 'other movement disabilities', 'US commercial launch', 'investigational WIMAGINE ® BCI', 'investigational ARC-IM Therapy', 'USD 1.1M grant', 'Full Year 2024 Financial', 'non-invasive ARC-EX System', 'investigational ARC-BCI ® System', 'medical technology company', 'second BCI company', 'life-changing therapies', 'additional site', 'ARC-IM ® Therapy', 'Neural Interface', 'clinical implementation', 'BCI) technology', 'Operating Results', 'technology portfolio', 'ARC-EX Therapy', 'ARC-BCI Therapy', 'ARC-EX® System', 'ARC-BCI System', 'FDA authorization', 'US Food', 'US FDA', 'regulatory authorization', 'thought-driven movement', 'market authorization', 'BCI-enabled system', 'strategic investment', 'cash runway', 'two years', 'exclusive rights', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'transformative year', 'Dave Marver', 'balance sheet', 'strategic investor', 'next chapter', 'Sint Maartenskliniek', '1H 2025 initiation', 'Drug Administration', 'United States', 'Nature Medicine', 'effectiveness endpoints', 'significant improvements', 'chronic tetraplegia', 'decision-making framework', 'renowned neurosurgeon', 'successful implant', 'exclusive license', 'ONWARD DigitalBridge™', 'tenth BDD', 'The Netherlands', 'secondary safety', 'thought-driven use', 'cervical SCI', 'ONWARD®', 'Ottobock', 'EINDHOVEN', 'April', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'CEO', 'partner', 'Date', '2025 Highlights', 'Development', 'January', 'expansion', 'efficacy', 'February', 'conjunction', 'March', 'TAP', 'marketing', 'Q4', 'May', 'publication', 'primary', 'sensation', 'July', 'Neuromodulation', 'September', 'Centre', 'CHUV', 'Lausanne', 'Switzerland', 'Christopher', 'hands', 'arms', 'October', 'CEA', 'paralysis', 'November', 'EIC', 'stroke', 'December']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053565/0/en/Ontex-Group-NV-announces-the-results-of-its-cash-tender-offer-for-its-outstanding-580-000-000-3-500-senior-notes-due-2026.html,Ontex Group NV announces the results of its cash tender offer for its outstanding €580 000 000 3.500% senior notes due 2026,Not for release  publication or distribution in or into  or to any person located or resident in or at any address in  the United States of America...,"Not for release  publication or distribution in or into  or to any person located or resident in or at any address in  the United States of America or to any person located or resident in any other jurisdiction where it is unlawful to distribute this press release  the Results Announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum (each as defined below) or to any persons to whom it is otherwise unlawful to send this press release  the Results Announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum (See “Offer and distribution restrictions” in the Tender Offer Memorandum).This press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014  as amended.Ontex Group NV announces the results of its cash tender offerfor its outstanding €580 000 000 3.500% senior notes due 2026Aalst  Belgium  April 1  2025 – Ontex Group NV (the “Issuer”) announces the results of the previously announced invitation to holders of its outstanding 3.500% Senior Notes due 2026 (ISIN: BE6329443962/Common Code: 236126102) (the “Notes”)  to tender such Notes for purchase for cash (the “Offer”). The Offer was made subject to satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Financing Condition and the General Conditions and other terms and conditions described in the Tender Offer Memorandum dated March 24  2025 (the “Tender Offer Memorandum”) and was subject to the offer and distribution restrictions more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum. Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in this press release have the meanings given in the Tender Offer Memorandum.The Offer was launched by the Issuer on March 24  2025 and expired at 17:00 CEST on March 31  2025 (the “Expiration Deadline”).At the Expiration Deadline  €283 095 000 aggregate principal amount of Notes had been validly tendered pursuant to the Offer.All Noteholders whose Notes have been validly tendered and accepted for purchase by the Issuer are eligible to receive the Purchase Price of 100.00% of the aggregate principal amount thereof (as set out in the Tender Offer Memorandum) and Accrued Interest Payment for the Notes.As a result of the above  the Final Acceptance Amount (as defined in the Tender Offer Memorandum) amounted to €283 095 000.Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the New Financing Condition and/or the General Conditions  the Issuer expects to make payment for the Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase on April 3  2025 (the “Settlement Date”). Such payment through the Clearing Systems will discharge the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of payment of the Purchase Price and Accrued Interest. Under no circumstances will any interest be payable because of any delay in the transmission of funds to Noteholders by any of the Clearing Systems.Following cancellation of the Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase  the aggregate principal amount of the Notes remaining outstanding on the Settlement Date under the Indenture will amount to €296 905 000.Notes which have not been validly offered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will remain outstanding after the Settlement Date and are subsequently expected to be redeemed in full at par on or about July 15  2025  in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and  if applicable  the relevant Noteholders will be notified of such redemption in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. While the Issuer expects to redeem any such Notes on or about July 15  2025  no representation is given that it will redeem such Notes in whole or in part on such date.Further InformationAny questions or requests for assistance in connection with (i) the Offer  may be directed to Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE and (ii) the tender of the Notes may be directed to the Tender Agent  the contact details for each of which are provided on the back cover of this press release.This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any Notes. The Offer was made only pursuant to the Tender Offer Memorandum and the Launch Announcement in relation to the Offer (the “Launch Announcement”)  and the information in this press release is qualified by reference to the Tender Offer Memorandum and the Launch Announcement.For more information on the results of the Offer  reference is made to the results announcement which is available through the following link https://www.luxse.com/security/BE6329443962/339516 (the “Results Announcement”).DisclaimerThis press release must be read in conjunction with the Results Announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum. No offer or invitation to acquire or sell any securities is being made pursuant to this press release. Neither the Dealer Manager nor the Tender Agent take any responsibility for the contents of this press release. The distribution of this press release  the Results Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other materials relating to the Offer in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this press release  the Results Announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum come(s) into are required by each of the Issuer  the Dealer Manager and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""may""  ""assume""  ""plan""  ""intend""  ""will""  ""should""  ""estimate""  ""risk"" and or  in each case  their negatives  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding the Issuer's or any of its affiliates’ intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  the Issuer's or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies and the industries in which they operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that the Issuer's or any of its affiliates’ actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition  even if the Issuer's or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.The forward-looking statements and information contained in this press release are made as of the date hereof and the Issuer undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements or information  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  unless so required by applicable securities laws.The IssuerOntex Group NVKorte Keppestraat 219320 Erembodegem (Aalst)BelgiumDealer ManagerGoldman Sachs Bank Europe SEMarienturm  Taunusanlage 9-10D-60329 Frankfurt am Main GermanyAttention:Liability Management GroupTelephone: +44 20 7774 4836Email: liabilitymanagement.eu@gs.comThe Tender AgentKroll Issuer Services LimitedThe News Building3 London Bridge StreetLondon SE1 9SGUnited KingdomAttention: Owen MorrisTelephone: +44 20 7704 0880  Email: ontex@is.kroll.comOffer Website: https://deals.is.kroll.com/ontexInlichtingenInvesteerders Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comOver OntexOntex is een toonaangevende internationale ontwikkelaar en producent van producten in babyverzorging  dameshygiëne en volwassenenzorg  zowel voor retailers als voor de gezondheidszorg. De innovatieve producten van Ontex worden in zo'n 100 landen verdeeld via retailers en zorgverleners. Ontex stelt wereldwijd zo'n 7.000 mensen tewerk en is aanwezig in 14 landen  met hoofdzetel in Aalst  België. Ontex staat genoteerd op Euronext Brussel en maakt deel uit van de Bel Mid® index. Om op de hoogte te blijven van het laatste nieuws  ga naar ontex.com of volg Ontex op LinkedIn.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.0,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Ontex Group NV', 'cash tender offer', 'outstanding €580,000,000 3.500% senior notes', 'results', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ontex Group NV', 'New Financing Condition', '5,000 aggregate principal amount', 'Final Acceptance Amount', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', 'cash tender offer', 'Accrued Interest Payment', 'outstanding 3.500% Senior Notes', 'Tender Agent', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'Common Code', 'Expiration Deadline', 'Clearing Systems', 'contact details', 'back cover', 'Launch Announcement', 'following link', 'Dealer Manager', 'other materials', 'press release', 'Such payment', 'payment obligations', 'Settlement Date', 'Results Announcement', 'General Conditions', 'distribution restrictions', 'other terms', 'Capitalised terms', 'inside information', 'Further Information', 'relevant Noteholders', 'Purchase Price', 'publication', 'person', 'address', 'America', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'article', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Issuer', 'invitation', 'ISIN', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'March', '17:00 CEST', 'respect', 'circumstances', 'delay', 'transmission', 'funds', 'cancellation', 'Indenture', 'par', 'July', 'accordance', 'redemption', 'representation', 'questions', 'requests', 'assistance', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'relation', 'reference', 'luxse', 'BE6329443962', 'Disclaimer', 'conjunction', 'securities', 'responsibility', 'contents', 'jurisdictions', 'law']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3052985/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in total 2 754 057 shares were repurchased during the week of 24 March 2025 up to and including 28 March 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €18.58 or a total amount of €51 159 385.70. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 95 458 780 ordinary shares at an average price of €15.68 for a total consideration of €1 496 818 479.61. To date approximately 74.84% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This docuent may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.15,0.73,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'related market disruption', 'wholesale banking services', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'ING Group shares', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial services', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'related i', 'detailed information', '95,458,780 ordinary shares', 'total number', 'tax laws', '2,754,057 shares', 'Progress', '31 October', '24 March', '28 March', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053395/0/en/Societe-Generale-offer-to-purchase-certain-of-its-debt-securities.html,Societe Generale offer to purchase certain of its debt securities,SOCIETE GENERALE OFFER TO PURCHASE CERTAIN OF ITS DEBT SECURITIES  Press release  Paris  April 1  2025  NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN...,"SOCIETE GENERALE OFFER TO PURCHASE CERTAIN OF ITS DEBT SECURITIESPress releaseParis  April 1  2025NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE OR TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.Societe Generale announces today the launch of an offer to purchase for cash (the “Offer”) any and all of its outstanding Undated Deeply Subordinated Resettable Interest Rate Notes (the “Notes”)  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase dated April 1  2025 (the “Offer to Purchase”) and the related notice of guaranteed delivery.The following table sets forth the Notes subject to the Offer and the key economic terms of the Offer:CUSIP No. ISIN Title of Security Principal Amount Outstanding Amount to be Accepted Tender Offer Consideration 83368J FA3 F43628 B41 US83368JFA34 USF43628B413 Undated Deeply Subordinated Resettable Interest Rate Notes (the “Notes”) $1 250 000 000 Any and all $1 007 (1)(1) The amount to be paid for each $1 000 principal amount of Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase  excluding accrued and unpaid interest.The Offer will commence on April 1  2025 and will expire at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on April 7  2025 unless it is extended or terminated by Societe Generale. The expected guaranteed delivery date is 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on April 9  2025. The deadlines set by any intermediary may be earlier than the above deadline.Consideration for Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer is $1 007 per $1 000 principal amount of Notes. In addition  Societe Generale will pay all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes purchased pursuant to the Offer up to  but not including  the settlement date.The purpose of the Offer is to efficiently manage Societe Generale’s regulatory capital while providing liquidity to Holders.The Notes are governed by English law  which  following the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union  has become a third country law. Because the Notes do not include a contractual recognition of bail-in clause  the Notes will cease to qualify as Additional Tier 1 on June 28  2025.If any Notes remain outstanding after the consummation of the Offer  Societe Generale intends to consider future optional redemption rights in respect of the Notes in accordance with their terms and conditions  including pursuant to condition 8.3 “Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event” for which it has received the European Central Bank’s permission. Any future decision by Societe Generale to redeem the Notes then outstanding will be made on an economic basis  considering current and future regulatory value  relative funding cost  rating agency considerations  and having regard to the prevailing circumstances at the relevant time.With respect to the other notes issued by Societe Generale and governed by English law listed below  which will cease to qualify as Tier 2 on June 28  2025  Societe Generale intends to consider future optional redemption rights in accordance with their terms and conditions  including pursuant to condition 7.2 “Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event” and condition 6(c) “Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated Notes”  as the case may be:USD 1 000 000 000 Subordinated 4.750% Notes due November 24  2025 (144A ISIN: US83367TBR95  RegS ISIN: USF8586CBS01)AUD 150 000 000 4.875% Subordinated Tier 2 Notes due October 13  2026 (ISIN: XS1503159219)EUR 70 000 000 fixed rate resettable callable Subordinated Tier 2 Notes due October 21  2026 (ISIN: XS1308623658)Societe Generale and SG Americas Securities  LLC are acting as Dealer Managers for the Offer  and D.F. King Ltd. is acting as Tender and Information Agent. For detailed terms of the Offer  please refer to the Offer to Purchase which  subject to offer and distribution restrictions  can be obtained from the Dealer Managers and the Tender and Information Agent. Questions regarding the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers and the Tender and Information Agent at the contact details set forth below:D.F. King Ltd.Email: SGCIB@dfkingltd.comOffer Website: https://clients.dfkingltd.com/sgcibIn New York48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005United States of AmericaBanks and Brokers  Call Collect: (212) 269 5550All others  Call Toll-Free: (800) 848-2998 In London51 Lime StreetLondon EC3M 7DQUnited KingdomTel: +44 20 7920 9700 Societe Generale17  cours ValmyBP 1823692987 Paris la Défense CedexFranceTel: +33 (0)1 42 13 32 40Email: liability.management@sgcib.com SG Americas Securities  LLC245 Park AvenueNew York  New York 10167United StatesTel: + 1 (212) 278-7631Toll-Free: 1 (855) 881 2108Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes statements that constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements can be understood through words and expressions like “will ” “expect ” “project ” “anticipate ” “should ” “intend ” “probability ” “risk ” “target ” “goal ” “objective ” “estimate ” “future ” “commitment ” “commit ” “focus ” “pledge” and similar expressions. They include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the conduct and completion of the Offers. However  risks  uncertainties and other important factors may lead to developments and results that differ materially from those anticipated  expected  projected or assumed in forward-looking statements  including those discussed in the Offer to Purchase under the heading “Risk Factors” and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by reference into the Offer to Purchase. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release  and Societe Generale undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements  regardless of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Offer RestrictionsThis press release does not constitute an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell Notes  and tenders of Notes for purchase pursuant to the Offer will not be accepted from Holders in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful  including under applicable securities or “blue sky” laws.United KingdomThe communication of the press release and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer is not being made  and such documents and/or materials have not been approved  by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. This electronic transmission is made only to  or directed only at (1) those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Financial Promotion Order”))  (2) those persons falling within Article 43(2) of the Financial Promotion Order  including existing members and creditors of the Societe Generale  or (3) any other persons to whom it may otherwise be lawfully made under the Financial Promotion Order (together being referred to as “relevant persons”)  and must not be acted on or relied upon by persons other than relevant persons. Any investment activity referred to in this communication is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.Republic of ItalyNone of the Offer  this press release or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedure of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian laws and regulations and therefore the Offer may only be made or promoted  directly or indirectly  in or into the Republic of Italy as exempted Offer pursuant to Article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of Legislative Decree no. 58 of February 24  1998  as amended (the ""Financial Services Act"") and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14  1999  as amended.Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes that are resident and/or located in the Republic of Italy can tender Notes for purchase in the Offer through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended from time to time  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the Notes or Societe Generale or this press release or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer.European Economic AreaThis press release does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and has not been approved  filed or reviewed by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (“CSSF”) in Luxembourg  nor has the CSSF issued any report regarding the accuracy or adequacy of this press release.In any European Economic Area Member State (each  a “Relevant State”)  this press release is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Relevant State within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.This press release has been prepared on the basis that the Offer in any Relevant State will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus.Each person in a Relevant State who receives any communication in respect of the Offer contemplated in this press release will be deemed to have represented  warranted and agreed to and with each Dealer Manager and Societe Generale that it is a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.07,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'debt securities', 'EUR 70,000,000 fixed rate resettable callable Subordinated Tier 2 Notes', 'outstanding Undated Deeply Subordinated Resettable Interest Rate Notes', 'Paris la Défense Cedex', 'Security Principal Amount Outstanding Amount', 'Tender Offer Consideration 83368J FA3', 'D.F. King Ltd', 'future optional redemption rights', 'New York City time', 'relative funding cost', 'rating agency considerations', 'future regulatory value', 'SG Americas Securities', 'European Central Bank', 'third country law', 'London EC3M 7DQ', 'Subordinated Notes', 'key economic terms', 'unpaid interest', '$1,000 principal amount', 'SOCIETE GENERALE OFFER', 'Additional Tier', 'relevant time', 'future decision', 'DEBT SECURITIES', 'regulatory capital', 'European Union', 'economic basis', 'English law', 'other notes', 'related notice', 'following table', 'CUSIP No.', 'settlement date', 'contractual recognition', 'Capital Event', 'prevailing circumstances', 'Dealer Managers', 'Information Agent', 'contact details', '48 Wall Street', '22nd Floor', 'United States', '51 Lime Street', 'United Kingdom', 'Valmy BP', '245 Park Avenue', 'Press contacts', 'ISIN Title', '4A ISIN', 'RegS ISIN', 'detailed terms', 'PURCHASE CERTAIN', 'Press release', 'delivery date', 'distribution restrictions', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'Offer Website', '4.750% Notes', 'ITS', 'April', 'PUBLICATION', 'INTO', 'PERSON', 'JURISDICTION', 'WHOM', 'PUBLISH', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'launch', 'cash', 'conditions', 'US83368JFA34', 'accrued', 'deadlines', 'intermediary', 'payment', 'purpose', 'liquidity', 'Holders', 'UK', 'withdrawal', 'bail-in', 'clause', 'June', 'consummation', 'respect', 'accordance', 'occurrence', 'permission', 'current', 'regard', 'case', 'November', 'US83367TBR95', 'AUD', 'October', 'XS150315921', 'XS130862365', 'Questions', 'Email', 'SGCIB', 'dfkingltd', 'clients', 'Banks', 'Brokers', 'others', 'Tel', 'cours', 'France', 'socgen', '5:00', '44']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/01/3053626/0/en/Valneva-s-Chikungunya-Vaccine-IXCHIQ-Now-Authorized-in-EU-for-Adolescents-Aged-12-and-Above.html,Valneva’s Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ® Now Authorized in EU for Adolescents Aged 12 and Above,With this extension  IXCHIQ®  the first vaccine against the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  is now available for administration for individuals 12 years of age and older in the European Union (EU).,With this extension  IXCHIQ®  the first vaccine against the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  is now available for administration for individuals 12 years of age and older in the European Union (EU).Saint Herblain (France)  April 1  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the European Commission (EC) has granted marketing authorization in Europe for Valneva’s single-dose vaccine  IXCHIQ®  for the prevention of disease caused by the chikungunya virus in individuals 12 years of age and older. This label extension complements the adult marketing authorization in Europe Valneva received in July 20241. With this approval  IXCHIQ® becomes available in the market for adolescents in the EU  Norway  Liechtenstein and Iceland.IXCHIQ® is the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need. In addition to its approval in adolescents and adults in the EU  it is approved in the United States (U.S.)2  Canada3 and the United Kingdom (U.K.)4 for the prevention of disease caused by the chikungunya virus in individuals 18 years of age and older. Similar label extension applications to adolescents were also submitted in the U.S.  Canada and the U.K.Juan Carlos Jaramillo  M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  said  “Given the substantial risk that chikungunya presents to individuals residing in or traveling to endemic regions  it's imperative to ensure the vaccine is available to all age groups. This adolescent approval marks a crucial milestone toward introducing a more robust preventative solution against chikungunya in the EU. Broader accessibility will help provide protection and mitigate the burden of this debilitating illness  which is continuing to spread in areas that were previously unaffected.”Chikungunya has become an increasingly pressing public health issue  with outbreaks currently ongoing in India  Brazil and the French Island of La Réunion. Valneva announced last week that it has responded to the French government’s call for supply of IXCHIQ® in La Réunion and that it will provide 40 000 doses to the Island’s wholesalers  with an option to provide more5.Dr. Richard Hatchett  Chief Executive Officer of the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI)  commented  “Cases of chikungunya are increasing around the world  making populations of all ages vulnerable to the disease’s long-term debilitating effects  such as prolonged joint plan and inflammation. EC’s marketing authorization for use of IXCHIQ® in adolescents in the EU is an important steppingstone that could help accelerate the approval of the vaccine in this age group in other regions  including areas where the disease is endemic.”The EC adolescent marketing authorization is supported by positive six-month adolescent Phase 3 data which Valneva reported in May 20246. These data  collected through a study in Brazil funded by CEPI and the EU’s Horizon Program  showed that a single-dose vaccination with IXCHIQ® induces a high immune response in 99.1% of adolescents  and that the vaccine was generally well tolerated7. Valneva recently announced that this immune response was sustained in 98.3% of adolescents one-year after single vaccination8. These results reaffirm the strong and persistent immune response with only one dose already seen in adults9. The Lancet Infectious Diseases  a world leading infectious diseases journal  also published an article10 showing that the vaccine was generally safe and well tolerated in adolescents 12 to 17 years of age 28 days after a single injection  regardless of previous CHIKV infection.Valneva is focused on expanding the vaccine’s label and access. In the third quarter of 2024  the Company expanded its partnership with CEPI11  with support from the EU’s Horizon Europe program  through a $41.3 million grant to advance broader access to the vaccine in Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMICs)  post-marketing studies and research to support potential label extensions in children  adolescents and pregnant women.Within the framework of this partnership  in December 2024  Valneva announced the signing of an exclusive license agreement with the Serum Institute of India (SII)  the world’s largest manufacturer of vaccines by number of doses  enabling the supply of the vaccine in Asia  with a commitment to priority supply of the chikungunya vaccine at an affordable price to public health markets in LMICs.This new agreement complements the license agreement Valneva signed in 2021 with Instituto Butantan in Brazil for the development  manufacturing and marketing of a local chikungunya vaccine at an affordable price for distribution in Latin American countries and selected LMICs affected by the disease.About ChikungunyaChikungunya virus (CHIKV) is a mosquito-borne viral disease spread by the bites of infected Aedes mosquitoes which causes fever  severe joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  fatigue and rash. Joint pain is often debilitating and can persist for weeks to years12.In 2004  the disease began to spread quickly  causing large-scale outbreaks around the world. Since the re-emergence of the virus  CHIKV has now been identified in over 110 countries in Asia  Africa  Europe and the Americas13. Between 2013 and 2023  more than 3.7 million cases were reported in the Americas14 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow with climate change as the mosquito vectors that transmit the disease continue to spread geographically. As such  the World Health Organization (WHO) has highlighted chikungunya as a major public health problem.15About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced tetravalent Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAbout CEPICEPI was launched in 2017 as an innovative partnership between public  private  philanthropic and civil organizations. Its mission is to accelerate the development of vaccines and other biologic countermeasures against epidemic and pandemic threats so they can be accessible to all people in need. CEPI has supported the development of more than 50 vaccine candidates or platform technologies against multiple known high-risk pathogens or a future Disease X. Central to CEPI’s pandemic-beating five-year plan for 2022-2026 is the ‘100 Days Mission’ to compress the time taken to develop safe  effective  globally accessible vaccines against new threats to just 100 days.Learn more at CEPI.net. Follow us on X (@CEPIvaccines)  LinkedIn and Facebook.About Horizon EuropeHorizon Europe — #HorizonEU — is the European Union's flagship Research and Innovation programme  part of the EU-long-term Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) with a budget of €95.5 billion to spend over a seven-year period (2021-2027). Under Horizon Europe  health research will be supported with the aim to find new ways to keep people healthy  prevent diseases  develop better diagnostics and more effective therapies  use personalised medicine approaches to improve healthcare and wellbeing  and take up innovative health technologies  such as digital ones.CEPI Media Contactpress@cepi.net+44 7387 055214Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing this information as of the date of this press release and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in Europe for the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ®2 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ ® - Valneva3 Valneva Announces Health Canada Approval of the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ ® - Valneva4 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in the UK for the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - Valneva5 Valneva Responds to French Government’s Call for Vaccine Supply of IXCHIQ® against Chikungunya Outbreak in La Réunion - Valneva6 Valneva Reports Further Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine7 Valneva Reports Further Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine8 Valneva Reports High Sustained Immune Response in Adolescents One Year After Single Vaccination with its Chikungunya Vaccine - Valneva9 Valneva Reports Positive Three-Year Antibody Persistence Data for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ® - Valneva10 Safety and immunogenicity of a live-attenuated chikungunya virus vaccine in endemic areas of Brazil: interim results of a double-blind  randomised  placebo-controlled phase 3 trial in adolescents11 CEPI Expands Partnership with Valneva with a $41.3 Million Grant to Support Broader Access to the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine - Valneva12 https://jvi.asm.org/content/jvi/88/20/11644.full.pdf13 https://cmr.asm.org/content/31/1/e00104-1614 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2023 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 01 Aug 2023.15 Geographical expansion of cases of dengue and chikungunya beyond the historical areas of transmission in the Region of the Americas (who.int)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.17,0.75,True,English,"['Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ', 'Valneva', 'EU', 'Adolescents', 'positive six-month adolescent Phase 3 data', 'world leading infectious diseases journal', 'The Lancet Infectious Diseases', 'The EC adolescent marketing authorization', 'significant unmet medical need', 'pressing public health issue', 'Similar label extension applications', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'public health markets', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Juan Carlos Jaramillo', 'robust preventative solution', 'Dr. Richard Hatchett', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Epidemic Preparedness Innovations', 'La Réunion', 'adult marketing authorization', 'long-term debilitating effects', 'potential label extensions', 'Latin American countries', 'prolonged joint plan', 'high immune response', 'persistent immune response', 'exclusive license agreement', 'previous CHIKV infection', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Horizon Europe program', 'local chikungunya vaccine', 'adolescent approval', 'Horizon Program', 'first vaccine', 'European Union', 'debilitating illness', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'new agreement', 'severe joint', 'Joint pain', 'Saint Herblain', 'Euronext Paris', 'European Commission', 'United States', 'U.S.', 'United Kingdom', 'U.K.', 'M.D.', 'substantial risk', 'endemic regions', 'crucial milestone', 'Broader accessibility', 'French government', 'important steppingstone', 'other regions', 'single-dose vaccination', 'single vaccination8.', 'one dose', 'single injection', 'third quarter', '$41.3 million grant', 'post-marketing studies', 'pregnant women', 'Serum Institute', 'largest manufacturer', 'affordable price', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'muscle pain', 'chikungunya virus', 'single-dose vaccine', 'French Island', 'age groups', '12 to 17 years', 'priority supply', 'Valneva SE', 'IXCHIQ®', 'administration', 'individuals', 'France', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'prevention', 'July', 'adolescents', 'Norway', 'Liechtenstein', 'Iceland', 'addition', 'adults', 'Canada3', 'protection', 'burden', 'areas', 'outbreaks', 'India', 'Brazil', 'call', '40,000 doses', 'wholesalers', 'option', 'Coalition', 'CEPI', 'Cases', 'populations', 'ages', 'inflammation', 'use', 'May', 'study', 'results', 'strong', 'article10', 'partnership', 'support', 'LMICs', 'research', 'children', 'framework', 'December', 'signing', 'SII', 'vaccines', 'number', 'Asia', 'commitment', 'development', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'bites', 'fever', 'headache', 'fatigue', 'rash', 'weeks']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,globenewswire.com
49840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/tech/startups/the-chinese-electric-vehicle-founder-who-wants-in-on-trumps-america/articleshow/119842081.cms,The Chinese electric vehicle founder who wants in on Trump's America,Electric-truck maker Windrose Technology  founded by Wen Han  has investors that include an Australian property group  US venture capital financiers and Chinese state-owned funds. It is now based in Belgium. But at its heart  Windrose packs China's significan…,"Live EventsThe question posed to Wen Han  founder of electric-truck maker Windrose Technology   was a simple one: Is it accurate to call the firm a Chinese company?After some rambling  Han settled on an answer: ""I would describe it as Chinese origin.""There's a reason it felt like a trick question: Windrose's investors include an Australian property group  U.S. venture capital financiers and Chinese state-owned funds. It is now based in Belgium. But at its heart  Windrose packs China 's significant advantages in making electric vehicles.Han wants to use that edge to sell long-haul trucks globally. He is intent on taking his company public in New York  saying he plans to file the initial paperwork within the next month to raise up to at least $400 million.Although the business proposition is simple  the execution is anything but -- complicated by geopolitics  trade tensions and a surge of protectionism. Han is mindful of what he calls Windrose's ""Chineseness.""Born in China's coal country  Han  34  grew up when Chinese globalization did not trigger the kind of political distrust in the United States that it does now. He attended Williams College in Massachusetts and worked at American hedge fund Bridgewater Associates. His life has spanned both countries. Now  he is pushing for Windrose to do the same in a fracturing world.""China will never be America's best friend  not in our lifetimes "" he said. ""However  China doesn't have to be the enemy forever  and not everyone from China has to be the enemy.""Windrose is looking to upend the trucking industry's century-old reliance on diesel. It relies on China's advanced EV supply chain of batteries and components  a byproduct of China's sizable government-led investments.In addition to an office in Antwerp  Windrose is building a production plant in northern France. It has sites in Georgia and California to handle light assembly of trucks mostly manufactured in China. It is now choosing among Arizona  Georgia  North Carolina and Ohio for a factory to open in 2027.It is forging ahead more on ambition than a proven track record. It has produced only about 40 trucks  a long way from its target of building 10 000 in 2027. It faces regulatory hurdles. Customers in America and Europe cannot yet buy its vehicles  which are waiting to get road-certified.In three years  Windrose has raised more than $300 million. While other fledgling truck makers have struggled to get production lines up and running  Windrose has surprised many in the industry with its speed in designing  developing and producing trucks. Han's vehicles have been tested on long routes in the United States  Europe  China and Australia.""I'm always telling him that he's being too aggressive  but he keeps delivering  so now I have nothing to say "" said Allen Zhu  managing director at GSR Ventures  a Silicon Valley venture capital firm and a Windrose investor.But  of course  Windrose is facing conditions that are unfriendly  if not outright hostile  to Chinese startups.President Donald Trump has imposed escalating tariffs on Chinese imports. In February  he ordered restrictions on Chinese investments in strategic sectors and sought to limit how Chinese firms list their shares on U.S. stock exchanges. As part of the decree  the White House specifically identified China as a ""foreign adversary.""And then there is Tesla CEO Elon Musk  who has Trump's ear. Tesla is one of Windrose's main competitors with the capital  know-how and brand to challenge existing truck manufacturers.Whether or not Han succeeds in his American endeavor  his story speaks to the inexorable economic impulses that connect China and the United States despite the political forces dividing the countries.Han  the only child of two doctors  competed in national English-speaking competitions as a student. He noticed that many top participants had lived abroad.""So I told my mother "" he said  that ""I  too  would like to gain such an unfair advantage.""At 16  he left China to attend high school near San Diego. After college  he worked at Bridgewater. He worked in venture capital after Stanford Business School. Han joined Plus  a Silicon Valley startup for self-driving trucks with operations in China and the United States  and eventually became its chief strategy and financial officer.He discovered the perils of becoming trapped between the United States and China. Han said he had been headed toward a $20 million payday from Plus' initial public offering until China's crackdown on ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing put a freeze on his company's listing plans. Plus eventually split its Chinese operation from the rest of its global portfolio.""I learned how to deal with geopolitical sensitivities "" Han said.He started Windrose in 2022. At the time  investors were wary of EV companies after some high-profile failures. Battery prices had soared from lithium carbonate shortages  heaping additional pressure on profitability.Han took a contrarian view. The stigma around the sector meant there were fewer new competitors. He thought lithium prices had peaked. He was right about both  but more than that  he knew that China's supply chain for EVs was far ahead of the rest of the world.Windrose did not invent something new. Tesla and Nikola had announced plans for electric trucks years earlier  but both companies were setting up supply chains in the United States  not China. Nikola declared bankruptcy in February. Tesla is running years behind production targets for its truck  the Semi.Han faced some resistance when raising money in the United States. Anything Chinese is considered ""taboo "" he said. Someone suggested that he say he was Chinese American  not Chinese.It has even followed him to Europe. After Windrose switched its incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Belgium  it paid to change the local professional basketball team's name to the Windrose Giants Antwerp. A local newspaper ran this headline: ""Should We Be Wary of Chinese Espionage?""""I never shy away from the Chineseness "" said Han  a part owner of the team. ""I also never shy away from the problems that arise from the Chineseness.""He said he wanted Windrose to be considered a global company  not a Chinese state champion. He tries to keep his distance from the Communist Party.Asked about a news video of Chinese President Xi Jinping inspecting one of Windrose's trucks last year  Han emphasized that he was not a party pawn.""I don't go around and criticize President Xi "" he said. ""That doesn't mean I'm the proud son of President Xi. We don't want to become China's next state-owned pride.""Han said he had rebuffed suggestions from officials to team up with certain Chinese companies or pursue different technologies.""I tell them  'Let me do my job '"" he said. ""They tell me  'You need to start being more respectful.'""His wife  Jessie Jia  a fitness influencer with 2.9 million followers on Chinese social media platform Weibo  said she worried that Han would say something that might land him in hot water.""I was concerned about it  but I can't control him "" Jia said.Windrose has taken money from two Chinese state-backed investment funds and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. If it hadn't taken the investment  another competitor would have  Han said. None of the state-backed entities have board seats or influence with the company  he said.The markets are never far from Han's mind. In December  at a meeting with Benoît van den Hove  CEO of Euronext Brussels stock exchange  Han was already planning on a secondary listing in Europe after going public in America. He wanted Windrose to be a part of the Bel 20  Belgium's benchmark stock index of the country's 20 most valuable companies.Van den Hove explained that if the trucks were not road-certified before the listing  the front of Windrose's investment prospectus would come with a warning label about the potential risk.Han was unfazed. He said that its trucks were already certified in China  and that he expected Windrose to be approved in the United States in April and in Europe later this year.China is adopting electric trucks more quickly because the vehicles are cheaper and the charging infrastructure is better. Windrose is selling its electric trucks for $250 000  which is cheaper than EV options from traditional brands but still a significant premium compared with diesel.Windrose is eager to get trucks to customers before Tesla  which first demonstrated its prototype Semi in 2017. Tesla said last year that it aimed to reach mass production -- an annual capacity of 50 000 trucks -- at its facility in Nevada by the end of 2026. Tesla  which did not respond to a request for comment  initially said it would begin deliveries in 2019.Han speaks of Musk with reverence. He said that Musk had done more for relations with China than most diplomats and that Windrose had benefited from the Chinese supply chain that rose up to support Tesla.He said  however  that building electric trucks was not a priority for Musk. He started naming his various roles.""Oh  yeah "" he said. ""And being best friends with Donald Trump.""Han is no less desperate for Trump's attention. He has already decided to build a factory in a ""very red"" state  but he sent a direct plea to Trump in February on Truth Social ""Mr. President "" Han wrote. ""We heard you and we would like to announce our plans to build Windrose EV truck's first manufacturing facility in the United States! Please help find us the right community to invest in!""Han has not heard back.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['The Chinese electric vehicle founder', 'Trump', 'America', 'American hedge fund Bridgewater Associates', 'U.S. venture capital financiers', 'Silicon Valley venture capital firm', 'U.S. stock exchanges', 'other fledgling truck makers', 'advanced EV supply chain', 'Tesla CEO Elon Musk', 'Silicon Valley startup', 'existing truck manufacturers', 'Australian property group', 'proven track record', 'inexorable economic impulses', 'national English-speaking competitions', 'many top participants', 'sizable government-led investments', 'initial public offering', 'lithium carbonate shortages', 'Chinese state-owned funds', 'President Donald Trump', 'Stanford Business School', 'fewer new competitors', 'American endeavor', 'EV companies', 'New York', 'initial paperwork', 'business proposition', 'Chinese investments', 'main competitors', 'high school', 'lithium prices', 'Live Events', 'electric-truck maker', 'simple one', 'Chinese origin', 'significant advantages', 'next month', 'trade tensions', 'coal country', 'Chinese globalization', 'political distrust', 'United States', 'fracturing world', 'best friend', 'century-old reliance', 'production plant', 'northern France', 'light assembly', 'North Carolina', 'regulatory hurdles', 'three years', 'production lines', 'long routes', 'Allen Zhu', 'managing director', 'GSR Ventures', 'Chinese startups', 'escalating tariffs', 'Chinese imports', 'strategic sectors', 'Chinese firms', 'White House', 'foreign adversary', 'political forces', 'two doctors', 'unfair advantage', 'San Diego', 'chief strategy', 'financial officer', '$20 million payday', 'Didi Chuxing', 'listing plans', 'Chinese operation', 'global portfolio', 'geopolitical sensitivities', 'high-profile failures', 'Battery prices', 'additional pressure', 'contrarian view', 'trick question', 'Williams College', 'trucking industry', 'long-haul trucks', 'self-driving trucks', 'electric vehicles', 'ride-hailing company', 'Windrose Technology', 'Windrose investor', 'Wen Han', '40 trucks', 'founder', 'rambling', 'answer', 'reason', 'investors', 'Belgium', 'heart', 'China', 'execution', 'geopolitics', 'surge', 'protectionism', 'kind', 'Massachusetts', 'life', 'countries', 'enemy', 'everyone', 'diesel', 'batteries', 'components', 'byproduct', 'Antwerp', 'sites', 'Georgia', 'California', 'Arizona', 'Ohio', 'factory', 'ambition', 'target', 'Customers', 'Europe', 'speed', 'designing', 'course', 'conditions', 'February', 'restrictions', 'shares', 'decree', 'know-how', 'brand', 'story', 'child', 'student', 'mother', 'Plus', 'operations', 'perils', 'crackdown', 'freeze', 'time', 'profitability', 'stigma']",2025-04-01,2025-04-02,economictimes.indiatimes.com
49841,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nanobiotix-provides-business-update-and-reports-full-year-2024-financial-results-1034543593,NANOBIOTIX Provides Business Update and Reports Full Year 2024 Financial Results,Global development program for JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) proceeding as planned  with opportunity to address one of the largest untapped markets in,Global development program for JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) proceeding as planned  with opportunity to address one of the largest untapped markets in oncology through lead programs in head and neck cancer and lung cancerDisciplined financial strategy toward long-term sustainability and growth continues to strengthen financial position through focused allocation of capital  the receipt of a planned milestone payment  the transfer of sponsorship for NANORAY-312  and an amendment to the global licensing agreement for JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3)Curadigm  a next generation nanotherapeutic platform designed to reshape drug design and development across multiple therapeutic classes and disease areas  has launchedCash runway extended into mid-2026 and reduction of operational cash burn expected beyond mid-2026 with €49.7 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31  2024Clinical data readouts in 2025 from Phase 1 and 2 studies in RM-HNSCC  pancreatic cancer  NSCLC amenable to re-irradiation  melanoma and esophageal cancerConference call and webcast scheduled for April 3  2025 at 8:00 A.M. EDT / 2:00 P.M. CESTPARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 02  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO - NASDAQ: NBTX - the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanotherapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  provided an update on operational progress  reported financial results for the year ended December 31  2024  and announced the filing of its universal registration document (URD) for the financial year ended December 31  2024 with the French financial market authority (Autorité des marchés financiers or AMF)  as well as of the annual report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended December 31  2024 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Operational HighlightsAddressing One of the Largest Untapped Markets in Oncology with JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) 1 Lead programs in head and neck cancer and lung cancer proceeding as planned Ongoing Pivotal Phase 3 LA-HNSCC Study (NANORAY-312) Aligned on intent to transfer the global NANORAY-312 sponsorship from Nanobiotix to Janssen Pharmaceutica NV  a Johnson & Johnson Company (“Johnson & Johnson”) in 2Q2024 to begin preparations for interim analysis. Completed the NANORAY-312 US sponsorship transfer from Nanobiotix to Johnson & Johnson  in 4Q2024  with intent to transfer NANORAY-312 globally to Johnson & Johnson by 3Q2025. Ongoing Randomized Phase 2 Study in Unresectable Stage 3 NSCLC (CONVERGE) First patient dosed in the Johnson & Johnson-sponsored Phase 2 randomized CONVERGE study evaluating JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) for patients with unresectable stage 3 non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) in 1Q2025 Multiple early-stage studies across solid tumor types beyond the lead programs continue to progress RM-HNSCC (Phase 1 Study 1100 sponsored by Nanobiotix) Presented new data showing disease control and tumor response in patients treated with JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) followed by anti-PD-1 as a second-or-later line (2L+) therapy for patients with recurrent or metastatic (“RM”) head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (“HNSCC”) in 2Q2024 Locally Advanced or Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer (Phase 1 Study MDA 2019-1001 sponsored by The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center) Completed a Phase 1 study evaluating JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) for patients with locally advanced or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer in 4Q2024 and investigators recommended that the encouraging oncologic outcomes coupled with a favorable safety profile warrant further exploration in a randomized study US FDA approved a protocol amendment to the completed Phase 1 pancreatic cancer study in 4Q2024 enabling the launch of a new cohort designed to evaluate JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) combined with standard-of-care concurrent chemoradiation (“CCRT”) and recruitment is ongoing NSCLC Amenable to Re-irradiation (Phase 1 Study MDA 2020-0123 sponsored by MD Anderson) Completed the dose escalation part of a Phase 1 study evaluating JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) for patients with inoperable  recurrent NSCLC amenable to re-irradiation (“reRT”) and established the recommended Phase 2 dose (RP2D) at 33% of gross tumor volume in 4Q2024 Presented first data from the Phase 1 NSCLC reRT study showing a favorable safety profile and early signals of efficacy in 1Q2025Disciplined Financial Strategy Toward Long-Term Sustainability and Growth Received $20M first milestone payment related to NANORAY-312 from Johnson & Johnson in May 2024 Executed amendment to global licensing agreement for JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) in 1Q2025  removing the vast majority Nanobiotix funding obligation for NANORAY-312 and releasing Johnson & Johnson from select future potential milestone payments  while safeguarding Nanobiotix’s path to sustainable cashflow through hundreds of millions in potential milestone payments related to lead programs expected in the coming years Extended cash runway to mid-2026 with a meaningful reduction in cash burn expected immediately and moving forward through and beyond mid-2026 Actively exploring preferably non-dilutive financing options to further extend cash visibility into 2027Other Operational HighlightsStrengthened Supervisory Board with the nominations of Dr. Margaret A. Liu and Ms. Anat Naschitz as board observers in 3Q2024  two key additions intended to further equip the Company for sustainable long-term growth. Dr. Liu brings a wealth of experience in US and international academia  pharmaceuticals  biotechnology and public policy Ms. Naschitz brings world-class expertise in raising and deploying capital to support disruptive innovation for the benefit of patients  healthcare professionals and investors Launched the Curadigm Nanoprimer Platform  the Company’s next lever for growth  in 4Q2024 The platform consists of nanoparticles designed with specific physico-chemical properties that allow temporary occupation of the liver cells responsible for therapeutic clearance. This mechanism is intended to increase the blood bioavailability and subsequent accumulation of therapeutics in the targeted tissues  potentially providing the opportunity to increase the efficacy or decrease the toxicity of intravenously administered medicines. As such  it is a potentially ideal technology to be used by both Nanobiotix and potential partners.____________________1 Potential first-in-class radioenhancer “NBTXR3” was licensed to Johnson & Johnson by Nanobiotix in 2023 and renamed “JNJ-1900” for the purposes of Johnson & Johnson-led clinical development.“2024 was a productive year focused on strong clinical execution and establishing a foundation for the next stage of growth. We expanded into lung cancer with the dosing of the first patient in the CONVERGE Phase 2 trial evaluating the potential of JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) to enhance the treatment of first-line Stage III lung cancer patients.” said Laurent Levy  co-founder of Nanobiotix and chairman of the executive board. “Conviction in the broad potential of JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) was further bolstered by the prolonged survival and well-tolerated safety reported across three key programs including Phase 1 data from Study 1100 evaluating NBTXR3 in combination with an anti-PD-1 in recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer  as well as initial data supporting expansion potential in pancreatic and lung cancer as part of our MD Anderson collaboration. We also introduced our next generation first-in-class nanotherapeutic platform  Curadigm  late in 2024  which we expect to drive additional long-term value. With our financial position strengthened and new data this year in head and neck  lung  pancreatic  and esophageal cancer  we believe Nanobiotix is strongly positioned for impact in 2025 and beyond.”Full Year 2024 Financial ResultsRevenue and Other Income : Negative Revenues of €7.2 million were recognized in 2024  compared to €36.2 million for the year ended December 31  2023  in which year significant revenue was recorded in connection with the execution of the license agreement with Janssen as well as the recognition of a development milestone. The negative non-cash revenue impact recognized in 2024 results from the transfer of NANORAY-312 study sponsorship to Janssen  signed at the end of 2024  which amounts to negative €19.3 million and is driven by a one-time recognition of a net liability towards Janssen to reflect this new situation. This one-off  non-cash negative revenue item  that results from application of IFRS 15 revenue recognition accounting principles  is partially offset by Other Revenues that do positively impact Nanobiotix’s cash position including: Sales of Clinical Products and goods to Janssen for €5.9 million  Technology Transfer Services billed to Janssen for €1.8 million  Research Tax Credit for €3.3 million and other income related to collaboration and supply services agreement in Asian territory for €1.0 million.Research and Development (“R&D”) Expenses : R&D expenses consist primarily of preclinical  clinical  and manufacturing expenses related to the development of NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) and totaled €40.5 million for the twelve-month period ended December 31  2024  as compared to €38.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31  2023  a year over year increase of 5%. The increase in net R&D expenses was primarily due to an increase of clinical development activities  driven by the costs related to NANORAY-312 and of its Phase 1 multi-cohort trial of RT-activated NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors (Study 1100)  and the full-year impact of R&D positions that were recruited in 2023.Selling  General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expenses : SG&A expenses were €20.5 million for the year ended December 31  2024  compared to €22.0 million for the year ended December 31  2023. This year-over-year decrease of 7% is mainly due to one-off fees incurred in 2023  consisting of license agreement execution and equity issuance related legal expenses and next to one-off fees paid to a financial advisor for €1.9 million in total.Net loss : Net loss attributable to shareholders was €68.1 million  a year-over-year increase of 72%  or €1.44 per share  for the twelve-month period ended December 31  2024  which was primarily attributable to the one-off non-cash negative revenue recognition accounting impact. This compares to a net loss of €39.7 million  or €1.08 per share for the year ended December 31  2023.Cash and Cash Equivalents : As of December 31  2024  Nanobiotix had €49.7 million in cash and cash equivalents  compared to €75.3 million as of December 31  2023.Financial Guidance : Based on the current operating plan and financial projections  Nanobiotix anticipates that the cash and cash equivalents of €49.7 million as of December 31  2024 will fund its operations into mid-2026.The supervisory board of the Company has reviewed the financial statements 2024 on April 2nd  2025 and the Company’s statutory auditors have finalized their audit and issued on March 31  2025 a clean opinion on both statutory and consolidated financial statements 2024.“We have recently fortified our financial position and extended our cash runway into mid-2026 by amending our global agreement with Johnson & Johnson. We expect this action to reduce operational burn with immediate effect and this reduction will continue post mid-2026 ” said Bart Van Rhijn  chief financial and business officer at Nanobiotix. “This non-dilutive financing solution achieved via the amendment  which we believe signals the increasing shared commitment to JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3)  positions us to continue taking the necessary operational and financial steps to ensure the future of our business and our potential to benefit millions of patients around the world with our technology and signifies our continued financial discipline.”Availability of the Full Year 2024 Financial ReportsThe URD and 20-F are available on the Nanobiotix website here. In addition  the URD is available on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the 20-F is available on the SEC website (www.sec.gov).The Company’s 2024 URD includes its:2024 annual financial report including the report on corporate governanceReports from the Company’s statutory auditors and information on their feesRequired information in relation to the Company’s share buyback programConference Call and WebcastNanobiotix will host a conference call and live audio webcast on Thursday  April 3  2025  at 8:00 AM EDT / 2:00 PM CEST  prior to the open of the U.S. market. During the call  Laurent Levy  chief executive officer  and Bart van Rhijn  chief financial and business officer  will briefly review the Company’s year-end results and provide an update on business activities for the full year of 2024 before taking questions from participants.Details of the call are as follows :Webcast link: click hereConference call link: click hereDetails of the call are also available in the investors section of the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. It is recommended to join 10 minutes prior the event start. A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the Company’s website.Participants are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com.About NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900)NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physics-based mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physics-based MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized Phase 3 study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Given the Company’s focus areas and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900)  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023 Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV  a Johnson & Johnson company.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States) amongst other locations.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects”  “intends”  “can”  “could”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “potential”  “should” and “will” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements which are based on the Company’ management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 2  2025 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2024 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 2  2025  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media RelationsFrance –HARDYCaroline Hardy+33 06 70 33 49 50carolinehardy@outlook.frGlobal –uncappedBecky Lauer+1 (646) 286-0057uncappednanobiotix@uncappedcommunications.comStatements of consolidated operations(Amounts in thousands of euros  except per share numbers) For the year ended December 31  2024 2023 Revenues and other income Revenues (11 609) 30 058 Other income 4 419 6 150 Total revenues and other income (7 191) 36 207 Research and development expenses (40 541) (38 396) Selling  general and administrative expenses (20 527) (22 049) Other operating and income expenses (134) (2 542) Total operating expenses (61 202) (62 986) Operating income (loss) (68 392) (26 779) Financial income 7 849 2 002 Financial expenses (7 488) (14 803) Financial income (loss) 361 (12 801) Income tax (101) (120) Net loss for the period (68 132) (39 700) Basic loss per share (euros/share) (1.44) (1.08) Diluted loss per share (euros/share) (1.44) (1.08)Statements of consolidated financial position(Amounts in thousands of euros) As of December 31 2024 2023 Total non-current assets 5 951 6 558 Cash and cash equivalents 49 737 75 283 Total current assets 61 466 87 339 TOTAL ASSETS 67 418 93 897 Net loss for the period (68 132) (39 700) Total shareholders’ equity (65 704) (1 843) Total non-current liabilities 74 187 45 866 Total current liabilities 58 934 49 873 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 67 418 93 897Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Full Year 2024 Financial Results', 'Business Update', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Reports', 'unresectable stage 3 non-small cell lung cancer', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'vast majority Nanobiotix funding obligation', 'Ongoing Pivotal Phase 3 LA-HNSCC Study', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'lung cancer Disciplined financial strategy', 'Johnson-sponsored Phase 2 randomized CONVERGE study', 'later line (2L+) therapy', 'neck squamous cell carcinoma', 'next generation nanotherapeutic platform', 'French financial market authority', 'Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Ongoing Randomized Phase 2 Study', 'future potential milestone payments', '1Q2025 Disciplined Financial Strategy', 'Phase 1 pancreatic cancer study', '$20M first milestone payment', 'NANORAY-312 US sponsorship transfer', 'Phase 1 NSCLC reRT study', 'Unresectable Stage 3 NSCLC', 'U.S. Securities', 'Phase 1 Study MDA', 'global NANORAY-312 sponsorship', 'largest untapped markets', 'global licensing agreement', 'multiple therapeutic classes', 'other major diseases', 'universal registration document', 'Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'encouraging oncologic outcomes', 'favorable safety profile', 'solid tumor types', 'gross tumor volume', 'dose escalation part', 'Clinical data readouts', 'Global development program', 'Multiple early-stage studies', 'Extended cash runway', 'operational cash burn', 'randomized study', 'neck cancer', 'Phase 2 dose', 'esophageal cancer', 'financial position', 'nanotherapeutic approaches', 'financial results', 'US FDA', 'first data', 'financial year', 'First patient', 'tumor response', 'operational progress', 'Operational Highlights', 'new data', 'cash equivalents', 'long-term sustainability', 'focused allocation', 'drug design', 'disease areas', 'Conference call', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'treatment possibilities', 'annual report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'interim analysis', 'disease control', 'The University', 'new cohort', 'concurrent chemoradiation', 'early signals', 'sustainable cashflow', 'coming years', 'lead programs', 'recurrent NSCLC', 'meaningful reduction', 'Johnson Company', 'protocol amendment', 'JNJ-1900 (NBTXR', '2 studies', 'opportunity', 'oncology', 'head', 'growth', 'capital', 'receipt', 'Curadigm', 'mid', 'December', 'RM-HNSCC', 'irradiation', 'melanoma', 'webcast', 'April', '8:00 A', 'CEST', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'patients', 'update', 'filing', 'URD', 'AMF', 'intent', '2Q2024', 'preparations', '3Q2025', 'anti-PD-1', 'metastatic', 'advanced', '4Q2024', 'investigators', 'exploration', 'launch', 'standard', 'care', 'CCRT', 'recruitment', 'RP2D', 'efficacy', 'May', 'path', 'hundreds', 'millions', '2:00']",2025-04-02,2025-04-02,markets.businessinsider.com
49842,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-detailed-dividend-payment-154500789.html,Euronext publishes its detailed dividend payment schedule for 2025,Euronext publishes its detailed dividend payment schedule for 2025 Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 2 April 2025 – In line with the dividend distribution policy of Euronext ,"Euronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 2 April 2025 – In line with the dividend distribution policy of Euronext  it is proposed to distribute 50% of 2024 reported net profit. As a consequence and subject to approval of shareholders at the Company’s Annual General Meeting to be held on 15 May 2025  the annual gross dividend on the 2024 results to be paid in 2025 amounts to €292.8 million  corresponding to a dividend per share of €2.90 (based on the total number of eligible shares).Story ContinuesAs of December 2024  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal host over 1 800 listed issuers with around €6 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X and LinkedIn.DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['detailed dividend payment schedule', 'Euronext', '2025', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'entire capital markets value chain', 'leading European capital market infrastructure', 'European lit equity trading', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'European power market', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Data Protection Officer', '2024 reported net profit', 'strong blue-chip franchise', 'largest global centre', 'international client base', 'dividend distribution policy', 'annual gross dividend', 'applicable national laws', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext Securities CSDs', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'European Parliament', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'personal data', 'applicable legislation', 'Nord Pool', 'total number', 'eligible shares', 'fund listings', 'diverse domestic', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'privacy statement', 'applicable rules', 'settlement services', '1,800 listed issuers', 'financial products', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Euronext Clearing', 'custody', 'solutions', 'investors', 'MTS', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '2 April', 'line', 'consequence', 'approval', 'shareholders', 'Company', '15 May', '2024 results', 'Story', 'December', 'exchanges', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'debt', 'equities', 'FX', 'ETFs', 'bonds', 'derivatives', 'commodities', 'indices', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'use', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'data-subjects', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '2025']",2025-04-02,2025-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
49843,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/iba-signs-contract-proteus-one-050000439.html,IBA signs contract for a Proteus®ONE solution to be installed at the Tri-Service General Hospital in Taiwan,IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has signed a contract for the supply of a Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution to be located at the Tri-Service General Hospital in Taipei ,IBA SALouvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  April 2nd  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has signed a contract for the supply of a Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution to be located at the Tri-Service General Hospital in Taipei  Taiwan.The contract includes the supply of a Proteus®ONE system and a Quality Assurance package from IBA Dosimetry. Proteus®ONE is the market leading compact proton therapy system  upgradable over time to continue to offer the latest technology to IBA users. The system will also include DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities  once this feature has received regulatory clearance.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: “We are pleased to secure this latest order  the third in Taiwan to date. There continues to be strong interest in our Proteus®ONE solution across Asia. We look forward to working closely with the Tri-Service General Hospital team so that their cancer patients can benefit from this cutting-edge technology.”Chun-Shu Lin  MD  PhD  Director and Professor at the Department of Radiation Oncology of Tri-Service General Hospital added: “We look forward to being able to offer proton therapy to our patients. It is clear to us that IBA is the most experienced and the most reliable supplier of this innovative treatment solution. The acquisition of IBA’s Proteus®ONE system represents a transformative step forward in our mission to provide cutting-edge  compassionate care. This will be the first DynamicARC® beam delivery system in Taiwan.”This is the third order of a Proteus®ONE system in Taiwan. Tri-Service General Hospital expects to start treating patients in late 2028. The first payment has been received.The typical end-user price for a Proteus®ONE system with a multi-year maintenance contract ranges between EUR 35 and 45 million.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB). More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Proteus®ONE solution', 'Tri-Service General Hospital', 'IBA', 'contract', 'Taiwan', 'Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'first DynamicARC® beam delivery system', 'leading compact proton therapy system', 'DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities', 'multi-year maintenance contract ranges', 'Tri-Service General Hospital team', 'Proteus®ONE solution', 'proton therapy solutions', 'Proteus®ONE system', 'Quality Assurance package', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'innovative treatment solution', 'typical end-user price', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'particle accelerator technology', 'cutting-edge, compassionate care', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'first payment', 'radiation therapy', 'leading provider', 'cutting-edge technology', 'leading supplier', 'latest technology', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'regulatory clearance', 'Olivier Legrain', 'latest order', 'strong interest', 'Chun-Shu Lin', 'Radiation Oncology', 'reliable supplier', 'transformative step', 'third order', 'advanced form', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'world leader', 'IBA SA', 'IBA users', 'cancer patients', 'IBA Dosimetry', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'April', 'EURONEXT', 'supply', 'Taipei', 'Taiwan', 'market', 'time', 'feature', 'date', 'Asia', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Director', 'Professor', 'Department', 'experienced', 'acquisition', 'mission', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB']",2025-04-02,2025-04-02,finance.yahoo.com
