UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,nan,🌽🍌🍉🍒🍈🥑🍇🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,Unknown
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,Unknown
12839,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,USAlliance  Marriott Employees' federal credit unions plan to join forces #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/SIc6E8XXqX #regtech,nan,USAlliance  Marriott Employees' federal credit unions plan to join forces #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/SIc6E8XXqX #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""Marriott Employees' federal credit unions"", 'USAlliance', 'forces', 'Fintech', ""Marriott Employees' federal credit unions"", 'USAlliance', 'forces', 'Fintech']",2022-11-08,2022-11-11,Unknown
12840,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@UKstockpicker It’ll likely be tricky if settles through Euroclear.   Send me isin and I’ll have a look.,nan,@UKstockpicker It’ll likely be tricky if settles through Euroclear.   Send me isin and I’ll have a look.,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['UKstockpicker', 'Euroclear', 'look', 'UKstockpicker', 'Euroclear', 'look']",2022-11-08,2022-11-11,Unknown
12841,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Euroclear is looking to hire talented and committed #DataEngineers to be based in #Paris. Check out the link below… https://t.co/do6rY88S4o,nan,#Euroclear is looking to hire talented and committed #DataEngineers to be based in #Paris. Check out the link below… https://t.co/do6rY88S4o,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['talented', 'link', 'talented', 'link']",2022-11-08,2022-11-11,Unknown
12847,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Google Cloud Next - How Deutsche Börse Group increased availability &amp; automation by migrating their SAP implementat… https://t.co/jUI44li6IH,nan,Google Cloud Next - How Deutsche Börse Group increased availability &amp; automation by migrating their SAP implementat… https://t.co/jUI44li6IH,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Google Cloud', 'SAP implementat', 'availability', 'amp', 'automation', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Google Cloud', 'SAP implementat', 'availability', 'amp', 'automation']",2022-11-08,2022-11-11,Unknown
12921,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/0Vx1UgT3wX,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/0Vx1UgT3wX,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-09,2022-11-11,Unknown
12927,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,nan,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees']",2022-11-09,2022-11-11,Unknown
12928,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,🆕 The IOTA Foundation said that it partnered with Crypto Finance Group  which is part of Deutsche Börse Group  to s… https://t.co/zzx6IiK19r,nan,🆕 The IOTA Foundation said that it partnered with Crypto Finance Group  which is part of Deutsche Börse Group  to s… https://t.co/zzx6IiK19r,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'The IOTA Foundation', 'part', 'zzx6IiK19r', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'The IOTA Foundation', 'part', 'zzx6IiK19r']",2022-11-09,2022-11-11,Unknown
12929,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,To support buy-side clients starting clearing OTC interest rate derivatives positions in the EU  Deutsche Börse’s d… https://t.co/01YSnfc9Vy,nan,To support buy-side clients starting clearing OTC interest rate derivatives positions in the EU  Deutsche Börse’s d… https://t.co/01YSnfc9Vy,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.02,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.02,True,English,"['OTC interest rate derivatives positions', 'Deutsche Börse', 'buy-side clients', 'YSnfc9Vy', 'OTC interest rate derivatives positions', 'Deutsche Börse', 'buy-side clients', 'YSnfc9Vy']",2022-11-08,2022-11-11,Unknown
12975,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-citycon-073400657.html,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Citycon Oyj,"The Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj will be held on Thursday  8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon. The meeting will be held...","HELSINKI  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj will be held on Thursday  8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon. The meeting will be held under special arrangements without shareholders' or their proxy representatives' presence at the headquarters of Citycon Oyj  at the address Piispansilta 9 A  FI-02230 Espoo  Finland.The Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the transitional provision enacted in connection with the changes (660/2022) to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006) regarding general meetings that entered into force on 11 July 2022. The General Meeting will be organized without shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue. Shareholders can participate in the General Meeting and use their shareholder rights in connection with the General Meeting by voting in advance (either personally or through a proxy representative) and by asking questions in advance in the manner described below. Proxy representatives must also vote in advance in the manner described below. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. ""Instructions for the Participants in the General Meeting"" of this notice.The Chairman of the Board of Directors  the members of the Board of Directors  the President and CEO and other management of the company will not attend the General Meeting and no webcast will be provided.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to OrderAttorney-at-law Mikko Heinonen will act as the Chairman of the General Meeting. If due to weighty reasons Mikko Heinonen is not able to act as the Chairman  the Board of Directors shall appoint another person it deems most suitable to act as the Chairman.3. Election of Persons to Scrutinize the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of VotesThe company's Senior Legal Counsel Leena Rentola will scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes at the General Meeting. Should Leena Rentola for a weighty reason not be able to attend these tasks  the company's Board of Directors will appoint another person that it deems most suitable to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the Legality of the Meeting5. Recording the Attendance and Adopting the List of VotesShareholders who have voted in advance in accordance with the instructions set out in this notice and who have the right to attend the General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act will be recorded to have attended the General Meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information furnished by Euroclear Finland Oy.6. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 11 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the company's registered office  Helsinki  as well as Espoo  Stockholm  Oslo or Copenhagen. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""11§The notice to convene a General Meeting shall be delivered by publishing the notice on the website of the Company.The notice to convene a General Meeting shall be delivered no earlier than two (2) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  and in any event no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting.In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must register with the Company no later than the date specified in the notice of the General Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the General Meeting.The General Meetings may be held  in addition to the Company's domicile Helsinki  in Espoo (Finland)  Stockholm (Sweden)  Oslo (Norway) or Copenhagen (Denmark) as may be resolved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.""It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.7. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe proposal for the decision on the agenda of the General Meeting and this notice will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 on 10 November 2022. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. Minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website as of 22 December 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the Participants in the General MeetingThe General Meeting will be organized without the shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue. Participation over real-time telecommunications or a recording of the General Meeting will not be available. Shareholders can participate in the General Meeting and use their shareholder rights only by voting in advance (either personally or through a proxy representative) and by asking questions in advance in the manner described below. Proxy representatives must also vote in advance in the manner described below.1. Right to participateEach shareholder  who is registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on 25 November 2022 has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the company's shareholders' register.Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under Section C4 ""Holders of nominee-registered shares"".2. Registration and voting in advanceRegistration for the General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting and vote in advance no later than by 30 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the votes must have been received.A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting from 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET) until 30 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by the following means:electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/egm2022. Registering and voting in advance requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a bank ID or mobile certificate.by sending the advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki.The advance voting form and instructions relating to the advance voting will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 no later than on 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET).If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all information required for registration and advance voting is duly provided. No other notification of participation is required for the General Meeting.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal data given to the company by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise  in a reliable manner  demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 as from 17 November 2022 onwards. Proxy documents and advance voting forms should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration and advance voting  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify himself/herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank IDs or a mobile certificate. More information on suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information will also be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which (s)he on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 25 November 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy not later than 5 December 2022 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered in the company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee registered shares before the due date for the registration. Further information on these matters can also be found on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022.5. Other instructions and informationA shareholder has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Such questions must be sent by email to legal@citycon.com at the latest by 23 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the questions must be received by the company.Such questions by shareholders and responses to such questions by the company will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 on 28 November 2022 at the latest. In connection with asking questions  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of their shareholding.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held by the shareholder.On the date of publication of this notice  10 November 2022  Citycon Oyj has 168 008 940 shares and votes.CITYCON OYJBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVP  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTelephone +358 50 387 8180sakari.jarvela@citycon.comCitycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.5 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-citycon-oyj-301674047.html",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.07,0.21,0.72,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Citycon Oyj', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Senior Legal Counsel Leena Rentola', ""proxy representatives' presence"", 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'law Mikko Heinonen', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The General Meetings', 'Meeting B. Documents', 'special arrangements', 'Piispansilta 9 A', 'meeting venue', 'Section C.', 'other management', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'weighty reasons', 'remote meeting', 'registered office', 'two (2) months', 'real time', 'technical means', 'other respects', 'Citycon Oyj', 'transitional provision', 'shareholder rights', 'record date', 'telecommunication connection', 'C. Instructions', 'HELSINKI', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'Thursday', 'December', '12:00 noon', 'shareholders', 'headquarters', 'address', 'Espoo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'changes', 'Chapter', 'force', '11 July', 'advance', 'questions', 'manner', 'Participants', 'notice', 'Chairman', 'members', 'President', 'CEO', 'company', 'webcast', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'person', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'tasks', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'List', 'accordance', 'Sections', 'information', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'addition', 'Stockholm', 'Oslo', 'Copenhagen', 'amended', 'website', 'event', 'nine', 'order', 'domicile', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'power', 'decision', 'full', 'Closing', 'proposal', '10 November', 'Copies', 'request', '6.', '§']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
12976,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553532/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-October-31-2022.html,BUREAU VERITAS Number of shares and voting rights as of October 31 2022,PRESS RELEASE  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – November 10  2022  Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16 of the......,English FrenchPRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – November 10  2022Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulatedby article 223-16 of the general regulations of theFrench financial markets authority AMFDate Number of shares(1) Number of voting rights 31/10/2022 452 365 554 Theoretical number of voting rights: 622 188 182Number of exercisable voting rights: 622 051 392(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2022.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel.: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 40/52 boulevard du Parc www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 398 847 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS Number', 'voting rights', 'shares', 'October', 'Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', '40/52 boulevard du Parc', 'French financial markets authority', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Seine RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'general regulations', 'stock options', 'Share capital', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'November', 'Information', 'article', 'AMF', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'Tel', 'bureauveritas', '33', '1']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
12977,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-citycon-oyj-301674047.html,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Citycon Oyj,"HELSINKI  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj will be held on Thursday  8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon. The meeting will be held under special arrangements without shareholders' or their proxy …","HELSINKI  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj will be held on Thursday  8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon. The meeting will be held under special arrangements without shareholders' or their proxy representatives' presence at the headquarters of Citycon Oyj  at the address Piispansilta 9 A  FI-02230 Espoo  Finland.The Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the transitional provision enacted in connection with the changes (660/2022) to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006) regarding general meetings that entered into force on 11 July 2022. The General Meeting will be organized without shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue. Shareholders can participate in the General Meeting and use their shareholder rights in connection with the General Meeting by voting in advance (either personally or through a proxy representative) and by asking questions in advance in the manner described below. Proxy representatives must also vote in advance in the manner described below. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. ""Instructions for the Participants in the General Meeting"" of this notice.The Chairman of the Board of Directors  the members of the Board of Directors  the President and CEO and other management of the company will not attend the General Meeting and no webcast will be provided.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to OrderAttorney-at-law Mikko Heinonen will act as the Chairman of the General Meeting. If due to weighty reasons Mikko Heinonen is not able to act as the Chairman  the Board of Directors shall appoint another person it deems most suitable to act as the Chairman.3. Election of Persons to Scrutinize the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of VotesThe company's Senior Legal Counsel Leena Rentola will scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes at the General Meeting. Should Leena Rentola for a weighty reason not be able to attend these tasks  the company's Board of Directors will appoint another person that it deems most suitable to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the Legality of the Meeting5. Recording the Attendance and Adopting the List of VotesShareholders who have voted in advance in accordance with the instructions set out in this notice and who have the right to attend the General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act will be recorded to have attended the General Meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information furnished by Euroclear Finland Oy.6. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 11 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the company's registered office  Helsinki  as well as Espoo  Stockholm  Oslo or Copenhagen. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""11§The notice to convene a General Meeting shall be delivered by publishing the notice on the website of the Company.The notice to convene a General Meeting shall be delivered no earlier than two (2) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  and in any event no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting.In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must register with the Company no later than the date specified in the notice of the General Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the General Meeting.The General Meetings may be held  in addition to the Company's domicile Helsinki  in Espoo (Finland)  Stockholm (Sweden)  Oslo (Norway) or Copenhagen (Denmark) as may be resolved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.""It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.7. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe proposal for the decision on the agenda of the General Meeting and this notice will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 on 10 November 2022. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. Minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website as of 22 December 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the Participants in the General MeetingThe General Meeting will be organized without the shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue. Participation over real-time telecommunications or a recording of the General Meeting will not be available. Shareholders can participate in the General Meeting and use their shareholder rights only by voting in advance (either personally or through a proxy representative) and by asking questions in advance in the manner described below. Proxy representatives must also vote in advance in the manner described below.1. Right to participateEach shareholder  who is registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on 25 November 2022 has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the company's shareholders' register.Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under Section C4 ""Holders of nominee-registered shares"".2. Registration and voting in advanceRegistration for the General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting and vote in advance no later than by 30 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the votes must have been received.A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting from 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET) until 30 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by the following means:electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/egm2022. Registering and voting in advance requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a bank ID or mobile certificate.by sending the advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to [email protected] or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki .The advance voting form and instructions relating to the advance voting will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 no later than on 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET).If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all information required for registration and advance voting is duly provided. No other notification of participation is required for the General Meeting.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal data given to the company by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise  in a reliable manner  demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 as from 17 November 2022 onwards. Proxy documents and advance voting forms should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to [email protected] before the last date for registration and advance voting  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify himself/herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank IDs or a mobile certificate. More information on suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information will also be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which (s)he on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 25 November 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy not later than 5 December 2022 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered in the company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee registered shares before the due date for the registration. Further information on these matters can also be found on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022.5. Other instructions and informationA shareholder has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Such questions must be sent by email to [email protected] at the latest by 23 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the questions must be received by the company.Such questions by shareholders and responses to such questions by the company will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 on 28 November 2022 at the latest. In connection with asking questions  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of their shareholding.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held by the shareholder.On the date of publication of this notice  10 November 2022  Citycon Oyj has 168 008 940 shares and votes.CITYCON OYJBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVP  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTelephone +358 50 387 8180[email protected]Citycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.5 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.07,0.21,0.72,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Citycon Oyj', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Senior Legal Counsel Leena Rentola', ""proxy representatives' presence"", 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'law Mikko Heinonen', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The General Meetings', 'Meeting B. Documents', 'special arrangements', 'Piispansilta 9 A', 'meeting venue', 'Section C.', 'other management', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'weighty reasons', 'remote meeting', 'registered office', 'two (2) months', 'real time', 'technical means', 'other respects', 'Citycon Oyj', 'transitional provision', 'shareholder rights', 'record date', 'telecommunication connection', 'C. Instructions', 'HELSINKI', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'Thursday', 'December', '12:00 noon', 'shareholders', 'headquarters', 'address', 'Espoo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'changes', 'Chapter', 'force', '11 July', 'advance', 'questions', 'manner', 'Participants', 'notice', 'Chairman', 'members', 'President', 'CEO', 'company', 'webcast', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'person', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'tasks', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'List', 'accordance', 'Sections', 'information', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'addition', 'Stockholm', 'Oslo', 'Copenhagen', 'amended', 'website', 'event', 'nine', 'order', 'domicile', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'power', 'decision', 'full', 'Closing', 'proposal', '10 November', 'Copies', 'request', '6.', '§']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
12978,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221110005584/en/PMHH-acquires-shares-in-Swedish-Match-outside-the-offer-and-becomes-the-owner-of-nearly-86-of-the-shares,PMHH acquires shares in Swedish Match outside the offer and becomes the owner of nearly 86% of the shares,BERGEN OP ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislatio…,"BERGEN OP ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law. Shareholders not resident in Sweden who wish to accept the Offer (as defined below) must make inquiries concerning applicable legislation and possible tax consequences. Shareholders should refer to the offer restrictions included in the section titled “Important information” at the end of this announcement and in the offer document  which has been published on the Offer website (www.smokefree-offer.com). Shareholders in the United States should also refer to the section entitled “Special notice to shareholders in the United States” at the end of this announcement.On May 11  2022  Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V.1 (“PMHH”)  an affiliate of Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI”)  announced a recommended public offer to the shareholders of Swedish Match AB (“Swedish Match”) to tender all shares in Swedish Match2 to PMHH (the “Offer”). On November 7  2022  PMHH declared the Offer unconditional and announced that it would complete the Offer and acquire all shares in Swedish Match that have been tendered in the Offer. In addition  PMHH extended the acceptance period until November 25  2022 and informed the Swedish Match shareholders that the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period will be reduced to SEK 115.07 in cash per share due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share for shareholders of record as of November 14  2022.The shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the acceptance period (which expired on November 4  2022) amounted to in aggregate 1 255 989 816 shares in Swedish Match3  corresponding to approximately 82.59 percent4 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match. Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer up to and including November 4  2022  is expected to be initiated around November 11  2022.As set forth in the offer document regarding the Offer made public on June 28  2022 (the “Offer Document”)  PMHH and its affiliates may  to the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  acquire  or take measures to acquire  shares in Swedish Match in other ways than through the Offer. Information about such acquisitions of shares  or measures to acquire shares  must be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.A shareholding exceeding 85 percent5 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match impacts the inclusion of Swedish Match shares in various market indexes  and is therefore information relevant for certain index funds holding shares in Swedish Match. In view of this  PMHH wishes to inform the Swedish Match shareholders that PMHH has acquired 49 899 948 shares in Swedish Match outside of the Offer since the announcement of the outcome of the Offer on November 7  2022. Accordingly  the total number of shares in Swedish Match acquired by PMHH  including the shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the acceptance period on November 4  2022  amounts to 1 305 889 764 shares  corresponding to approximately 85.87 percent5 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match. No acquisitions have been made at a price exceeding the price in the Offer.“We are pleased to have already reached almost 86% ownership of Swedish Match within the first 3 business days of the extension period ” said Jacek Olczak  Chief Executive Officer of PMI. “We encourage the remaining shareholders to tender as soon as possible in the extended time to avoid having to wait for payment through a potential minority redemption process  which we intend to initiate after reaching an ownership of more than 90%.”“We look forward to welcoming Swedish Match’s employees and leading oral nicotine portfolio into the PMI family to create a global smoke-free champion  notably bringing IQOS and ZYN together in both the U.S. and international markets. We will be working together to create value as we accelerate towards our shared vision of a smoke-free future.”PMHH will continue to strive towards an ownership in Swedish Match of more than 90 percent5 of the total number of shares in Swedish Match and thereafter initiate compulsory redemption of the remaining shares in Swedish Match under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  as well as promote a delisting of Swedish Match’s shares from Nasdaq Stockholm. For further information on the implications of PMHH’s ownership of less than 90 percent of the total number of registered shares in Swedish Match  PMHH refers shareholders of Swedish Match to the description thereof included in the section of the Offer Document entitled “Important notice to shareholders in the United States of America”.As previously announced  PMHH has extended the acceptance period until November 25  2022 at 17.00 (CET) to provide the remaining shareholders of Swedish Match who have not tendered their shares time to accept the Offer. Due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share with record date for the payment on November 14  2022  and expected date for payment through Euroclear Sweden on November 17  2022  the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period will  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer6  be reduced accordingly to SEK 115.07 in cash per share. For further information regarding Swedish Match’s resolution on dividends at the annual general meeting 2022  please refer to Swedish Match’s website  www.swedishmatch.com. Since the Offer is unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer  or will accept the Offer  have no right to withdraw acceptances.For administrative questions regarding the Offer  please contact your bank or the nominee registered as holder of your shares.The information was submitted for publication on November 10  2022 at 1.30 p.m. (CET).Information about the Offerwww.smokefree-offer.comImportant informationThis press release has been published in Swedish and English. In the event of any discrepancy in content between the two language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law (each a “Restricted Jurisdiction”). This offer constitutes an ""exempt take-over bid"" for purpose of applicable Canadian securities laws and shareholders resident in Canada are entitled to participate in the Offer on the same terms as shareholders in other applicable jurisdictions.The release  publication  or distribution of this press release in or into jurisdictions other than Sweden may be restricted by law  and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction other than Sweden should inform themselves about and observe any applicable requirements. In particular  the ability of persons who are not resident in Sweden to accept the Offer may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  the companies and persons involved in the Offer disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person.This announcement has been prepared for the purpose of complying with Swedish law  the Takeover Rules  and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this press release had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than Sweden.Unless otherwise determined by PMHH or required by Swedish law  the Takeover Rules and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and permitted by applicable law and regulation  the Offer will not be made available  directly or indirectly  in  into  or from a Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws and regulations in that jurisdiction  and no person may accept the Offer by any use  means  or instrumentality (including  but not limited to  facsimile  email  or other electronic transmission  telex  or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facility of a national  state  or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and the Offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use  means  instrumentality  or facilities. Accordingly  copies of this press release and any formal documentation relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed  or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and persons receiving such documents (including custodians  nominees  and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute  or send them in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction.The availability of the Offer to shareholders of Swedish Match who are not resident in and citizens of Sweden may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are respectively located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in or citizens of Sweden should inform themselves of  and abide by  any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions.The Offer and the information and documents contained in this press release are not being made and have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  the information and documents contained in this press release are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom  unless an exemption applies. The communication of the information and documents contained in this press release is exempt from the restriction on financial promotions under section 21 of the FSMA on the basis that it is a communication by or on behalf of a body corporate that relates to a transaction to acquire day-to-day control of the affairs of a body corporate or to acquire 50 percent or more of the voting shares in a body corporate  within article 62 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005.This press release contains statements relating to future status or circumstances  including statements regarding remaining transactional steps and requirements and the ultimate success of the acquisition  that are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may generally  but not always  be identified by the use of words such as “anticipates ” “intends ” “expects ” “believes ” or similar expressions. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to many factors  many of which are outside the control of PMI and PMHH. Any such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and PMI and PMHH have no obligation (and undertake no such obligation) to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except for in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Merrill Lynch International (“BofA Securities”) and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“Citi”)  which are authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated in the U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA  are acting as financial advisers for PMHH and for no one else in connection with the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than PMHH for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing advice in connection with the Offer or any other matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BofA Securities  Citi  nor any of their respective affiliates  directors  or employees owes or accepts any duty  liability  or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect  consequential  whether in contract  in tort  in delict  under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BofA Securities or Citi  respectively  in connection with this announcement  any statement contained herein  the Offer  or otherwise.Special notice to shareholders in the United StatesThe Offer described in this press release is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Swedish Match  a company incorporated under Swedish law  and is subject to Swedish disclosure and procedural requirements  which may be different from those of the United States. In the United States  the Offer will also be made in accordance with certain provisions of the United States federal securities laws  to the extent applicable  including Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended  and Regulation 14E thereunder (“Regulation 14E”); provided that PMHH has requested  and the Division of Corporation Finance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) has granted  relief exempting the Offer from certain requirements of Regulation 14E in order to align aspects of the Offer in which Swedish laws and market practice conflict with U.S. federal securities laws. Accordingly  the disclosure and procedures regarding the Offer  including with respect to withdrawal rights  the Offer timetable  notices of extensions  announcements of results  settlement procedures (including as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered)  and waivers of conditions  may be different from requirements or customary practices in relation to U.S. domestic tender offers. Holders of the shares of Swedish Match domiciled or resident in the United States (the “U.S. Holders”) are encouraged to consult with their advisers regarding the Offer.Swedish Match’s financial statements and all financial information included herein  or any other documents relating to the Offer  have been or will be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of companies in the United States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Offer is made to the U.S. Holders on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Swedish Match to whom the Offer is being made. Any information documents  including the offer document  are being disseminated to U.S. Holders on a basis comparable to the method pursuant to which such documents are provided to Swedish Match’s other shareholders.The U.S. Holders should consider that the price for the Offer is being paid in SEK and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.It may be difficult for U.S. Holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal or U.S. state securities laws in connection with the Offer  since Swedish Match and PMHH are located in countries other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the United States. U.S. Holders may not be able to sue Swedish Match or PMHH or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel Swedish Match or PMHH and/or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction or judgment of a U.S. court.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  and in reliance on relief granted by the SEC exempting the Offer from certain of the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under Regulation 14E  PMHH and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for PMHH or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase shares of Swedish Match outside the United States (or securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for  or exercisable for such shares). These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and information about such purchases will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. Holders of such information  to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations. In addition  affiliates to the financial advisers to PMHH may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Swedish Match  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities as long as such purchases or arrangements comply with applicable laws and regulations. Any information about such purchases will be announced in Swedish and in an English translation available to the U.S. Holders through relevant electronic media  including the Offer website at www.smokefree-offer.com  if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable Swedish or U.S. law  rules  or regulations.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. Holder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each shareholder is urged to consult an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Offer. Neither PMHH nor any of its affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees  or agents or any other person acting on their behalf in connection with the Offer shall be responsible for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from acceptance of this Offer.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS PRESS RELEASE  OR MADE ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE IN THE UNITED STATES.For the purposes of this press release  “United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America  including its territories and possessions and all states of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.1 A Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap)  with corporate registration number 20028955 and corporate seat in Bergen op Zoom  the Netherlands  indirectly wholly owned by PMI.2 Excluding any treasury shares held by Swedish Match (currently 4 285 810 shares).3 Including the 1 255 945 656 shares tendered in the Offer at November 4  2022  as announced in the outcome press release dated November 7  2022  and 44 160 shares tendered through late acceptances recorded on the morning November 7  2022.4 Excluding any treasury shares held by Swedish Match (currently 4 285 810 shares).5 Excluding any treasury shares held by Swedish Match (currently 4 285 810 shares).6 According to the terms and conditions of the Offer  as set out in the Offer Document  if prior to settlement of the Offer  Swedish Match (i) distributes dividends or (ii) in any other way distributes or transfers value to its shareholders  the consideration in the Offer will be reduced accordingly. As the payment of the dividend  expected on November 17  2022  takes place before settlement of shares tendered in the Offer during the further extended acceptance period  expected around December 2  2022  the SEK 0.93 dividend payment will not be received by PMHH  but by the shareholder registered as of the record date on November 14  2022.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.17,0.47,True,English,"['Swedish Match', 'PMHH', 'shares', 'offer', 'owner', 'Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V', 'Philip Morris International Inc.', 'leading oral nicotine portfolio', 'potential minority redemption process', 'index funds holding shares', 'possible tax consequences', 'various market indexes', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'first 3 business days', 'global smoke-free champion', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Swedish Match AB', 'Swedish Match shareholders', 'Swedish Match shares', 'international markets', 'compulsory redemption', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'smoke-free future', 'Swedish Match2', 'OP ZOOM', 'Regulatory News', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'other jurisdiction', 'relevant jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'United States', 'Special notice', 'acceptance period', 'voting rights', 'other ways', 'total number', 'extension period', 'Jacek Olczak', 'extended time', 'U.S.', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Important notice', 'share capital', 'applicable legislation', 'remaining shareholders', 'remaining shares', 'registered shares', 'PMI family', 'offer restrictions', 'offer document', 'Offer website', 'public offer', 'Important information', '1,255,989,816 shares', '49,899,948 shares', '1,305,889,764 shares', 'Netherlands', 'announcement', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'regulations', 'Sweden', 'inquiries', 'section', 'May', 'PMHH', 'affiliate', 'November', 'addition', 'price', 'SEK', 'cash', 'payment', 'record', 'aggregate', '82.59 percent4', 'Settlement', 'June', 'extent', 'measures', 'acquisitions', 'accordance', 'shareholding', '85 percent5', 'inclusion', 'view', 'outcome', '85.87 percent5', '86% ownership', 'employees', 'IQOS', 'ZYN', 'value', 'vision', '90 percent5', 'delisting', 'implications', 'less', 'description', 'America']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,businesswire.com
12979,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artmarketcom-reports-q3-revenue-growth-y-o-y-and-announces-significant-increase-in-subscription-and-service-prices-deployment-of-the-most-advanced-version-of-artpricecom-301673766.html,Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com,PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other th…,"PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other things  to a change in the economic model with paid advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services  its Artist pages and its Web 3.0 dimension.Future events in Q4 2022 and Q1 2023In mid-December 2022  Artprice by Artmarket will deploy its new version  the most advanced in its history  that will allow it to provide a much more comprehensive response to customer inquiries and information queries in this digital decade. After a development phase extended by 18 months due to the Covid pandemic  this major revamp has involved all of Artprice's databases and services.After a call for tenders at the end of 2019  Artprice by Artmarket selected a team of very high-level and committed external consultants to audit and develop a complete overhaul of Artprice.com  with a solid UI/UX approach (UX and UI respectively stand for User Experience and User Interface). The results of this user-centric approach will be visible in mid-December.The new website will also boast a new economic model with the inclusion of paying advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services. These advertisers will be primarily the 6 400 auction houses worldwide affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and which now conduct 98% of their sales online. They will now be able to highlight their future sales in paying advertiser mode  based on the search criteria used by Artprice's 5.4 million users. The resulting targeting will be extremely relevant.We note that for over 50 years  the economic model of auction houses has systematically involved advertising costs – announcing details of upcoming sales – that accounted for approximately 34% of their overall costs  regardless of the country or the size of their activity.Since auctions are now 98% advertised on the Internet  the pressure from Artprice-affiliated auction houses in 2022 to promote their sales for a fee has found the best solution on our new website. It is only logical that auction houses now consider their advertisement of future sales (34% of the cost of the sale) makes more sense on the Internet rather than in the printed press.In the past  Artprice has always considered online advertising incompatible with its databases in terms of readability and notoriety. It was therefore a major challenge to respond to demand from auction houses for advertising while maintaining Artprice's core DNA.In the new roll-out  the 6 400 auction operators will be able to integrate and merge the announcements of their future sales into the entire industrial process of Artprice by Artmarket  along with ""pushing"" the artists selected as favorites to Artprice's 5.4 million users (alerts by text messages  RSS  instant messaging  e-mail  My Artists page  etc.).It is quite possible that the advertising revenue generated by these 6 400 auction houses affiliated with Artprice since 1997 will ultimately exceed our subscription revenue (currently 90% of Artprice's total revenue). Artprice therefore believes that by responding to a long-standing request from its partner auction houses  the new business model could double its future revenue.In responding to the numerous and repeated requests from its 6 400 affiliated auction houses around the world to be able to profitably advertise their future sales  Artprice has made every effort to remain faithful to its principle of prioritizing the readability of its databases.Significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in early January 2023   a complete overhaul of the Artists Pages in AI and Web 3.0  Art NFTs for better global visibility of the 800 000 artists listed by Artprice by ArtmarketArtmarket.com will be introducing a significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in January 2023 that will generate an increase in future income. As Artmarket.com has been profitable for a decade  the bulk of the additional revenue will translate into additional net income because under the French fiscal regime  we can generate up to 90 million euros p/a without incurring additional tax charges.The fee increases follow extensive consultation with Artprice by Artmarket customers who will continue to benefit from our databases and services  being well aware that they find essential data in Artprice that they cannot find anywhere else. Our indisputable position as World Leader in Art Market Information since 1997 must now be commercially exploited at its true value. Remember that our databases are continually updated with ultra-detailed and qualified data: well over a million new data logs every year.According to a consensus of art market professionals  Artprice's databases are today unquestionably the most comprehensive in the world with nearly 800 000 artists referenced with their biographies  auction results  indices  decision-making support tools  signatures & monograms  information about past and future sales. In total  this adds up to several tens of millions of inter-connected and high value-added data logs  all protected by various intellectual property rights.Despite the substantial price increase  Artprice by Artmarket's offer remains by far the best-placed compared with the slowly evolving offer from our competition which offers limited-search annual professional subscriptions (e.g. 150 queries for €350/year  450 queries for €975/year and  in the event of overrun  €2.45 per search). (Information certified by Court Bailiff in November 2022).In the world of ""unlimited"" offers  these offers are quite simply anachronistic. Moreover  the competitions' offer is based on data regarding only 330 000 artists and from a selection of only 1 600 auction houses  whereas Artprice by Artmarket covers 800 000 artists and 6 400 auction houses  with unlimited subscriptions from €265 to €529/year including a range of indices  decision-making tools and signatures & monograms that is unique in the world. In short  Artprice's offer will remain highly competitive even after the fee increase and with further margin for additional price rises in the future.Somewhat counter-intuitively – given the geopolitical and economic context – the global art market is displaying insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for works from all artistic periods  regardless of the country  during recent sales sessions. And there have been no cancellations of classic and/or prestige cataloged sales for 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that art is a safe-haven investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which has clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices. The current period of stock market jitters has channeled new funds and investments into the art market. As the end of the year approaches  it is clear that the war in Ukraine and fears of a major recession have not had a negative impact on the art market.On 8 November last  AFP  the French Press Agency  highlighted this phenomenon in an article titled ""Collection of Microsoft co-founder could fetch over a billion dollars in New York""  adding ""By auctioning in New York the art collected by Paul Allen (Microsoft's co-founder who died in 2018)  Christie's is aiming for a historic sales record in a bold move that reflects a market whose indicators are higher than ever  despite the geopolitical and economic crises.""During December 2022  as part of our major revamp  we will be introducing significant changes to the presentation of our databases and Artist Pages on Artprice by Artmarket. This development  conceived with a UI/UX approach  will therefore be effective ahead of the tariff increase with the objective of boosting Artmarket.com's revenues from the very start of 2023.Conceived after 18 months of in-depth analysis by a highly specialized team of UI/UX consultants  the changes we are introducing take into account the sentiment of users when they navigate our digital media (databases and services). The objective of UX design is to enhance the experience of Artprice customers and/or prospective customers as much as possible in order to make it easier and more intuitive  both on mobile and desktop devices. As a result of these changes the expectations and needs of Artprice's customers and users will be better satisfied.Thanks to UX design  online navigation is more fluid and more effective. It eliminates the incomprehension that users often encounters in their daily online experiences and takes into account not just the logistics of online navigation  but also the 'emotional' aspect of online navigation.The Interface aspect (UI design) of our modifications has focused on enhancing the interaction of Artprice users with our databases and services. This approach has been used at all stages in the development of our new website  right through to its roll-out in mid-December 2022.Unlike UX (user experience)  UI is more focused on the visual aspect in order to attract the user's eye and to encourage Artprice users to remain on the various databases and services. The UI approach has facilitated navigation through all of Artprice's decision support tools. Its primary objective is to attract new prospects and customers  enthusiasts  collectors and art market professionals. Thus  Artprice has modified its R&D policy by collaborating in a highly selective manner with the very best consultants in the field in order to acquire new market shares.The Artists Pages are the principal and most common entry points to all of Artprice's databases and services because artists are the foundation on which the art market has been based since its origin. It is for this reason that our website revamp has aimed to reposition artists at the heart of the art market  a position that is inevitable with the production of Art NFTs which are one of the foundations of Web 3.0.This global overhaul of Artprice aims to give its customers and users a better experience  in line with their needs  after several years of collecting and analyzing their queries  in strict compliance with the legislation in force in Europe and the USA.This overhaul includes  of course  the arrival of Art NFTs  the growth of which is exponential and constitutes a paradigm shift for artists in the art market who find themselves once again masters of their destiny  as was the case during the Renaissance.All of the art market's market-makers  and in particular the majority of its auction houses around the world  now have an NFT department for cataloged and online sales throughout the year. Likewise  all the major structures in the museum/art galleries industry are starting to publish their own NFTs.In addition  the major overhaul of Artprice by Artmarket.com will at last allow the exploitation of the largest proprietary collection of original manuscripts and printed sales catalogs in the world. Dating back to 1700  and owned by Artprice  this collection is the very foundation of Artprice's digital standardization of the art market and of its position as the World Leader in Art Market Information for the past 25 years.Thus  Artprice users and prospects will now be able to navigate from the Artist Pages to several centuries of knowledge that Artprice by Artmarket's historians and editors have been organizing over the last 25 years  allowing them to immerse themselves in the exceptional and mysterious history of the art market.These new pages will highlight the wealth of Artmarket.com's databases and services  with high added value. The use of algorithmic AI (Artificial Intelligence) will allow access to very relevant and personalized recommendations  to enhance customers' knowledge of the art market and to generate more sophisticated subscriptions and therefore more business revenue.Indeed  this feature takes Artprice by Artmarket clients and users into a Web 3.0 dimension and – by extension – into the domain of Art NFTs  thereby giving Artmarket.com a considerable lead in its core business.During the course of the development of our major roll-out scheduled in December 2022  Artprice listened to both its historical customers and its new customers and prospects.Indeed  with cryptocurrencies  Art NFTs and the Metaverse  new collectors and art enthusiasts have arrived  often considerably younger than their predecessors. There are now more than 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs. Accustomed to speculation and risk-taking  but art enthusiasts and collectors nonetheless  they have absolutely no intention of abandoning their Web 3.0 crypto-universe.These are the new clients of Artmarket.com  whose services they have frequently requested. Their main demand in recent years has been that we post art prices in ETH and BTC in all Artprice databases.This huge global community could not understand why Artprice's reference databases only quoted prices in the world's main fiat currencies  without the two main cryptocurrencies (ETH and BTC)  which weigh more than 82% of the 21 000 cryptocurrencies (excluding Stablecoins).Appreciating the business opportunity represented by 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs  Artprice by Artmarket's IT  econometric and marketing teams therefore moved quickly to respond positively to their demand.Artmarket.com has therefore once again taken a major step forward that required considerable reflection and an imposing volume of work. As a result since September 2022  Artprice now quotes 8 828 384 art auction results in Bitcoin (going back to 1 February 2011 when 1 Bitcoin was worth $0.7  £0.434031 and €0.50707) and 5 814 866 art auction results in Ethereum (going back to 7 August 2015 when 1 Ethereum was worth $3  £1.93626 and €2.735523).Naturally  the tens of millions of calculations underlying this ambitious project were made using the value of the respective cryptocurrencies on the days the respective sales were concluded. The values were calculated by Artmarket.com's proprietary IT systems.https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/09/12/artmarket_com-adds-ethereum-and-bitcoin-to-its-multi-currency-artprice-databases-to-meet-the-needs-of-its-customers-and-prepareSince 1997 Artprice's primary ambition has been to foster art market transparency by expanding knowledge from a circle of insiders to the general population in order to facilitate its development and growth. The new presentation of Artprice by Artmarket will enhance this transparency through access to verified  verifiable and above all contextualized data.Indeed  when navigating our new website  clients and members of Artprice by Artmarket will intuitively dive into the heart of art market news and will be privileged players within a human and educational approach  which is often lacking in the world of the GAFAs.Over the years  Artprice  as the World Leader in Art Market Information  has been a partner in numerous essential and historic collaborations with artists. Their contributions have been clearly reflected in the development of our new interface with users.The other essential collaboration has of course been with the auction houses which will now have a growing interest in collaborating with Artprice. Henceforward we will promote their future sales with discreet and effective prestige  thereby generating new recurring income for Artprice with its proprietary Intranet  which has been the reference work tool for auction houses for many years.After two years of R&D – extended by the circumstances of the Covid pandemic – Artmarket.com customers  partners and members will be able to immerse themselves in a new experience at the heart of the art market. This is undoubtedly one of the founding steps for the future of Artprice by Artmarket  with its positioning fundamentally improved by the referencing of images on search engines (SEOs) and the dual objectives of increasing traffic in order to conquer new market shares and to monopolize the market for the certification of primary issues of Art NFTs.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice:""Artprice by Artmarket.com has patiently and methodically given itself all the means to evolve in response to the needs of Art Market professionals. All the indicators are positive for the future and we project a doubling of revenue  notably by opening up to paying advertisers integrated into our services and databases.We have also developed  since 2017  processes to optimize the use of our servers  by limiting the power required and reducing the energy consumption of Artprice's Data Centers by 40%. This has been achieved by using the principle of micro-grids which allow a better exploitation of production units (a multiple technologies decision) and the use of mainly renewable energies.Through its commitment to the micro-grid  the Artprice by Artmarket Data Centers are part of a responsible and shared environmental logic (without risk for Artprice's processing requirements) which involves analyzing the evolution of renewable energies with regard to new applied sciences and ongoing research according to the principle of ""formativity"" (notion coined by Luigi Pareyson).Given the generous geography of our head office (Domaine de la Source  built in 1630)  we are developing  with partners  a 'climatic' system based on the technique of artesian wells which capture water from deep layers of subsoil. This system will be protected by patents that will be filed by Artprice and Server Group  and it will respond in an ecologically responsible manner to the current energy crisis which is far more serious than the two oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 and which is only just beginning.As a global leader  Artprice considers eco-responsibility a philosophical and moral obligation. It is coherent with our market position  our corporate culture and the sentiments of our customers.Moreover  as regards the exchange of Art NFTs on its Marketplace and given the current energy context  Artmarket.com is pleased to have preferred Ethereum for a long time and fully supports the remarks by France's Minister of the Economy  Mr. Bruno Le Maire  as indicated in a previous press release:https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/10/20/artmarket_com-already-positioned-on-nfts-with-artprice-reacts-to-an-interview-on-bfm-crypto-with-bruno-le-maire-and-notably-hisArtprice by Artmarket.com confirms that in the first two quarters of 2022  the phenomenon of Art NFTs became a lasting segment of the art market on all continents with an acceleration of turnover and volumes in the second half of 2022 due notably to the purge of crypto-currencies and much more favorable new legislation in the USA as well as the introduction of regulatory framework in Europe that prevents crypto-abuse/fraud and enhances the confidence of consumers  investors and operators.These regulations have been the subject of studies  colloquia and proposals to major French and European government bodies by Blanche Sousi and the Art & Law Institute  where Artprice by Artmarket has been heavily involved as a long-standing member since 1997.Artprice invites you to read the latest Banques Notes published by the European Center for Research in Banking and Finance  with the analysis of Blanche Sousi  Professor Emeritus of the University of Lyon 3  Jean Monnet Chair ad personam in European banking and monetary law:""The European Regulation MiCAR has just been adopted: are NFTs regulated? No  but…"": https://banque-notes.eu/le-reglement-europeen-micar-vient-detre-adopte-les-nfts-sont-ils-reglementes-non-mais/thierry Ehrmann  Founder of Artprice and CEO of Artmarket.com emphasizes: ""In its various annual reports on the Art Market and its regulated information  Artprice by Artmarket.com has always said with regard to NFTs that it is impossible to apprehend this new market without a perfect knowledge of the relevant Monetary & Financial Codes and Intellectual Property Codes of the countries in which the market is operating. Similarly  to appreciate the nature of this market (experiencing exponential growth)  one also needs a true understanding of Blockchain  crypto-currencies and their cultural origins among the Cypherpunks (period of PGP-type data encryption at the beginning of 1990).""Copyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.coml Don't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.coml Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demol Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 800 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6400 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comArtprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.9 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact:Thierry Ehrmann  ir@artmarket.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.41,True,English,"['Q3 revenue growth', 'Artmarket.com', 'significant increase', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'subscription', 'deployment', 'Artprice.', 'million new data logs', 'committed external consultants', 'entire industrial process', 'French fiscal regime', 'decision-making support tools', 'additional tax charges', 'art market professionals', 'solid UI/UX approach', 'Q3 revenue growth', 'additional net income', 'Art Market Information', 'new business model', 'Artprice-affiliated auction houses', 'partner auction houses', '6,400 affiliated auction houses', 'new economic model', 'additional revenue', '6,400 auction houses', 'Art NFTs', 'essential data', 'qualified data', 'new version', 'new website', 'new roll-out', 'information queries', 'user-centric approach', '5.4 million users', 'future income', '90 million euros', '6,400 auction operators', 'total revenue', 'future revenue', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'other things', 'Artist pages', 'Future events', 'comprehensive response', 'customer inquiries', 'development phase', 'Covid pandemic', 'major revamp', 'complete overhaul', 'User Experience', 'User Interface', 'two decades', 'advertiser mode', 'search criteria', 'resulting targeting', 'overall costs', 'best solution', 'printed press', 'major challenge', 'core DNA', 'text messages', 'instant messaging', 'standing request', 'repeated requests', 'global visibility', 'extensive consultation', 'indisputable position', 'true value', 'advertising revenue', 'auction results', 'significant increase', 'advertising costs', 'online advertising', 'future sales', 'upcoming sales', 'subscription revenue', 'Artmarket.com', 'Web 3.0 dimension', 'digital decade', 'early January', 'fee increases', 'Artmarket customers', 'Artists page', 'paying advertisers', 'services fees', 'World Leader', 'Artprice.com', '800,000 artists', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'deployment', 'mid-December', 'change', 'databases', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'history', '18 months', 'call', 'tenders', 'team', 'high-level', 'inclusion', '50 years', 'details', 'country', 'size', 'activity', 'auctions', 'Internet', 'pressure', 'advertisement', 'sense', 'past', 'terms', 'readability', 'notoriety', 'demand', 'announcements', 'favorites', 'RSS', 'mail', 'My', 'long', 'numerous', 'effort', 'principle', 'subscriptions', 'bulk', 'ultra-detailed', 'consensus', 'biographies', 'indices', 'signatures', 'monograms', '2019']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.co.uk
12980,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-reports-q3-revenue-growth-y-o-y-and-announces-significant-increase-in-subscription-and-service-prices-deployment-of-the-most-advanced-version-of-artpricecom-301673747.html,Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com,PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other th…,"PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other things  to a change in the economic model with paid advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services  its Artist pages and its Web 3.0 dimension.Future events in Q4 2022 and Q1 2023In mid-December 2022  Artprice by Artmarket will deploy its new version  the most advanced in its history  that will allow it to provide a much more comprehensive response to customer inquiries and information queries in this digital decade. After a development phase extended by 18 months due to the Covid pandemic  this major revamp has involved all of Artprice's databases and services.After a call for tenders at the end of 2019  Artprice by Artmarket selected a team of very high-level and committed external consultants to audit and develop a complete overhaul of Artprice.com  with a solid UI/UX approach (UX and UI respectively stand for User Experience and User Interface). The results of this user-centric approach will be visible in mid-December.The new website will also boast a new economic model with the inclusion of paying advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services. These advertisers will be primarily the 6 400 auction houses worldwide affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and which now conduct 98% of their sales online. They will now be able to highlight their future sales in paying advertiser mode  based on the search criteria used by Artprice's 5.4 million users. The resulting targeting will be extremely relevant.We note that for over 50 years  the economic model of auction houses has systematically involved advertising costs – announcing details of upcoming sales – that accounted for approximately 34% of their overall costs  regardless of the country or the size of their activity.Since auctions are now 98% advertised on the Internet  the pressure from Artprice-affiliated auction houses in 2022 to promote their sales for a fee has found the best solution on our new website. It is only logical that auction houses now consider their advertisement of future sales (34% of the cost of the sale) makes more sense on the Internet rather than in the printed press.In the past  Artprice has always considered online advertising incompatible with its databases in terms of readability and notoriety. It was therefore a major challenge to respond to demand from auction houses for advertising while maintaining Artprice's core DNA.In the new roll-out  the 6 400 auction operators will be able to integrate and merge the announcements of their future sales into the entire industrial process of Artprice by Artmarket  along with ""pushing"" the artists selected as favorites to Artprice's 5.4 million users (alerts by text messages  RSS  instant messaging  e-mail  My Artists page  etc.).It is quite possible that the advertising revenue generated by these 6 400 auction houses affiliated with Artprice since 1997 will ultimately exceed our subscription revenue (currently 90% of Artprice's total revenue). Artprice therefore believes that by responding to a long-standing request from its partner auction houses  the new business model could double its future revenue.In responding to the numerous and repeated requests from its 6 400 affiliated auction houses around the world to be able to profitably advertise their future sales  Artprice has made every effort to remain faithful to its principle of prioritizing the readability of its databases.Significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in early January 2023   a complete overhaul of the Artists Pages in AI and Web 3.0  Art NFTs for better global visibility of the 800 000 artists listed by Artprice by ArtmarketArtmarket.com will be introducing a significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in January 2023 that will generate an increase in future income. As Artmarket.com has been profitable for a decade  the bulk of the additional revenue will translate into additional net income because under the French fiscal regime  we can generate up to 90 million euros p/a without incurring additional tax charges.The fee increases follow extensive consultation with Artprice by Artmarket customers who will continue to benefit from our databases and services  being well aware that they find essential data in Artprice that they cannot find anywhere else. Our indisputable position as World Leader in Art Market Information since 1997 must now be commercially exploited at its true value. Remember that our databases are continually updated with ultra-detailed and qualified data: well over a million new data logs every year.According to a consensus of art market professionals  Artprice's databases are today unquestionably the most comprehensive in the world with nearly 800 000 artists referenced with their biographies  auction results  indices  decision-making support tools  signatures & monograms  information about past and future sales. In total  this adds up to several tens of millions of inter-connected and high value-added data logs  all protected by various intellectual property rights.Despite the substantial price increase  Artprice by Artmarket's offer remains by far the best-placed compared with the slowly evolving offer from our competition which offers limited-search annual professional subscriptions (e.g. 150 queries for €350/year  450 queries for €975/year and  in the event of overrun  €2.45 per search). (Information certified by Court Bailiff in November 2022).In the world of ""unlimited"" offers  these offers are quite simply anachronistic. Moreover  the competitions' offer is based on data regarding only 330 000 artists and from a selection of only 1 600 auction houses  whereas Artprice by Artmarket covers 800 000 artists and 6 400 auction houses  with unlimited subscriptions from €265 to €529/year including a range of indices  decision-making tools and signatures & monograms that is unique in the world. In short  Artprice's offer will remain highly competitive even after the fee increase and with further margin for additional price rises in the future.Somewhat counter-intuitively – given the geopolitical and economic context – the global art market is displaying insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for works from all artistic periods  regardless of the country  during recent sales sessions. And there have been no cancellations of classic and/or prestige cataloged sales for 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that art is a safe-haven investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which has clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices. The current period of stock market jitters has channeled new funds and investments into the art market. As the end of the year approaches  it is clear that the war in Ukraine and fears of a major recession have not had a negative impact on the art market.On 8 November last  AFP  the French Press Agency  highlighted this phenomenon in an article titled ""Collection of Microsoft co-founder could fetch over a billion dollars in New York""  adding ""By auctioning in New York the art collected by Paul Allen (Microsoft's co-founder who died in 2018)  Christie's is aiming for a historic sales record in a bold move that reflects a market whose indicators are higher than ever  despite the geopolitical and economic crises.""During December 2022  as part of our major revamp  we will be introducing significant changes to the presentation of our databases and Artist Pages on Artprice by Artmarket. This development  conceived with a UI/UX approach  will therefore be effective ahead of the tariff increase with the objective of boosting Artmarket.com's revenues from the very start of 2023.Conceived after 18 months of in-depth analysis by a highly specialized team of UI/UX consultants  the changes we are introducing take into account the sentiment of users when they navigate our digital media (databases and services). The objective of UX design is to enhance the experience of Artprice customers and/or prospective customers as much as possible in order to make it easier and more intuitive  both on mobile and desktop devices. As a result of these changes the expectations and needs of Artprice's customers and users will be better satisfied.Thanks to UX design  online navigation is more fluid and more effective. It eliminates the incomprehension that users often encounters in their daily online experiences and takes into account not just the logistics of online navigation  but also the 'emotional' aspect of online navigation.The Interface aspect (UI design) of our modifications has focused on enhancing the interaction of Artprice users with our databases and services. This approach has been used at all stages in the development of our new website  right through to its roll-out in mid-December 2022.Unlike UX (user experience)  UI is more focused on the visual aspect in order to attract the user's eye and to encourage Artprice users to remain on the various databases and services. The UI approach has facilitated navigation through all of Artprice's decision support tools. Its primary objective is to attract new prospects and customers  enthusiasts  collectors and art market professionals. Thus  Artprice has modified its R&D policy by collaborating in a highly selective manner with the very best consultants in the field in order to acquire new market shares.The Artists Pages are the principal and most common entry points to all of Artprice's databases and services because artists are the foundation on which the art market has been based since its origin. It is for this reason that our website revamp has aimed to reposition artists at the heart of the art market  a position that is inevitable with the production of Art NFTs which are one of the foundations of Web 3.0.This global overhaul of Artprice aims to give its customers and users a better experience  in line with their needs  after several years of collecting and analyzing their queries  in strict compliance with the legislation in force in Europe and the USA.This overhaul includes  of course  the arrival of Art NFTs  the growth of which is exponential and constitutes a paradigm shift for artists in the art market who find themselves once again masters of their destiny  as was the case during the Renaissance.All of the art market's market-makers  and in particular the majority of its auction houses around the world  now have an NFT department for cataloged and online sales throughout the year. Likewise  all the major structures in the museum/art galleries industry are starting to publish their own NFTs.In addition  the major overhaul of Artprice by Artmarket.com will at last allow the exploitation of the largest proprietary collection of original manuscripts and printed sales catalogs in the world. Dating back to 1700  and owned by Artprice  this collection is the very foundation of Artprice's digital standardization of the art market and of its position as the World Leader in Art Market Information for the past 25 years.Thus  Artprice users and prospects will now be able to navigate from the Artist Pages to several centuries of knowledge that Artprice by Artmarket's historians and editors have been organizing over the last 25 years  allowing them to immerse themselves in the exceptional and mysterious history of the art market.These new pages will highlight the wealth of Artmarket.com's databases and services  with high added value. The use of algorithmic AI (Artificial Intelligence) will allow access to very relevant and personalized recommendations  to enhance customers' knowledge of the art market and to generate more sophisticated subscriptions and therefore more business revenue.Indeed  this feature takes Artprice by Artmarket clients and users into a Web 3.0 dimension and – by extension – into the domain of Art NFTs  thereby giving Artmarket.com a considerable lead in its core business.During the course of the development of our major roll-out scheduled in December 2022  Artprice listened to both its historical customers and its new customers and prospects.Indeed  with cryptocurrencies  Art NFTs and the Metaverse  new collectors and art enthusiasts have arrived  often considerably younger than their predecessors. There are now more than 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs. Accustomed to speculation and risk-taking  but art enthusiasts and collectors nonetheless  they have absolutely no intention of abandoning their Web 3.0 crypto-universe.These are the new clients of Artmarket.com  whose services they have frequently requested. Their main demand in recent years has been that we post art prices in ETH and BTC in all Artprice databases.This huge global community could not understand why Artprice's reference databases only quoted prices in the world's main fiat currencies  without the two main cryptocurrencies (ETH and BTC)  which weigh more than 82% of the 21 000 cryptocurrencies (excluding Stablecoins).Appreciating the business opportunity represented by 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs  Artprice by Artmarket's IT  econometric and marketing teams therefore moved quickly to respond positively to their demand.Artmarket.com has therefore once again taken a major step forward that required considerable reflection and an imposing volume of work. As a result since September 2022  Artprice now quotes 8 828 384 art auction results in Bitcoin (going back to 1 February 2011 when 1 Bitcoin was worth $0.7  £0.434031 and €0.50707) and 5 814 866 art auction results in Ethereum (going back to 7 August 2015 when 1 Ethereum was worth $3  £1.93626 and €2.735523).Naturally  the tens of millions of calculations underlying this ambitious project were made using the value of the respective cryptocurrencies on the days the respective sales were concluded. The values were calculated by Artmarket.com's proprietary IT systems.https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/09/12/artmarket_com-adds-ethereum-and-bitcoin-to-its-multi-currency-artprice-databases-to-meet-the-needs-of-its-customers-and-prepareSince 1997 Artprice's primary ambition has been to foster art market transparency by expanding knowledge from a circle of insiders to the general population in order to facilitate its development and growth. The new presentation of Artprice by Artmarket will enhance this transparency through access to verified  verifiable and above all contextualized data.Indeed  when navigating our new website  clients and members of Artprice by Artmarket will intuitively dive into the heart of art market news and will be privileged players within a human and educational approach  which is often lacking in the world of the GAFAs.Over the years  Artprice  as the World Leader in Art Market Information  has been a partner in numerous essential and historic collaborations with artists. Their contributions have been clearly reflected in the development of our new interface with users.The other essential collaboration has of course been with the auction houses which will now have a growing interest in collaborating with Artprice. Henceforward we will promote their future sales with discreet and effective prestige  thereby generating new recurring income for Artprice with its proprietary Intranet  which has been the reference work tool for auction houses for many years.After two years of R&D – extended by the circumstances of the Covid pandemic – Artmarket.com customers  partners and members will be able to immerse themselves in a new experience at the heart of the art market. This is undoubtedly one of the founding steps for the future of Artprice by Artmarket  with its positioning fundamentally improved by the referencing of images on search engines (SEOs) and the dual objectives of increasing traffic in order to conquer new market shares and to monopolize the market for the certification of primary issues of Art NFTs.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice:""Artprice by Artmarket.com has patiently and methodically given itself all the means to evolve in response to the needs of Art Market professionals. All the indicators are positive for the future and we project a doubling of revenue  notably by opening up to paying advertisers integrated into our services and databases.We have also developed  since 2017  processes to optimize the use of our servers  by limiting the power required and reducing the energy consumption of Artprice's Data Centers by 40%. This has been achieved by using the principle of micro-grids which allow a better exploitation of production units (a multiple technologies decision) and the use of mainly renewable energies.Through its commitment to the micro-grid  the Artprice by Artmarket Data Centers are part of a responsible and shared environmental logic (without risk for Artprice's processing requirements) which involves analyzing the evolution of renewable energies with regard to new applied sciences and ongoing research according to the principle of ""formativity"" (notion coined by Luigi Pareyson).Given the generous geography of our head office (Domaine de la Source  built in 1630)  we are developing  with partners  a 'climatic' system based on the technique of artesian wells which capture water from deep layers of subsoil. This system will be protected by patents that will be filed by Artprice and Server Group  and it will respond in an ecologically responsible manner to the current energy crisis which is far more serious than the two oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 and which is only just beginning.As a global leader  Artprice considers eco-responsibility a philosophical and moral obligation. It is coherent with our market position  our corporate culture and the sentiments of our customers.Moreover  as regards the exchange of Art NFTs on its Marketplace and given the current energy context  Artmarket.com is pleased to have preferred Ethereum for a long time and fully supports the remarks by France's Minister of the Economy  Mr. Bruno Le Maire  as indicated in a previous press release:https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/10/20/artmarket_com-already-positioned-on-nfts-with-artprice-reacts-to-an-interview-on-bfm-crypto-with-bruno-le-maire-and-notably-hisArtprice by Artmarket.com confirms that in the first two quarters of 2022  the phenomenon of Art NFTs became a lasting segment of the art market on all continents with an acceleration of turnover and volumes in the second half of 2022 due notably to the purge of crypto-currencies and much more favorable new legislation in the USA as well as the introduction of regulatory framework in Europe that prevents crypto-abuse/fraud and enhances the confidence of consumers  investors and operators.These regulations have been the subject of studies  colloquia and proposals to major French and European government bodies by Blanche Sousi and the Art & Law Institute  where Artprice by Artmarket has been heavily involved as a long-standing member since 1997.Artprice invites you to read the latest Banques Notes published by the European Center for Research in Banking and Finance  with the analysis of Blanche Sousi  Professor Emeritus of the University of Lyon 3  Jean Monnet Chair ad personam in European banking and monetary law:""The European Regulation MiCAR has just been adopted: are NFTs regulated? No  but…"": https://banque-notes.eu/le-reglement-europeen-micar-vient-detre-adopte-les-nfts-sont-ils-reglementes-non-mais/thierry Ehrmann  Founder of Artprice and CEO of Artmarket.com emphasizes: ""In its various annual reports on the Art Market and its regulated information  Artprice by Artmarket.com has always said with regard to NFTs that it is impossible to apprehend this new market without a perfect knowledge of the relevant Monetary & Financial Codes and Intellectual Property Codes of the countries in which the market is operating. Similarly  to appreciate the nature of this market (experiencing exponential growth)  one also needs a true understanding of Blockchain  crypto-currencies and their cultural origins among the Cypherpunks (period of PGP-type data encryption at the beginning of 1990).""Copyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.coml Don't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]l Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demol Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 800 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6400 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comArtprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.9 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact:Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.41,True,English,"['Q3 revenue growth', 'Artmarket.com', 'significant increase', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'subscription', 'deployment', 'Artprice.', 'million new data logs', 'committed external consultants', 'entire industrial process', 'French fiscal regime', 'decision-making support tools', 'additional tax charges', 'art market professionals', 'solid UI/UX approach', 'Q3 revenue growth', 'additional net income', 'Art Market Information', 'new business model', 'Artprice-affiliated auction houses', 'partner auction houses', '6,400 affiliated auction houses', 'new economic model', 'additional revenue', '6,400 auction houses', 'Art NFTs', 'essential data', 'qualified data', 'new version', 'new website', 'new roll-out', 'information queries', 'user-centric approach', '5.4 million users', 'future income', '90 million euros', '6,400 auction operators', 'total revenue', 'future revenue', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'other things', 'Artist pages', 'Future events', 'comprehensive response', 'customer inquiries', 'development phase', 'Covid pandemic', 'major revamp', 'complete overhaul', 'User Experience', 'User Interface', 'two decades', 'advertiser mode', 'search criteria', 'resulting targeting', 'overall costs', 'best solution', 'printed press', 'major challenge', 'core DNA', 'text messages', 'instant messaging', 'standing request', 'repeated requests', 'global visibility', 'extensive consultation', 'indisputable position', 'true value', 'advertising revenue', 'auction results', 'significant increase', 'advertising costs', 'online advertising', 'future sales', 'upcoming sales', 'subscription revenue', 'Artmarket.com', 'Web 3.0 dimension', 'digital decade', 'early January', 'fee increases', 'Artmarket customers', 'Artists page', 'paying advertisers', 'services fees', 'World Leader', 'Artprice.com', '800,000 artists', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'deployment', 'mid-December', 'change', 'databases', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'history', '18 months', 'call', 'tenders', 'team', 'high-level', 'inclusion', '50 years', 'details', 'country', 'size', 'activity', 'auctions', 'Internet', 'pressure', 'advertisement', 'sense', 'past', 'terms', 'readability', 'notoriety', 'demand', 'announcements', 'favorites', 'RSS', 'mail', 'My', 'long', 'numerous', 'effort', 'principle', 'subscriptions', 'bulk', 'ultra-detailed', 'consensus', 'biographies', 'indices', 'signatures', 'monograms', '2019']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
12983,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The woman at the helm of the world's largest credit union #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gLzUQyLUPK #regtech,nan,The woman at the helm of the world's largest credit union #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gLzUQyLUPK #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['largest credit union', 'woman', 'world', 'largest credit union', 'woman', 'world']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,Unknown
12984,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A good girl’s guide to bad times #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ySdR6OYPHL #regtech,nan,A good girl’s guide to bad times #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ySdR6OYPHL #regtech,positive,0.89,0.02,0.09,positive,0.89,0.02,0.09,True,English,"['good girl', 'bad times', 'guide', 'Fintech', 'good girl', 'bad times', 'guide', 'Fintech']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,Unknown
12992,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,One of the beautiful thing of this industry is that works is really small:) glad to see my former company Deutsche… https://t.co/fdkTtU3qF5,nan,One of the beautiful thing of this industry is that works is really small:) glad to see my former company Deutsche… https://t.co/fdkTtU3qF5,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['former company Deutsche', 'beautiful thing', 'industry', 'works', 'former company Deutsche', 'beautiful thing', 'industry', 'works']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,Unknown
12993,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e1lEI76Fvu,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e1lEI76Fvu,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-09,2022-11-11,Unknown
12994,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/celyad-oncology-announces-third-quarter-060100199.html,Celyad Oncology Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Recent Business Highlights - Yahoo Finance,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  November 10  2022--Regulatory News: Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (Brussels:CYAD) (Paris:CYAD) (NASDAQ:CYAD) (the...,"Company continues to transition business focus to monetizing unique cell therapy intellectual property and prioritizing R&D discoveryClinical updates expected by end of year for the Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial for lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate  CYAD-211  for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM)MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  November 10  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (Brussels:CYAD) (Paris:CYAD) (NASDAQ:CYAD) (the ""Company"")  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer  today provided an update on its financial results and recent business developments for the fiscal quarter ended September 30  2022.""This past quarter has been a pivotal moment for the Company as we focus on a new Celyad 2.0 strategy as we seek to monetize our valuable IP estate and leverage our dynamic shRNA technology for our R&D programs. We’ve bolstered our cash runway with an asset purchase agreement for our manufacturing business unit and we believe we are well-positioned to unleash the power of our IP estate and potentially redefine the cell therapy space "" said Michel Lussier  interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company.Recent HighlightsThe Company entered into a €6 million asset purchase agreement with Cellistic whereby Cellistic acquired Celyad Oncology’s Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facilityBased on a strategic  financial and medical review  taking into account the costs associated with the pursuit of the program and the delays to reach key medical milestones following the resolution of the previously announced clinical hold  the Company has decided to discontinue the development of CYAD-101Update on Business Model and Research ProgramsAs previously announced  with Celyad 2.0  Celyad Oncology is implementing a strategic shift from an organization focused on clinical development to one prioritizing R&D discovery and the monetization of its IP estate through partnerships  collaborations and license agreements. The Company intends to focus its R&D efforts on areas of expertise where it believes it can leverage the differentiated nature of its platform technology and continue to bolster its IP estate.Story continuesThe Company possesses key technology and controls IP which covers the potential development of next-generation therapies  including those using short hairpin RNA (shRNA) and T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule (TIM). Celyad Oncology has expanded the IP estate in-licensed from Dartmouth College with additional patents to broadly cover aspects of allogeneic cell therapy. Current discovery programs have the potential to create additional independent IP. The Company is developing a potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate and a technology to potentially utilize this receptor as a basis for dual CAR technology. The Company is also considering the potential to focus R&D efforts on either B7-H6 CAR T or bispecific antibody candidates for a powerful new antigenic target in the oncology field.In addition  the Company is seeking to advance its shRNA platform through multiplexing technology that allows it to modulate multiple genes simultaneously. This technology is potentially complementary to the Company’s All-in-One Vector approach  which allows for the expression of multiple shRNAs in a single construct within a single transduction step. Combining multiplexed shRNAs with CARs and additional genes of choice provides potential for broad therapeutic functionality.Update on Clinical ProgramsCYAD-211 – Allogeneic shRNA-based  anti-BCMA CAR T candidate for r/r MMThe dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial is evaluating the tolerability and clinical activity of a single infusion of CYAD-211 following preconditioning with CyFlu (cyclophosphamide and fludarabine) in patients with relapsed / refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM). CYAD-211 was developed to demonstrate potential proof of concept of shRNA technology in the clinic. Our other clinical studies of shRNA disclosed to date have demonstrated encouraging safety and bioactivity signals  and its use as a technology to avoid Graft-versus-Host disease of allogeneic CAR Ts could be a viable approach Clinical updates are expected by year endThird Quarter 2022 Financial ReviewAs of September 30  2022  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €13.4 million ($13.1 million). Net cash burn during the first quarter of 2022 amounted to €1.0 million ($1.0 million)  in line with expectations. The Company confirms its previous guidance that its existing cash and cash equivalents should be sufficient to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements up to mid-2023. This guidance does not include any potential proceeds from the equity purchase agreement established with Lincoln Park Capital Fund  LLC.After due consideration of detailed budgets and estimated cash flow forecasts for the years 2022 and 2023 which reflect the current strategy of the Company and include expenses and cash outflows estimations in relation to the development of discretionary research programs and pipeline of products candidates  the Company continues to project that its existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to fund its estimated operating and capital expenditures over at least the next 12 months from the date that the release is issued.About Celyad Oncology SACelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the research and discovery of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Forward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated costs  cost savings and timing  statements concerning CYAD-211  including its therapeutic potential and the timing of clinical data  and statements concerning the financial position and cash burn of the Company  including the financial guidance concerning the sufficiency of cash to fund operations into mid-2023. The words ""will "" ""expect "" ""believe "" ""potential "" ""continue "" ""target""  ""intend""  ""could""  ""should"" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; risks related to the Company’s ability to execute on its plans regarding its clinical programs; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221109006126/en/ContactsInvestor and Media Contact:Celyad Oncologyinvestors@celyad.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.32,0.02,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Recent Business Highlights', 'Celyad Oncology', 'Yahoo Finance', 'potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate', 'lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate', 'Allogeneic shRNA-based, anti-BCMA CAR T candidate', 'GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'chimeric antigen receptor T cell', 'T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule', 'unique cell therapy intellectual property', 'Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'interim Chief Executive Officer', 'dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'powerful new antigenic target', 'Lincoln Park Capital Fund', '€6 million asset purchase agreement', 'allogeneic cell therapy', 'B7-H6 CAR T', 'CAR T) therapies', 'allogeneic CAR Ts', 'Third Quarter 2022 Financial Review', 'cell therapy space', 'Good Manufacturing Practice', 'equity purchase agreement', 'dual CAR technology', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'manufacturing business unit', 'R&D efforts', 'short hairpin RNA', 'bispecific antibody candidates', 'broad therapeutic functionality', 'new Celyad 2.0 strategy', 'R&D discovery', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'R&D programs', 'single transduction step', 'other clinical studies', 'Net cash burn', 'cash flow forecasts', 'key medical milestones', 'next-generation therapies', 'recent business developments', 'Current discovery programs', 'One Vector approach', 'additional independent IP', 'Celyad Oncology SA', 'valuable IP estate', 'dynamic shRNA technology', 'medical review', 'financial results', 'strategic, financial', 'Clinical Programs', 'potential proof', 'potential proceeds', 'fiscal quarter', 'past quarter', 'Recent Highlights', 'Research Programs', 'multiple genes', 'multiple shRNAs', 'viable approach', 'first quarter', 'current stra', 'business focus', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Business Model', 'key technology', 'additional patents', 'single construct', 'additional genes', 'single infusion', 'oncology field', 'Clinical updates', 'cash runway', 'clinical hold', 'clinical activity', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'potential development', 'Regulatory News', 'pivotal moment', 'Michel Lussier', 'strategic shift', 'license agreements', 'differentiated nature', 'Dartmouth College', 'multiplexed shRNAs', 'encouraging safety', 'bioactivity signals', 'Graft-versus-Host disease', 'operating expenses', 'due consideration', 'detailed budgets', 'platform technology', 'multiplexing technology', 'shRNA platform', 'clinical development', 'previous guidance', 'biotechnology company', 'The Company', 'year end', 'CYAD', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'November', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'Brussels', 'Paris', 'cancer', 'Cellistic', 'account', 'costs', 'pursuit', 'delays', 'resolution', 'organization', 'monetization', 'partnerships', 'collaborations', 'areas', 'expertise', 'Story', 'TIM', 'aspects', 'basis', 'expression', 'CARs', 'choice', 'tolerability', 'preconditioning', 'CyFlu', 'cyclophosphamide', 'fludarabine', 'patients', 'concept', 'use', 'September', 'line', 'expectations', 'years']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
12995,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-signs-agreement-acquire-reka-074900831.html,Nexans signs agreement to acquire Reka Cables from Reka Industrial,Nexans signs agreement to acquire Reka Cables from Reka Industrial Paris  France  November 10  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) announced today that it...,NexansNexans signs agreement to acquire Reka Cables from Reka IndustrialParis  France  November 10  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) announced today that it has entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Reka Industrial Plc (NASDAQ OMX Helsinki: REKA) to acquire Reka Cables (the “Transaction”). This acquisition will strengthen Nexans’ position in the Nordics notably in electricity Distribution and Usages.Founded in 1961  Reka Cables is active in the manufacturing of low and medium voltages cables for the Usages and Distribution applications. With a turnover expected to exceed 160 million euros in 2022 and 270 people  the company is one of the leaders of the Finnish market operating in four countries and benefits from a premium reputation in the Nordics. It became in November 2021 one of the first cable manufacturers to become Carbon Neutral on scope 1 and scope 2.Nexans will acquire Reka Cables for an equity price of 53 million euros  including a financial net debt of 6.5 million euros as of end of September 2022. Completion of the Transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and is expected to take place in the first half of 2023.Christopher Guérin  Nexans CEO said: “With a deep commitment to energy transition and carbon neutrality  Reka Cables is fully aligned with the Group’s strategic ambition to become a Pure Electrification Player committed to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030. This premium Finnish operation will further contribute to Nexans’ ability to serve our Nordic customers with high quality and safe cables in the region. I am convinced that this operations will benefit the teams of both Reka Cables and Nexans  with synergies and development opportunities ahead of them.”Jukka Poutanen  Reka Cables’ CEO  emphasized: “The Reka Cables’ team has consistently delivered high quality cables. As a global player in electrification and an active promoter of the energy transition  Nexans is a great fit for Reka Cables”Story continuesNexans expects to fund the acquisition with a mix of available cash and debt.About Reka IndustrialReka Industrial is a Finnish investment company. As an industrial family company  Reka Industrial is committed to develop the performance and sustainability of the companies we own. Currently  the company has two industrial ownerships: Reka Cables and Reka Rubber. Reka Industrial class B shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With around 25 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2021  Nexans generated 6.1 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Energy Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usages  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comNexans Contacts:Investor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com CommunicationEmmanuel GuinotTel.: +33 (0) 6 75 02 20 73emmanuel.guinot@nexans.comReka Industrial Contact:CommunicationJukka Poutanen  CEOTel.: +358 40 833 9007Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.13,0.04,True,English,"['Reka Cables', 'Reka Industrial', 'Nexans', 'agreement', 'Reka Industrial class B shares', 'five main business areas', 'The Reka Cables’ team', 'NASDAQ OMX Helsinki', 'Christopher Guérin', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'two industrial ownerships', 'medium voltages cables', 'premium Finnish operation', 'Reka Industrial Plc', 'Reka Industrial Contact', 'Share Purchase Agreement', 'financial net debt', 'first cable manufacturers', 'industrial family company', 'Finnish investment company', 'high quality cables', 'Pure Electrification Player', 'Finnish market', 'premium reputation', 'global player', 'cable systems', 'first half', 'safe cables', 'Reka Rubber', 'first company', 'The Group', '160 million euros', 'Carbon Neutral', 'equity price', '53 million euros', '6.5 million euros', 'regulatory approvals', 'deep commitment', 'strategic ambition', 'Nordic customers', 'development opportunities', 'Jukka Poutanen', 'active promoter', 'great fit', 'available cash', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', '6.1 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'energy transition', 'Energy Generation', 'Euronext Paris', 'electricity Distribution', 'Distribution applications', 'four countries', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Nexans SA', 'Nexans’ position', 'Nexans’ ability', 'Nexans Contacts', 'Nexans CEO', '42 countries', 'France', 'Transaction', 'acquisition', 'Nordics', 'Usages', 'manufacturing', 'low', 'turnover', '270 people', 'leaders', 'November', 'scope', 'end', 'September', 'Completion', 'place', 'region', 'operations', 'teams', 'synergies', 'Story', 'mix', 'performance', 'sustainability', 'companies', 'planet', 'future', '25,000 people', 'charge', 'everyone', 'design', 'services', 'Transmission', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Tel.', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '2022', '33']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
12996,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-november-090000881.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 3 – November 9  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 3 – November 9  2022 November 10  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert...,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 3 – November 9  2022November 10  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 325 699 of its own ordinary shares in the period from November 3  2022  up to and including November 9  2022  for €32.4 million and at an average share price of €99.60.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2022  as announced on August 3  2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 8 071 987 788.5 97.68For the period starting November 3  2022  up to and including December 28  2022  we have mandated a third party to execute €244 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'November', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share buybacks', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'November', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'August', 'date', 'December', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
12997,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/opening-judicial-liquidation-proceedings-recylex-180000573.html,Opening of a judicial liquidation proceedings for Recylex S.A.,"Recylex S.A. (Euronext Paris : FR0000120388 - RX) (the ""Company"") announces that on November 9  2022  the Paris Commercial Court has ordered the conversion...","RECYLEX SARecylex S.A. (Euronext Paris : FR0000120388 - RX) (the ""Company"") announces that on November 9  2022  the Paris Commercial Court has ordered the conversion of the Company's reorganization proceedings  initiated by judgment of May 5  2022 1   into liquidation proceedings.This conversion follows the Paris Commercial Court's decision on July 6  2022 2 to approve a plan for the partial sale of Recylex SA as part of a ""pre-pack sale"" process to the Belgian company Campine NV.As a reminder  the partial disposal plan concerned the lead and polypropylene recycling activities at the Company's Escaudoeuvres (Nord) and Villefranche-sur-Saône (Rhône) sites  all the jobs associated with these sites and Recylex SA's interest in C2P SAS  which is wholly owned by the Company  for a total disposal price of approximately € 4 million.Campine has been managing the assets and activities included in the scope of the sale since July 7  2022. The resulting deeds of sale are in the process of being regularized.As a result of this partial disposal  Recylex S.A.'s business was reduced to a holding company activity consisting of the management of significant financial and environmental liabilities and a 50% stake in Recytech S.A.  which stake is subject to several pledges 3 .Recylex S.A. was placed in reorganization proceedings in order to study a legal solution for restructuring its debt. On July 13  2022  the Paris Commercial Court ordered the continuation of the Company's observation period until its expiry on November 5  2022.This being the case  it appeared that Recylex S.A. was no longer generating any revenues of its own  its only income consisting of dividends from Recytech S.A.Recylex S.A.'s judicial administrators considered that the company was clearly unable to draw up a recovery plan that would enable it to meet its liabilities  and referred the matter to the Paris Commercial Court for the purpose of converting the reorganization into a judicial liquidation.Story continuesAs a result  the Paris Commercial Court has taken the decision described in this press release to convert the reorganization proceedings into a judicial liquidation.In its conversion judgment  the Paris Commercial Court has in particular:terminated the observation period of the reorganization proceedings ; terminated the mission of the judicial administrators  SCP Abitbol & Rousselet  in the person of Frédéric Abitbol  and SELARL 2M & Associés  in the person of Carole Martinez ; appointed SCP Canet  in the person of Maître Patrick Canet  and SELAFA MJA  in the person of Maître Charles-Axel Chuine  as judicial liquidators ; and set at two years the period at the end of which the closure of these judicial liquidation proceedings must be examined.The parties to the judgment are thus invited to attend the next hearing set for November 7  2024.***1 See press releases of April 15  May 6 and June 15  20222 See press releases of June 15  July 1 and July 6  20223 See press release of April 15  2022 - As a reminder  the first and second rank pledges cover certain financial commitments of the Company or its former German subsidiaries to Glencore International AG  which are detailed in Note 30 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2020***Disclaimer : This press release is a non-official translation into English of the press release of the same date issued in French language and is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. This press release should be read in conjunction with and construed in accordance with French law. Disclaimer: This press release may contain forward-looking statements that constitute either trends or objectives and should not be construed as forecasts of results or any other performance indicator. This information is by its nature subject to risks and uncertainties  as described in the Company's Annual Report available on its website (www.recylex.fr). More detailed information on Recylex can be found on its website (www.recylex.eu).***Raw materials from urban minesThe Recylex Group is a European specialist in the recycling of lead  zinc and polypropylene.For more information about the Recylex Group: www.recylex.eu***Press & Investor contact: T +33 (0)158 47 29 91 | E info@recylex.euRecylex S.A. | Registered office: 6 place de la Madeleine | 75008 Paris | FranceAdministrative office: 79 rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau | 92158 Suresnes Cedex | FranceAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.18,0.15,0.67,True,English,"['judicial liquidation proceedings', 'Recylex S.A.', 'Opening', 'Maître Charles-Axel Chuine', 'Maître Patrick Canet', 'Frédéric Abitbol', 'former German subsidiaries', 'Glencore International AG', 'other performance indicator', '79 rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau', 'Recytech S.A.', 'total disposal price', 'Paris Commercial Court', 'second rank pledges', 'Recylex S.A.', 'The Recylex Group', 'More detailed information', 'Rhône) sites', 'holding company activity', 'partial disposal plan', 'pack sale"" process', 'judicial liquidation proceedings', 'polypropylene recycling activities', 'SCP Abitbol', 'SCP Canet', 'Associés', 'Euronext Paris', 'Villefranche-sur-Saône', 'several pledges', 'RECYLEX SA', 'judicial administrators', 'judicial liquidators', 'partial sale', 'C2P SAS', 'resulting deeds', 'significant financial', 'legal solution', 'recovery plan', 'SELARL 2M', 'Carole Martinez', 'SELAFA MJA', 'two years', 'next hearing', 'financial commitments', 'financial statements', 'official translation', 'same date', 'French language', 'English-speaking users', 'French law', 'forward-looking statements', 'Annual Report', 'Raw materials', 'urban mines', 'European specialist', 'Investor contact', 'Registered office', 'la Madeleine', 'Administrative office', '92158 Suresnes Cedex', 'reorganization proceedings', 'recylex.eu', 'press release', 'observation period', 'Campine NV', 'environmental liabilities', 'France Attachment', 'Belgian company', 'conversion judgment', 'RX', 'November', 'May', 'decision', 'July', 'reminder', 'lead', 'Escaudoeuvres', 'Nord', 'jobs', 'interest', 'assets', 'scope', 'business', 'management', '50% stake', 'order', 'debt', 'continuation', 'expiry', 'case', 'revenues', 'income', 'dividends', 'matter', 'purpose', 'Story', 'mission', 'Rousselet', 'person', 'parties', 'April', 'June', 'first', 'Note', 'December', 'Disclaimer', 'convenience', 'conjunction', 'accordance', 'trends', 'objectives', 'forecasts', 'results', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'website', 'zinc', '6 place']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
12998,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221110005851/en/Teleperformance-Resuming-Trading-of-Shares,Teleperformance: Resuming Trading of Shares,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  has requested Euronext Paris to resume the trading of its shares (ISIN code FR000005…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  has requested Euronext Paris to resume the trading of its shares (ISIN code FR0000051807) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  effective at the opening of trading on Friday  November 11  2022.*********About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Resuming Trading', 'Teleperformance', 'Shares', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'S&P Europe', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'related digital services', 'citizen experience management', 'deferred settlement service', 'optimized business processes', 'successful customer interaction', 'Euronext Paris market', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'regulated market', 'outsourced customer', 'Regulatory News', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer” process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'ISIN code', 'Teleperformance Group', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'trading', 'opening', 'Friday', 'November', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', '420,000 employees', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,businesswire.com
13000,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/akwel-turnover-increases-5-7-164500741.html,AKWEL: TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022,Thursday 10 November 2022 TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022 AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment ...,AkwelThursday 10 November 2022TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €739.2m over the first nine months of 2022  up by +5.7% compared to the same period in 2021.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 30 September 2022)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% Total for 9 months 739.2 699.1 +5.7% +10.2%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.PERFORMANCE UP IN Q3 2022In the third quarter of 2022  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €251.1m  up by +18.7% on the previous year when comparing published figures and by +22.3% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants. The negative currency impact over the period was less significant than in the first half of the financial year  at -€7.7m  including -€20.3m on the Turkish lira. In a still difficult market context  the group has confirmed the gradual recovery in its activity  but it is still down -3.3% compared to the third quarter of 2019  before the health crisis.In the first nine months of the financial year  AKWEL’s turnover increased by +10.2% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.ANALYSIS OF THE BREAKDOWN OF REVENUEThe geographical breakdown of revenue at 30 September by production zone was as follows:France: €201.8m (+5.0%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €201.6m (-0.6%)North America: €224.8m (+28.7%)Asia and the Middle East (including Turkey): €106.7m (+9.0%)South America: €4.3m (-20.4%)Over the first nine months  turnover from Products and Functions increased by 6.2% to €714.4m  and all product lines reported growth  with performance particularly driven by Cooling (+13.4%)  Washing (+8.5%) and Air (+6.9%). Turnover for Tooling meanwhile was €15.4m over the period.NET CASH POSITION OF €112.6mFree cash-flow generation was €6.6m in the third quarter  giving the group €112.6m in net cash (excluding debt on rental obligations)  an increase of €14.3m over the first nine months of the financial year.ANNUAL OUTLOOKBased on the performance recorded in the third quarter  AKWEL confirms its expectation of moderate growth in turnover for the whole of the 2022 financial year. Regarding profitability  the ongoing supply difficulties and inflation recorded across all operating costs  which is difficult to pass on in the short term  will  as announced  lead to a significant fall in the group’s annual current operating income.Next press release: 2022 annual revenue  9 February 2023  after the markets close.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPContactsAKWELGrégory Voisin – Financial VP – Tel.: +33 4 50 56 99 25EKNO – Press RelationsJean-Marc Atlan – jean-marc.atlan@ekno.fr – Tel.: +33 6 07 37 20 44CALYPTUS – Investor RelationsMathieu Calleux – akwel@calyptus.net – Tel.: +33 1 53 65 68 68Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'AKWEL', 'TURNOVER', 'THE', '2022', 'annual current operating income', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'negative currency impact', 'difficult market context', 'Free cash-flow generation', 'ongoing supply difficulties', 'Grégory Voisin', 'FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'Next press release', 'independent, family-owned group', 'operating costs', 'first half', 'exchange rates', 'ANNUAL OUTLOOK', 'Press Relations', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'previous year', 'financial year', 'Turkish lira', 'gradual recovery', 'health crisis', 'production zone', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'product lines', 'CASH POSITION', 'net cash', 'rental obligations', 'short term', 'significant fall', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'Financial VP', 'Jean-Marc Atlan', 'Investor Relations', 'Mathieu Calleux', '2022 annual revenue', 'geographical breakdown', 'moderate growth', 'ekno.fr', 'same period', 'AKW.PA', 'Consolidated turnover', 'fluid management', 'The Group', '9 months', 'Akwel', 'Thursday', 'PEA', 'automotive', 'mechanism', 'January', '30 September', 'Variation', 'figures', 'PERFORMANCE', 'Q3', 'scope', 'constants', 'activity', 'ANALYSIS', 'France', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Turkey', 'Products', 'Functions', 'Cooling', 'Washing', 'Air', 'Tooling', 'debt', 'increase', 'expectation', 'profitability', 'inflation', 'markets', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'marc.', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '€', '33 4 50']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13001,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-liquidity-agreement-164500366.html,Bekaert - Update on the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 3 November 2022 to 9 November 2022 Liquidity agreement In the context of the renewed liquidity agreement with...,BekaertUpdate on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 3 November 2022 to 9 November 2022Liquidity agreementIn the context of the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux  Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 3 668 shares during the period from 3 November 2022 to 9 November 2022 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 15 045 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from3 November 2022 to 9 November 2022:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 3 November 2022 1 168 27.39 27.50 27.20 31 992 4 November 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 7 November 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 November 2022 500 29.40 29.40 29.40 14 700 9 November 2022 2 000 29.73 29.90 29.50 59 460 Total 3 668 — — — 106 152Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 3 November 2022 800 27.90 28.00 27.80 22 320 4 November 2022 6 600 28.80 29.20 28.36 190 080 7 November 2022 4 145 29.48 29.76 29.30 122 195 8 November 2022 2 500 29.78 30.00 29.50 74 450 9 November 2022 1 000 29.85 30.00 29.70 29 850 Total 15 045 — — — 438 895The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 76 394 shares.On 9 November 2022 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 055 313 own shares  or 6.87% of the total number of the outstanding shares.Related press release: 2 September 2022: Bekaert renews existing liquidity contractThis information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.57,0.41,0.02,True,English,"['Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'existing liquidity contract', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Date Number', 'Total Amount', 'total number', 'press release', 'same period', 'outstanding shares', '3 668 shares', '15 045 shares', '76 394 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '3 November', '9 November', 'context', 'behalf', 'tables', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Purchase', '4 November', '8 November', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'market', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '055 313']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13002,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221109005880/en/ONWARD%E2%80%99s-Research-Partner-.NeuroRestore-Publishes-Groundbreaking-Paper-Identifying-Neurons-that-Restore-Walking-after-Paralysis,ONWARD’s Research Partner .NeuroRestore Publishes Groundbreaking Paper Identifying Neurons that Restore Walking after Paralysis,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (S…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today reported that a new study by scientists at .NeuroRestore  ONWARD’s research partner  has identified the specific neurons that are activated and remodeled by spinal cord stimulation  enabling individuals with spinal cord injury to stand  walk and rebuild their muscles. This discovery marks a fundamental  scientific breakthrough. The study was published yesterday in Nature.In the multi-year STIMO study  coordinated by .NeuroRestore’s co-directors – Grégoire Courtine  a neuroscience professor at EPFL and Chief Scientific Officer of ONWARD  and Jocelyne Bloch  a neurosurgeon at Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV) – participants with paralysis due to spinal cord injury underwent targeted epidural electrical stimulation of the area of the spinal cord that controls leg movement. Remarkably  all participants regained motor function and the ability to walk. Three participants in the study pioneered use of an innovative lead developed by ONWARD to specifically target the areas of the spinal cord involved in leg and lower trunk movement with the intent to facilitate faster and more effective recovery of motor function.The scientists believe it is crucial to understand exactly how neuronal reorganization occurs to develop more effective treatments and improve the lives of as many people as possible. The press release by EPFL can be found here.“The findings published yesterday continue to build our strong knowledge base in spinal cord stimulation to help people with paralysis. As a result of this study and its accompanying scientific breakthrough  ONWARD and its research partners have learned precisely where to place the epidural lead and how to program stimulation to facilitate walking ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “This important work is enabling us to develop a therapy for people with spinal cord injury that aims to be precise  repeatable  and scalable.”About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received five Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a wearable stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in September 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of ARC-EX Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the U.S. and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead that is placed near the spinal cord. The company completed its first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.1,0.8,0.09,mixed,0.23,0.15,0.62,True,English,"['Groundbreaking Paper Identifying Neurons', 'Research Partner', 'ONWARD', 'NeuroRestore', 'Paralysis', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'five Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'fundamental, scientific breakthrough', 'accompanying scientific breakthrough', 'Grégoire Courtine', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'strong knowledge base', 'U.S. FDA', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'Positive top-line data', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'epidural electrical stimulation', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'implantable pulse generator', 'multi-year STIMO study', 'first pivotal study', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'lower trunk movement', 'medical technology company', 'neuroscience professor', 'epidural lead', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'research partner', 'specific neurons', 'Jocelyne Bloch', 'effective recovery', 'neuronal reorganization', 'effective treatments', 'press release', 'Dave Marver', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'wearable stimulator', 'wireless programmer', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'new study', 'forward-looking statements', 'motor function', 'innovative lead', 'ARC Therapy', 'important work', 'basic science', 'human use', 'several risks', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'ARC-EX Therapy', 'Three participants', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'many people', 'leg movement', 'future events', 'ARC-EX.', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'health', 'scientists', 'NeuroRestore', 'individuals', 'muscles', 'discovery', 'Nature', 'directors', 'EPFL', 'neurosurgeon', 'CHUV', 'paralysis', 'area', 'ability', 'intent', 'faster', 'lives', 'findings', 'walking', 'CEO', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'September', 'Europe', 'May', 'Massachusetts', 'collaboration', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'update', 'revisions']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,businesswire.com
13003,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221110005957/en/Kalray-Leads-on-the-Future-of-High-Performance-Computing-and-Unstructured-Data-Systems-at-SC22,Kalray Leads on the Future of High-Performance Computing and Unstructured Data Systems at SC22,GRENOBLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance  data-centric computing markets  from cloud to edge  is pleased to announce its vision for th…,"GRENOBLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance  data-centric computing markets  from cloud to edge  is pleased to announce its vision for the present and future of high-performance computing at SC22 in Dallas  November 14-17  2022. Hosting a number of solutions presentations for Dell Technologies Unstructured Data Solutions and HPC customers  alongside networking opportunities for attendees  Kalray will demonstrate how their highly complementary hardware and software solutions are addressing developments in the world of intensive data storage and processing.Kalray solutions for both Unstructured Data Solutions and HPC storage provide enterprise customers with a comprehensive solution for compute  storage and data management. Kalray will be presenting its solutions this year in the Dell Technologies booth theater #2443.“This is a great opportunity for Kalray to demonstrate its unique portfolio offerings for the HPC and Unstructured Data Solutions market. ” says Kalray CEO  Éric Baissus. “The presentations and activities at SC22 is part of our strategy to accelerate our go-to-market and strengthen our key position in the storage market.”Specifically  with pixstor™ and ngenea®  Kalray now offers an all-in-one  easy-to-use solution that meets the requirements of most storage workloads. pixstor's™ ""Tier Zero"" scratch storage enables customers to dramatically increase storage performance  while ngenea® vastly improves efficiency by consolidating storage environments such as Dell PowerScale and ECS and simplifying data management workflows.At SC22 attendees can join our presentations in the Dell Technologies booth theater #2443  where they will hear insights from Greg Furmidge  VP of Global Sales Operations  Kalray and Isaiah Weiner  Technical Solutions Architect  Kalray. They will be discussing offers for HPC and Unstructured Data Solutions enterprise customers featuring pixstor™  the high-performance storage software and ngenea®  the data-orchestration software.PRESENTATION DETAILS15th November 2022 at 11.00Kalray pixstor™  Beyond StorageGreg Furmidge  VP of Global Sales Operations  KalrayGreg Furmidge  VP of Global Sales Operations  Kalray 15th November 2022 at 14:40Accelerating Data-Driven HPCIsaiah Weiner  Technical Solutions Architect  KalrayAnthony Dina  Global Field CTO  Dell TechnologiesIsaiah Weiner  Technical Solutions Architect  Kalray Anthony Dina  Global Field CTO  Dell Technologies 16th November 2022 at 10:20Kalray ngenea®  Beyond Cloud for Your Business Capabilities and WorkflowsIsaiah Weiner  Technical Solutions Architect  KalrayIsaiah Weiner  Technical Solutions Architect  Kalray 16th November 2022 at 14:40Accelerating Data-Driven HPCIsaiah Weiner  Technical Solutions Architect  KalrayAnthony Dina  Global Field CTO  Dell TechnologiesSPECIAL LEADERSHIP NETWORKING EVENTIn addition  Kalray and Dell are hosting a Cocktail and Networking event for industry leaders. Register via the link below to socialize  share and learn from technology leaders in a welcoming atmosphere.Date: Thursday 15th November at 17.00-19:00 in the Hard Shake Lounge. Register here.For more information about the joint Kalray and Dell Technologies solutions  please check out our brief here:About KALRAYKalray is a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance  data-centric computing markets  from cloud to edge.Kalray provides a full range of products to enable smarter  more efficient  and energy-wise data-intensive applications and infrastructures. Its offers include its unique patented DPU (Data Processing Unit) processors and acceleration cards as well as its leading-edge software-defined storage and data management offers. Separated or in combination  Kalray’s high-performance solutions allow its customers to improve the efficiency of data centers or design the best solutions in fast-growing sectors such as AI  Media & Entertainment  Life Sciences  Scientific Research  Edge Computing  Automotive and others.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off of the well-known French CEA research lab  with corporate and financial investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors or Bpifrance  Kalray is dedicated through technology  expertise  and passion to offer more: more for a smart world  more for the planet  more for customers and developers. www.kalrayinc.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Unstructured Data Systems', 'High-Performance Computing', 'Kalray', 'Future', 'SC22', 'Dell Technologies Unstructured Data Solutions', 'Unstructured Data Solutions enterprise customers', 'French CEA research lab', 'Tier Zero"" scratch storage', 'high-performance, data-centric computing markets', 'Dell Technologies booth theater', 'SPECIAL LEADERSHIP NETWORKING EVENT', 'Unstructured Data Solutions market', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'unique portfolio offerings', 'Global Sales Operations', 'Global Field CTO', 'Hard Shake Lounge', 'energy-wise data-intensive applications', 'unique patented DPU', 'intensive data storage', 'Technical Solutions Architect', 'most storage workloads', 'leading-edge software-defined storage', 'Dell Technologies solutions', 'data management workflows', 'Thursday 15th November', 'data management offers', 'high-performance storage software', 'high-performance computing', 'Kalray Anthony Dina', 'high-performance solutions', 'data centers', 'software technologies', 'Scientific Research', 'software solutions', 'Dell PowerScale', 'storage market', 'best solutions', 'networking opportunities', 'storage performance', 'storage environments', 'Edge Computing', 'data-orchestration software', 'HPC storage', 'solutions presentations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'leading provider', 'great opportunity', 'Éric Baissus', 'key position', 'Greg Furmidge', 'Isaiah Weiner', 'PRESENTATION DETAILS', 'Business Capabilities', 'industry leaders', 'welcoming atmosphere', 'full range', 'acceleration cards', 'growing sectors', 'Life Sciences', 'financial investors', 'Alliance Venture', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'Kalray solutions', 'HPC customers', 'Data-Driven HPC', 'comprehensive solution', 'technology leaders', 'smart world', 'complementary hardware', 'Kalray CEO', 'joint Kalray', 'Kalray pixstor™', 'Kalray ngenea', 'ngenea®', 'ALKAL', 'cloud', 'vision', 'future', 'SC22', 'Dallas', 'number', 'attendees', 'developments', 'processing', 'activities', 'part', 'strategy', 'requirements', 'efficiency', 'ECS', 'insights', 'VP', 'addition', 'Cocktail', 'link', 'Date', 'Register', 'information', 'brief', 'products', 'infrastructures', 'processors', 'combination', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'Automotive', 'others', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'Bpifrance', 'expertise', 'passion', 'planet', 'developers', 'kalrayinc', '10']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,businesswire.com
13004,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221110005631/en/Teleperformance-Launch-of-a-Share-Buyback-Program-for-150-Million-Euros-Following-the-Disproportionate-Decline-in-the-Share-Price,Teleperformance: Launch of a Share Buyback Program for 150 Million Euros Following the Disproportionate Decline in the Share Price,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance Group's (Paris:TEP) executive management has requested a brief suspension of its listing following the sell-off caused by the announcement in certain media by the Colombian Vice-Minister of Labor of her…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance Group's (Paris:TEP) executive management has requested a brief suspension of its listing following the sell-off caused by the announcement in certain media by the Colombian Vice-Minister of Labor of her decision to overview the work environment in its Colombian subsidiary.To date  the Group has not been officially notified by the Colombian government. Teleperformance is confident in the results of such an audit  as the management team of the Colombian subsidiary has always developed the company in compliance with the law.As a result of the situation induced  the Group considers that Teleperformance share buyback is today a good usage of its available cash  in compliance with the law.Consequently  it has been decided to allocate an initial amount of €150 million to the share buyback program of the Group within the framework of the authorization given by the Shareholders’ meeting of Teleperformance of April 14  2022.The Group will apply for the resumption of the listing of its shares as soon as possible.Conference call with analysts and investorsA conference call will be held today at 6:00 pm CET.Dial-in-numbers will be communicated in due time.*****************About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,mixed,0.47,0.25,0.28,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Share Price', '150 Million Euros', 'Disproportionate Decline', 'Teleperformance', 'Launch', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Paris:TEP) executive management', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'related digital services', 'share buyback program', 'citizen experience management', 'Euronext Paris market', 'deferred settlement service', 'successful customer interaction', 'optimized business processes', 'Teleperformance share buyback', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'management team', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'outsourced customer', 'TEP FP', 'Regulatory News', 'brief suspension', 'Colombian Vice-Minister', 'work environment', 'Colombian subsidiary', 'Colombian government', 'good usage', 'available cash', 'initial amount', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'Conference call', 'due time', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer” process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'The Group', 'Teleperformance shares', 'Teleperformance Group', 'listing', 'sell-off', 'announcement', 'media', 'Labor', 'decision', 'results', 'audit', 'company', 'compliance', 'law', 'situation', 'framework', 'authorization', 'April', 'resumption', 'analysts', 'investors', 'numbers', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', '420,000 employees', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'mission', 'use', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', '6:00']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,businesswire.com
13005,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/third-quarter-2022-financial-information-063000674.html,Third quarter 2022 financial information,Press release Third quarter 2022 financial information Third quarter consolidated revenues up 1.6% like-for-likeConsolidated revenues of €7.1m for the first ...,MRMPress releaseThird quarter 2022 financial informationThird quarter consolidated revenues up 1.6% like-for-likeConsolidated revenues of €7.1m for the first nine months of the year  stable on a like-for-like basisRobust letting activity  with €0.9m of leases signed since the start of the yearParis  10 November 2022: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6)  a real estate company specialising in retail property  today announced its consolidated revenues for the third quarter of 2022  corresponding to gross rental income for the period.Robust letting activityMRM signed 11 new leases or lease renewals during the first nine months of the year  with a reversion rate of -3.7%. In total  these leases represent a total floor area of 4 600 sqm and cumulative annual rents of €0.9 million  equal to 9% of MRM’s gross annualised rental base.As a reminder  MRM signed a lease with fitness chain On Air for the 2 000 sqm medium-sized unit within the Carré Vélizy mixed-used development (Vélizy-Villacoublay) vacated by Office Depot in January 2022. This lease came into effect on 29 April 2022.During the third quarter alone  three leases were signed representing cumulative annual rents of €0.2 million.Change in revenuesMRM’s gross rental income for the third quarter of 2022 totalled €2.44 million  up 1.6% like-for-like1 relative to the third quarter of 2021.Over the first nine months of the year  revenues totalled €7.14 million  stable relative to the first nine months of last year on a like-for-like basis.Thanks to its lettings successes  MRM has benefited since the start of the year from the full effect of the new leases signed in 2021 for the Valentin shopping centre (near Besançon)  Aria Parc (Allonnes) and Sud Canal (Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines)  as well as new leases coming into effect over the period. This positive effect was offset by the impact of the temporary vacancy of the medium-sized unit at the Carré Vélizy shopping centre between January and April 2022  which has been relet to fitness centre On Air (see above). The indexation effect was slightly positive.Story continuesOn a reported basis  taking account of the impact of the disposal of two non-strategic assets in October 2021  third quarter revenues were down 1.7% relative to the third quarter of 2021  while revenues for the first nine months of the year fell 3.2% relative to the same period last year.€m Q32022 Q32021 Change Like-for-like change1 9 months 2022 9 months 2021 Change Like-for-like change1 Total grossrental income 2.44 2.48 -1.7% +1.6% 7.14 7.37 -3.2% +0.1%(unaudited figures)Financial positionMRM’s financial position remains healthy with a solid balance sheet. Following the refinancing of all of its bank debt in December 2021  the next significant repayment is due in December 2028.MRM has a credit facility to contribute to financing new investments in value-enhancement and CSR efforts. Out of the initial €6.4 million  €5.5 million was available as at 30 September 2022.OutlookAs a reminder  on 28 July 2022  MRM signed an agreement to acquire two shopping centres from Altarea for a total of €90.4 million including transfer taxes  with a view to finalize the acquisition by the end of 2022. This planned acquisition would increase the value of MRM’s portfolio by more than 50% and improve its profitability.As regards its current portfolio  MRM remains focused on the following operational priorities:• Analysis and deployment of investment programmes to enhance the value of its assets;• Letting available space;• The rollout of the ESG action plan and the Climate Plan adopted by MRM  paying particular attention to further reducing energy consumption.CalendarA combined general shareholders’ meeting will be held on 16 November 2022 in connection with the announced proposed acquisition and Altarea taking a stake in MRM. The meeting notice was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires on 31 October 2022 and can be found on the Company’s website (Shareholders > General Meetings).About MRMMRM is a listed real estate investment company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 59.9% of share capital. MRM is listed in Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP – Reuters code: MRM.PA). MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008.For more informationMRM5  avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT +33 (0)1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.com Isabelle Laurent  OPRG FinancialM +33 (0)6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frWebsite: www.mrminvest.com1 Like-for-like changes are calculated by deducting rents generated by assets sold in year n from reported revenues in year n-1.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.19,0.04,True,English,"['Third quarter 2022 financial information', 'Carré Vélizy mixed-used development', 'Carré Vélizy shopping centre', 'listed real estate investment company', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'gross annualised rental base', 'real estate company', 'Valentin shopping centre', 'Third quarter 2022 financial information', 'two shopping centres', 'Robust letting activity', 'gross rental income', 'solid balance sheet', 'next significant repayment', 'following operational priorities', '5, avenue Kléber', 'ESG action plan', 'first nine months', 'cumulative annual rents', 'total floor area', 'two non-strategic assets', '2,000 sqm medium-sized unit', 'Euronext code ISIN', 'general shareholders’ meeting', 'third quarter revenues', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'investment programmes', 'fitness centre', 'Financial position', 'Climate Plan', 'General Meetings', 'OPRG Financial', 'Bloomberg code', 'Reuters code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press release', 'retail property', 'reversion rate', 'fitness chain', 'Office Depot', 'lettings successes', 'Besançon', 'Aria Parc', 'Sud Canal', 'temporary vacancy', 'unaudited figures', 'bank debt', 'credit facility', 'new investments', 'CSR efforts', 'transfer taxes', 'available space', 'particular attention', 'energy consumption', 'retail properties', 'several regions', 'majority shareholder', 'SCOR SE', 'share capital', 'Compartment C', 'SIIC status', '11 new leases', 'three leases', 'Paris Cedex', 'full effect', 'positive effect', 'indexation effect', 'Consolidated revenues', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'lease renewals', 'same period', 'planned acquisition', 'current portfolio', 'last year', '9 months', '4,600 sqm', 'MRM', 'basis', 'start', 'November', 'reminder', 'Air', 'January', '29 April', 'Change', 'Allonnes', 'Saint-Quentin', 'Yvelines', 'impact', 'Story', 'account', 'disposal', 'October', 'Q3', 'refinancing', 'December', 'value-enhancement', 'initial', '30 September', 'Outlook', '28 July', 'agreement', 'Altarea', 'view', 'end', 'profitability', 'Analysis', 'deployment', 'rollout', 'connection', 'proposed', 'stake', 'notice', 'Bulletin', 'website', 'France', 'FP', 'relation_finances', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment', '€']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13006,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/credit-agricole-sa-cr-dit-192500090.html,CREDIT AGRICOLE SA: Crédit Agricole S.A. launches a Share Repurchase Program for up to 16 658 366 ordinary shares of the Company,Montrouge  November 10th  2022 Crédit Agricole S.A. launches a Share Repurchase Programfor up to 16 658 366 ordinary shares of the Company Crédit Agricole...,CREDIT AGRICOLE SAMontrouge  November 10th  2022Crédit Agricole S.A. launches a Share Repurchase Programfor up to 16 658 366 ordinary shares of the CompanyCrédit Agricole S.A.  having received all necessary supervisory approvals  announces today that it will start a share repurchase program of up to 16 658 366 of Crédit Agricole S.A.’s ordinary shares. The program shall start on 11 November 2022 and end no later than 7 December 2022. Shares purchased under the Program will be cancelled.This transaction aims to offset the dilutive effect of the 2022 capital increase reserved for employees.Crédit Agricole S.A. has given an irrevocable instruction to an independent investment services provider (the “Investment Services Provider”) in relation to the purchase by the Investment Services Provider  during the period commencing on 11 November 2022 and ending no later than 7 December 2022  of ordinary shares in the share capital of Crédit Agricole S.A. (the “Shares”) up to 16 658 366 Shares.Any purchase of Shares done in relation to this announcement will be carried out on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and Multilateral Trading Facilities where the Shares are admitted to trading or traded and executed in accordance with the price and volume conditions set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilisation measures  and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s general authority to make market purchases of Shares pursuant to the 23rd resolution adopted by the General Meeting of Crédit Agricole S.A. on 24 May 2022. Crédit Agricole S.A. will announce any market repurchase of Shares accordingly.The existing liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux will be temporarily suspended during the execution of the share repurchase program.Story continuesThe description of the share repurchase program  set out in Section 1 (page 39) of Crédit Agricole S.A.’s Universal Registration Document filed and registered with the Autorité des marchés financiers on 24 March 2022 under number D.22-0142  as well as the text of the 23rd resolution adopted by the General Meeting of Crédit Agricole S.A. on 24 May 2022  are available on Crédit Agricole S.A.’s website:This announcement does not constitute  or form part of  an offer or any solicitation of an offer for securities in any jurisdiction.CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. PRESS CONTACTAlexandre Barat : 01 57 72 12 19 – alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain : 01 43 23 25 41 – olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frFind our press release on: www.credit-agricole.com - www.creditagricole.infoAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.48,0.52,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'Share Repurchase Program', '16,658,366 ordinary shares', 'Company', 'CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. PRESS CONTACT', 'des marchés financiers', 'independent investment services provider', 'CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'necessary supervisory approvals', 'Multilateral Trading Facilities', 'regulatory technical standards', 'existing liquidity agreement', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Share Repurchase Program', 'press release', 'share capital', 'market repurchase', 'dilutive effect', '2022 capital increase', 'irrevocable instruction', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'European Parliament', 'buyback programs', 'stabilisation measures', 'general authority', 'market purchases', '23rd resolution', 'General Meeting', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Alexandre Barat', 'alexandre.barat', 'volume conditions', '16,658,366 ordinary shares', 'Olivier Tassain', '8 March', '24 March', '16,658,366 Shares', 'Montrouge', 'Company', '11 November', '7 December', 'transaction', 'employees', 'relation', 'period', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'price', 'Council', 'regard', '24 May', 'execution', 'Story', 'description', 'Section', 'page', 'number', 'text', 'website', 'part', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'Attachment', '01']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13007,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nordic-nanovector-asa-notice-extraordinary-173200042.html,Nordic Nanovector ASA - Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting on 1 December 2022,"Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Nordic Nanovector ASA (""Nordic Nanovector"" or the ""Company"") on 9 November 2022 announcing that the...","OSLO  Norway  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Nordic Nanovector ASA (""Nordic Nanovector"" or the ""Company"") on 9 November 2022 announcing that the Company has entered into a merger agreement with all shareholders of APIM Therapeutics AS to combine the companies in an all-stock transaction. Completion of the transaction is dependent on the approval by the General Meeting of the Company.Nordic Nanovector hereby calls for an Extraordinary General Meeting in the Company to be held on 1 December 2022  at 10:00 hours CET at Advokatfirmaet Selmer  Tjuvholmen Allé 1  0252 Oslo. The full notice with appendices is attached. The notice and the documents to which it refers are also available on www.nordicnanovector.com.Shareholders wishing to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting  in person or by proxy  must complete and return the attendance form or power of attorney form attached to the notice to Nordea Bank Abp  Issuer Service  Postboks 1166 Sentrum  N-0107 Oslo  or by e-mail to nis@nordea.com no later than 29 November 2022  16:00 CET. Attendance or proxies may also be registered electronically through Euronext Securities Oslo (formerly VPS) Investor Services.For further information  please contact:IR enquiriesMalene Brondberg  interim CEO and CFOCell: +44 7561 431 762Email: ir@nordicnanovector.comMedia EnquiriesMark SwallowithFrazer Hall/David Dible (Citigate Dewe Rogerson)Tel: +44 203 926 8535Email: nordicnanovector@citigatedewerogerson.comAbout Nordic Nanovector:Nordic Nanovector is committed to develop and deliver innovative therapies to patients to address major unmet medical needs and advance cancer care. The Company's pipeline includes:Betalutin® and Humalutin®  both CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapies incorporating the beta emitter lutetium-177 to treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL);Alpha37  a CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapy candidate incorporating the alpha-emitting radionuclide lead-212  currently being explored with partner Oranomed for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia;Multiple fully humanized anti-CD37 antibodies with potential in haematological cancers and autoimmune diseases; andA CD37 DOTA CAR-T cell opportunity in haematological cancers  which is being advanced via a research collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania.Story continuesFurther information can be found at www.nordicnanovector.com.This information is subject to a duty of disclosure pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Securities Trading Act.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/82e3b13cf8594ce3.pdf Nordic Nanovector Proposed resolutions for the EGM 2022 English https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/a87a703cb041ed5b.pdf Nordic Nanovector Proposed resolutions for the EGM 2022 norsk https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/99533486cb3abe63.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Notice of EGM ENG https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/bfb37ffa44d0bbe9.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Notice of EGM NOR https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/a743bf6c3a5e3b83.pdf Sakkyndig redegjørelse Nordic Nanovector ASA https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/aa3a72b943accc6f.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Merger announcement presentationCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/nordic-nanovector-asa---notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-on-1-december-2022-301674812.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.26,0.4,True,English,"['Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Notice', '1 December', 'A CD37 DOTA CAR-T cell opportunity', 'Sakkyndig redegjørelse Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Multiple fully humanized anti-CD37 antibodies', 'major unmet medical needs', 'APIM Therapeutics AS', 'VPS) Investor Services', 'Citigate Dewe Rogerson', 'beta emitter lutetium', 'alpha-emitting radionuclide lead-2', 'chronic lymphocytic leukaemia', 'Securities Trading Act', 'stock exchange announcement', 'CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapy candidate', 'Merger announcement presentation', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'CFO Cell', 'merger agreement', 'CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapies', 'stock transaction', 'Advokatfirmaet Selmer', 'Tjuvholmen Allé', 'attorney form', 'Issuer Service', 'IR enquiries', 'Malene Brondberg', 'interim CEO', 'Media Enquiries', 'Mark Swallow', 'Frazer Hall', 'David Dible', 'innovative therapies', 'cancer care', 'haematological cancers', 'autoimmune diseases', 'research collaboration', 'following files', 'original content', 'attendance form', 'EGM ENG', 'EGM NOR', 'Further information', 'The Company', 'full notice', '0252 Oslo', '07 Oslo', 'Norway', 'Reference', '9 November', 'shareholders', 'companies', 'Completion', 'approval', '1 December', '10:00 hours', 'appendices', 'documents', 'person', 'proxy', 'power', 'Postboks', '1166 Sentrum', 'mail', 'nis', 'proxies', 'Tel', 'patients', 'pipeline', 'Betalutin', 'Humalutin', 'Hodgkin', 'lymphoma', 'NHL', 'Alpha37', 'partner', 'potential', 'University', 'Pennsylvania', 'Story', 'nordicnanovector', 'duty', 'disclosure', 'Section', 'download', 'cision', 'resolutions', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'nordic-nanovector', 'extraordinary-general-meeting', '16:00']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13008,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unifiedpost-onboarding-customers-accelerates-further-060000695.html,Unifiedpost’s onboarding of new customers accelerates further in Q3,Growth momentum for digitising SMEs enhances – double digit top line growth La Hulpe  Belgium – November 10  2022  7:00 a.m. CET - Regulated Information...,Growth momentum for digitising SMEs enhances – double digit top line growthLa Hulpe  Belgium – November 10  2022  7:00 a.m. CET - Regulated Information - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) is pleased to announce a continued double-digit digital revenue growth over nine month Interim (9M) 2022 (+16.4%). The recurring digital processing revenue grew by 20% y/y to €83.4 million  while total revenue grew by 13.6% y/y to €135.7 million over the same period. Since the beginning of the year  Unifiedpost grew its customer base by 24.5% to 986 971 SMEs. The onboarding of new customers keeps on accelerating. While in the first six months of the year an average of 19.708 new customers were onboarded per month  this figure has increased to 25.375 on average per month in Q3 2022.Highlights9M 2022 Group revenue grew by 13.6% y/y to €135.7 millionDigital processing revenue grew by more than 16.4% y/y to €88.6 million  with recurring digital processing revenue up 20% The organic growth of digital processing revenue for 9M 2022 was 13.8%Strong customer growth of 24.5% compared since the start of the FY 2022Growth rates in digital business increasingly supported by European government’s decisionsCommenting on the business update  Hans Leybaert  CEO and founder stated: “We are pleased that the roll-out of our platform is leading to an increased adoption by local entrepreneurs and business owners throughout Europe. During the summer period we saw an increased demand for our solutions resulting in an accelerated customer growth  even though in many markets the digital B2B invoicing is not mandatory today. We put a lot of effort in the geographical expansion of our services throughout Europe  and I’m happy we are succeeding. Our team and solutions prove daily that we are highly scalable: the platform is available in 32 countries  adapted to local needs. During last summer our team for government licence business delivered to the high expectations with the go-live in Serbia. I am proud of the results and the achievements of our Unifiedpost team. We look forward to duplicating this together with our partners for all major licensing deals we have in the pipeline.”Story continuesKey financial figures(EUR million) Q3 2022 YTD Q3 2022 YTD Q3 2021 Change (%) Digital processing revenue 29.3 88.6 76.1 +16.4% Recurring digital processing revenue 27.1 83.4 69.5 +20.0% Non-recurring digital revenue 2.2 5.2 6.6 -21.2% Postage & parcel optimisation revenue 14.7 47.1 43.4 +8.5% Group revenue 44.0 135.7 119.5 +13.6%Key business KPI’s(#) End Q3 2022 End Q2 2022 End Q1 2022 End Q4 2021 Customers 986 971 910 845 857 313 792 594 Paying customers 453 417 430 524 402 494 368 277 Customers paid by 3rd parties 533 554 480 321 454 819 424.317 Companies in business network 2 023 460 1 745 401 1 615 062 1 504 895 Banqup customers 80 420 68 546 56 000 35 408 Organic growth (new subscriptions) 3 928 5 529 5 197 4 855 Migrated 7 847 7 116 15 395 - Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox) 37 459 35 382 31 884 28 864 Banqup customers France (JeFacture) 4 087 3 591 2 844 2 072Double-digit growth rates in digital processing businessUnifiedpost grew its revenue in the first nine months of 2022 by 13.6% y/y to €135.7 million  driven by strong growth of the recurring digital processing revenue combined with a sound growth in postage and parcel optimisation services.Growth digital processing mainly driven by organic growthThe Group saw its revenue from digital processing increasing by 16.4% y/y to €88.6 in the first three quarters. 13.8% of the growth was organic. This was mainly driven by the strong growth rate of 20.0% y/y in recurring digital revenue  i.e. digital platform revenue excluding the project and licence business. The growth is spread over different countries and markets  with the Nordic countries  Serbia  Romania  the Baltics  and the Benelux showing growth rates accelerating.The project and licence business  which is non-recurring  contributed €5.2 million (9M 2021: €6.6m). Because of the guidelines around digital invoicing that are being introduced in more and more European countries  there is an increasing demand from governments for a portal that enables the continuous real-time monitoring of each invoice. This will have a positive impact on the growth that Unifiedpost is pursuing. As indicated with our H1 2022 results  Unifiedpost expects to generate more project and licence revenue by the end of the year as the Company is expected to benefit from significant projects billed in Q4 2022.96.2% of the total group revenue results from recurring services  in line with Q2 2022.Sound growth in postage & parcel optimisation businessGroup revenue was also supported by robust growth in postage and parcel optimisation services  + 8.5% y/y in 9M 2022 to €47.1 million. Unifiedpost sees its postage and parcel optimisation business having an excellent 9M 2022. The increase in the top-line was caused by the onboarding of large new customers in combination with general price increases.Customer base grew strongly with improved momentumUnifiedpost grew its customer base further reaching a new record of 986 971 customers at the end of September (+24.5% compared to YE 2021). The consolidated business network expanded to just above 2 million companies by the end of Q3 2022  representing an estimated 8% of businesses in Europe.The total number of Banqup customers more than doubled since the beginning of FY 2021: from 35 408 YE 2021 to 80 420 at the end of Q3 2022. Banqup is Unifiedpost’s core SME-product allowing customers to create and send sales invoices  keep an overview of all (financial) documents and manage administration. The platform also offers a unique  inhouse developed payment functionality. The customer growth over the last three months includes migration effects from legacy platforms. Adjusting for such migrated users  the number of Banqup users increased by 14 654 in the first nine months of 2022.Within the French market  Unifiedpost sees the number of JeFacture customers increase steadily. The Unifiedpost management expects the growth rate of its customers in the French market to accelerate in the coming periods.The overall average revenue per unit (ARPU) in digital processing business1 reached €21.7. The decline in ARPU compared to FY2021 (€27.9) is predominantly due to two effects. The first one is a negative effect from the last quarter as that includes the licence revenue resulting from the project with the Serbian Government. The second one results from the significantly higher and increasing revenue contribution from Unifiedpost’s SME business with a structurally lower ARPU.Positive cash flow expected for H2 2023Due to the changed economic circumstances and business conditions  the Company has made the target to become cash flow positive its predominant priority. The target remains to be cash flow positive for H2 2023. <End>Investors & Media webcastManagement will host a live video webcast for analysts  investors and media today at 10:00 a.m. CET.A recording will be available shortly after the event. To attend  please register at https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=9B0FAE98-BFBC-42EE-87D6-60C47EAD9555 . Participants can also join via telephone. They can obtain their personal dial-in details by registering with this link: https://registrations.events/direct/NTE60150 .A full replay be available after the webcast at: https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relationsFinancial Calendar 202230 November 2022 Investor DayInvestor Relations & MediaSarah Heuninck+32 491 15 05 09sarah.heuninck@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1 600 000 SMEs and more than 2 500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2021 turnover €171 million1400+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentially from the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.1 Revenue in digital processing revenue divided by number of paying customers at the end of the relevant period.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,positive,0.76,0.22,0.02,True,English,"['new customers', 'Unifiedpost', 'onboarding', 'Q3', 'double digit top line growth', 'continued double-digit digital revenue growth', 'recurring digital processing revenue', 'recurring digital revenue', 'first six months', 'major licensing deals', 'Key financial figures', 'first three quarters', 'continuous real-time monitoring', 'general price increases', 'digital processing business', 'parcel optimisation revenue', 'Growth digital processing', 'Double-digit growth rates', 'digital B2B invoicing', 'first nine months', 'Key business KPI', 'parcel optimisation business', 'parcel optimisation services', 'strong growth rate', 'digital platform revenue', 'total group revenue', 'Banqup customers France', 'large new customers', 'Strong customer growth', 'government licence business', '9M 2022 Group revenue', 'End Q4 2021 Customers', 'recurring services', 'digital invoicing', 'digital business', 'total revenue', 'licence revenue', 'European government', 'business update', 'business owners', 'business network', '19.708 new customers', 'Growth momentum', 'organic growth', 'sound growth', 'robust growth', 'customer base', 'new subscriptions', 'The Group', 'La Hulpe', 'Regulated Information', 'same period', 'Hans Leybaert', 'local entrepreneurs', 'summer period', 'geographical expansion', 'local needs', 'last summer', 'high expectations', '3rd parties', 'positive impact', 'significant projects', 'different countries', 'Nordic countries', 'European countries', 'excellent 9M', 'increased adoption', 'many markets', 'increasing demand', 'H1 2022 results', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'End Q3', 'Unifiedpost team', '32 countries', 'digitising', 'SMEs', 'Belgium', 'November', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'Interim', 'beginning', 'year', 'onboarding', 'average', 'Highlights', 'start', 'FY', 'decisions', 'CEO', 'founder', 'roll-out', 'solutions', 'accelerated', 'lot', 'effort', 'Serbia', 'achievements', 'partners', 'pipeline', 'Story', 'YTD', 'Change', 'Postage', 'Q1', '4.317 Companies', 'Billtobox', 'JeFacture', 'Romania', 'Baltics', 'Benelux', 'guidelines', 'governments', 'portal', 'invoice', 'Q2', 'top-line', 'combination', '7:00', '16.']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13009,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552754/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-November-3-November-9-2022.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 3 – November 9  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 3 – November 9  2022          November 10  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider...,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 3 – November 9  2022November 10  2022 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 325 699 of its own ordinary shares in the period from November 3  2022  up to and including November 9  2022  for €32.4 million and at an average share price of €99.60.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2022  as announced on August 3  2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 8 071 987 788.5 97.68For the period starting November 3  2022  up to and including December 28  2022  we have mandated a third party to execute €244 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'November', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share buybacks', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'November', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'August', 'date', 'December', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13010,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552725/0/en/Nexans-signs-agreement-to-acquire-Reka-Cables-from-Reka-Industrial.html,Nexans signs agreement to acquire Reka Cables from Reka Industrial,Nexans signs agreement to acquire Reka Cables from Reka Industrial           Paris  France  November 10  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX)...,English FrenchNexans signs agreement to acquire Reka Cables from Reka IndustrialParis  France  November 10  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) announced today that it has entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Reka Industrial Plc (NASDAQ OMX Helsinki: REKA) to acquire Reka Cables (the “Transaction”). This acquisition will strengthen Nexans’ position in the Nordics notably in electricity Distribution and Usages.Founded in 1961  Reka Cables is active in the manufacturing of low and medium voltages cables for the Usages and Distribution applications. With a turnover expected to exceed 160 million euros in 2022 and 270 people  the company is one of the leaders of the Finnish market operating in four countries and benefits from a premium reputation in the Nordics. It became in November 2021 one of the first cable manufacturers to become Carbon Neutral on scope 1 and scope 2.Nexans will acquire Reka Cables for an equity price of 53 million euros  including a financial net debt of 6.5 million euros as of end of September 2022. Completion of the Transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and is expected to take place in the first half of 2023.Christopher Guérin  Nexans CEO said: “With a deep commitment to energy transition and carbon neutrality  Reka Cables is fully aligned with the Group’s strategic ambition to become a Pure Electrification Player committed to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030. This premium Finnish operation will further contribute to Nexans’ ability to serve our Nordic customers with high quality and safe cables in the region. I am convinced that this operations will benefit the teams of both Reka Cables and Nexans  with synergies and development opportunities ahead of them.”Jukka Poutanen  Reka Cables’ CEO  emphasized: “The Reka Cables’ team has consistently delivered high quality cables. As a global player in electrification and an active promoter of the energy transition  Nexans is a great fit for Reka Cables”Nexans expects to fund the acquisition with a mix of available cash and debt.About Reka IndustrialReka Industrial is a Finnish investment company. As an industrial family company  Reka Industrial is committed to develop the performance and sustainability of the companies we own. Currently  the company has two industrial ownerships: Reka Cables and Reka Rubber. Reka Industrial class B shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With around 25 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2021  Nexans generated 6.1 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Energy Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usages  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comNexans Contacts:Investor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com CommunicationEmmanuel GuinotTel.: +33 (0) 6 75 02 20 73emmanuel.guinot@nexans.comReka Industrial Contact:CommunicationJukka Poutanen  CEOTel.: +358 40 833 9007Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Reka Cables', 'Reka Industrial', 'Nexans', 'agreement', 'Reka Industrial class B shares', 'five main business areas', 'The Reka Cables’ team', 'NASDAQ OMX Helsinki', 'Christopher Guérin', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'two industrial ownerships', 'medium voltages cables', 'premium Finnish operation', 'Reka Industrial Plc', 'Reka Industrial Contact', 'Share Purchase Agreement', 'financial net debt', 'first cable manufacturers', 'industrial family company', 'Finnish investment company', 'high quality cables', 'Pure Electrification Player', 'Finnish market', 'premium reputation', 'global player', 'cable systems', 'first half', 'safe cables', 'Reka Rubber', 'first company', 'The Group', 'English French', '160 million euros', 'Carbon Neutral', 'equity price', '53 million euros', '6.5 million euros', 'regulatory approvals', 'deep commitment', 'strategic ambition', 'Nordic customers', 'development opportunities', 'Jukka Poutanen', 'active promoter', 'great fit', 'available cash', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', '6.1 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'energy transition', 'Energy Generation', 'Euronext Paris', 'electricity Distribution', 'Distribution applications', 'four countries', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Nexans SA', 'Nexans’ position', 'Nexans’ ability', 'Nexans Contacts', 'Nexans CEO', '42 countries', 'France', 'Transaction', 'acquisition', 'Nordics', 'Usages', 'manufacturing', 'low', 'turnover', '270 people', 'leaders', 'November', 'scope', 'end', 'September', 'Completion', 'place', 'region', 'operations', 'teams', 'synergies', 'mix', 'performance', 'sustainability', 'companies', 'planet', 'future', '25,000 people', 'charge', 'everyone', 'design', 'services', 'Transmission', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Tel.', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '2022', '33']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13011,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000872.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8090 £ 24.3875 Estimated MTD return -1.20 % -1.22 % Estimated YTD return -4.76 % -3.63 % Estimated ITD return 178.09 % 143.87 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 564 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.8431 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.0807The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.04,0.15,0.81,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '564 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13012,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000483.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8090 £ 24.3875 Estimated MTD return -1.20 % -1.22 % Estimated YTD return -4.76 % -3.63 % Estimated ITD return 178.09 % 143.87 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 564 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.8431 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.0807The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.04,0.15,0.81,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '564 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13013,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fonds-strat-gique-participations-increases-170000595.html,The Fonds Stratégique de Participations increases its shareholding in Believe,Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan Press release Paris  10 November 2022 The Fonds Stratégique de...,BelieveNot for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanPress releaseParis  10 November 2022The Fonds Stratégique de Participations increases its shareholding in BelieveThe Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP)  a long-term shareholder of Believe since its listing in June 2021  is increasing its equity holding. This initiative clearly demonstrates the Fund’s commitment to supporting the development of one of the world’s leading digital music companies.Since its creation in 2013  the Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP)  financed by seven major French insurers  has provided stable capital to forward-looking companies embodying French excellence  with a view to creating sustainable value. Managed by the asset manager ISALT  the FSP acquires significant long-term shareholdings in such companies while taking part in governance as a member of their Boards of Directors.The FSP acquired its initial stake in Believe as a cornerstone investor during the IPO in June 2021  and currently holds nearly 4% of Believe’s share capital. The fund also occupies a seat on the company's Board of Directors  where it is represented by Cécile Frot-Coutaz.Today  the FSP is reasserting its commitment to Believe  a privileged partner of digital artists and independent record labels  as well as a driving force behind the new globe-spanning music industry. This operation also testifies to the trust ISALT and the FSP have placed in Believe’s management team  as well as their adherence to the values espoused by the company as a trailblazer shaping the music industry of tomorrow.Nicolas Dubourg  Chairman of ISALT  said: “Believe is an indispensable player in today’s digital-driven music industry. By increasing our equity investment in the company  we are reasserting our commitment vis-a-vis the management team and our confidence in the growth of a visionary business at the heart of a fast-changing sector. The publication of Q3 results confirmed Believe’s outstanding operational trajectory  as well as the shrewdness of its business model”.Story continuesDenis Ladegaillerie  Founder and Chairman and CEO of Believe  added: “We are grateful to the Fonds Stratégique de Participations for the trust it has placed in Believe since the IPO  as well as for its firm commitment and its participation in our Board of Directors. This active support and guidance is essential for us”.About the Fonds Stratégique de ParticipationsThe FSP is an investment vehicle whose shareholders and directors are 7 major French insurance companies: BNP Paribas Cardif  CNP Assurances  Crédit Agricole Assurances  Groupama  Natixis Assurances  Société́ Générale Assurances and Suravenir. The FSP aims to provide long-term support to French companies in their growth and transition projects. To this end  it takes significant and qualified “strategic” holdings in the capital of companies and participates in their governance by sitting on their Board of Directors or Supervisory Board. The FSP portfolio  valued at €2.65 billion at 31 December 2021  includes 10 stakes in the capital of leading French companies in their sector: Seb  Arkema  Safran  Eutelsat Communications  Tikehau Capital  Elior  Neoen  Valeo  Believe and Soitec.About ISALTISALT is a portfolio management company created in 2020 and specialised in the management of long-term investment funds for professional investors or similar. ISALT’s main activity is the management of the Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP). As such  it implements an investment strategy that consists of taking significant long-term stakes in the capital of French companies and sitting on their governance bodies. ISALT’s objective is to provide stable capital  to identify value creation levers within companies and to ensure that opportunities linked to essential transitions are at the core of their development strategy. www.isalt-gestion.comAbout BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).For more information: www.believe.comISALT media contact:Patricia Salomon9 Rue Duphot  75001 Parispatricia.salomon@isalt-gestion.comAttachment,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,positive,0.69,0.24,0.08,True,English,"['The Fonds Stratégique de', 'Participations', 'shareholding', 'Believe', 'Société́ Générale Assurances', 'The Fonds Stratégique de Participations', 'Crédit Agricole Assurances', 'seven major French insurers', 'new globe-spanning music industry', '7 major French insurance companies', 'leading digital music companies', 'Cécile Frot-Coutaz.', 'digital-driven music industry', 'outstanding operational trajectory', 'BNP Paribas Cardif', 'qualified “strategic” holdings', 'digital music experts', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'leading French companies', 'significant long-term shareholdings', 'long-term investment funds', 'value creation levers', 'ISALT media contact', 'significant long-term stakes', 'independent record labels', 'CNP Assurances', 'Natixis Assurances', 'portfolio management company', 'French excellence', 'The FSP', 'digital artists', 'long-term shareholder', 'long-term support', 'sustainable value', 'forward-looking companies', 'equity investment', 'investment vehicle', 'investment strategy', 'digital world', 'independent artists', 'United States', 'Press release', 'equity holding', 'asset manager', 'initial stake', 'cornerstone investor', 'privileged partner', 'driving force', 'Nicolas Dubourg', 'indispensable player', 'visionary business', 'Q3 results', 'business model', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'active support', 'transition projects', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'professional investors', 'main activity', 'essential transitions', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', '9 Rue Duphot', 'management team', 'stable capital', 'share capital', 'Tikehau Capital', 'changing sector', 'various solutions', 'Patricia Salomon', 'FSP portfolio', 'governance bodies', 'development strategy', 'Euronext Paris', 'firm commitment', 'Supervisory Board', '10 stakes', '75001 Paris', 'Believe', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', '10 November', 'listing', 'June', 'initiative', 'view', 'member', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'IPO', 'seat', 'trust', 'adherence', 'values', 'trailblazer', 'tomorrow', 'Chairman', 'today', 'confidence', 'growth', 'heart', 'publication', 'shrewdness', 'Story', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'guidance', 'shareholders', 'Groupama', 'Suravenir', '31 December', 'Seb', 'Arkema', 'Safran', 'Elior', 'Neoen', 'Valeo', 'Soitec', 'objective', 'opportunities', 'core', 'gestion', 'mission', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', '1,610 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'brands', 'AllPoints', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'information', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13014,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553638/0/en/Opening-of-a-judicial-liquidation-proceedings-for-Recylex-S-A.html,Opening of a judicial liquidation proceedings for Recylex S.A.,"Recylex S.A. (Euronext Paris : FR0000120388 - RX) (the ""Company"") announces that on November 9  2022  the Paris Commercial Court has ordered the conversion of the Company's reorganization proceedings  initiated by judgment of May 5  2022 1   into liquidation …","French EnglishRecylex S.A. (Euronext Paris : FR0000120388 - RX) (the ""Company"") announces that on November 9  2022  the Paris Commercial Court has ordered the conversion of the Company's reorganization proceedings  initiated by judgment of May 5  2022 1   into liquidation proceedings.This conversion follows the Paris Commercial Court's decision on July 6  2022 2 to approve a plan for the partial sale of Recylex SA as part of a ""pre-pack sale"" process to the Belgian company Campine NV.As a reminder  the partial disposal plan concerned the lead and polypropylene recycling activities at the Company's Escaudoeuvres (Nord) and Villefranche-sur-Saône (Rhône) sites  all the jobs associated with these sites and Recylex SA's interest in C2P SAS  which is wholly owned by the Company  for a total disposal price of approximately € 4 million.Campine has been managing the assets and activities included in the scope of the sale since July 7  2022. The resulting deeds of sale are in the process of being regularized.As a result of this partial disposal  Recylex S.A.'s business was reduced to a holding company activity consisting of the management of significant financial and environmental liabilities and a 50% stake in Recytech S.A.  which stake is subject to several pledges 3 .Recylex S.A. was placed in reorganization proceedings in order to study a legal solution for restructuring its debt. On July 13  2022  the Paris Commercial Court ordered the continuation of the Company's observation period until its expiry on November 5  2022.This being the case  it appeared that Recylex S.A. was no longer generating any revenues of its own  its only income consisting of dividends from Recytech S.A.Recylex S.A.'s judicial administrators considered that the company was clearly unable to draw up a recovery plan that would enable it to meet its liabilities  and referred the matter to the Paris Commercial Court for the purpose of converting the reorganization into a judicial liquidation.As a result  the Paris Commercial Court has taken the decision described in this press release to convert the reorganization proceedings into a judicial liquidation.In its conversion judgment  the Paris Commercial Court has in particular:terminated the observation period of the reorganization proceedings ; terminated the mission of the judicial administrators  SCP Abitbol & Rousselet  in the person of Frédéric Abitbol  and SELARL 2M & Associés  in the person of Carole Martinez ; appointed SCP Canet  in the person of Maître Patrick Canet  and SELAFA MJA  in the person of Maître Charles-Axel Chuine  as judicial liquidators ; and set at two years the period at the end of which the closure of these judicial liquidation proceedings must be examined.The parties to the judgment are thus invited to attend the next hearing set for November 7  2024.***1 See press releases of April 15  May 6 and June 15  20222 See press releases of June 15  July 1 and July 6  20223 See press release of April 15  2022 - As a reminder  the first and second rank pledges cover certain financial commitments of the Company or its former German subsidiaries to Glencore International AG  which are detailed in Note 30 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2020***Disclaimer : This press release is a non-official translation into English of the press release of the same date issued in French language and is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. This press release should be read in conjunction with and construed in accordance with French law. Disclaimer: This press release may contain forward-looking statements that constitute either trends or objectives and should not be construed as forecasts of results or any other performance indicator. This information is by its nature subject to risks and uncertainties  as described in the Company's Annual Report available on its website (www.recylex.fr). More detailed information on Recylex can be found on its website (www.recylex.eu).***Raw materials from urban minesThe Recylex Group is a European specialist in the recycling of lead  zinc and polypropylene.For more information about the Recylex Group: www.recylex.eu***Press & Investor contact: T +33 (0)158 47 29 91 | E info@recylex.euRecylex S.A. | Registered office: 6 place de la Madeleine | 75008 Paris | FranceAdministrative office: 79 rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau | 92158 Suresnes Cedex | FranceAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['judicial liquidation proceedings', 'Recylex S.A.', 'Opening', 'Maître Charles-Axel Chuine', 'Frédéric Abitbol', 'Maître Patrick Canet', 'former German subsidiaries', 'Glencore International AG', 'other performance indicator', '79 rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau', 'Recytech S.A.', 'total disposal price', 'Paris Commercial Court', 'second rank pledges', 'Recylex S.A.', 'The Recylex Group', 'More detailed information', 'Rhône) sites', 'holding company activity', 'partial disposal plan', 'pack sale"" process', 'judicial liquidation proceedings', 'polypropylene recycling activities', 'SCP Abitbol', 'SCP Canet', 'Associés', 'Euronext Paris', 'Recylex SA', 'Villefranche-sur-Saône', 'several pledges', 'judicial administrators', 'judicial liquidators', 'partial sale', 'C2P SAS', 'resulting deeds', 'significant financial', 'legal solution', 'recovery plan', 'SELARL 2M', 'Carole Martinez', 'SELAFA MJA', 'two years', 'next hearing', 'financial commitments', 'financial statements', 'official translation', 'same date', 'French language', 'English-speaking users', 'French law', 'forward-looking statements', 'Annual Report', 'recylex.eu', 'Raw materials', 'urban mines', 'European specialist', 'Investor contact', 'Registered office', 'la Madeleine', 'Administrative office', '92158 Suresnes Cedex', 'reorganization proceedings', 'press release', 'observation period', 'French English', 'Campine NV', 'environmental liabilities', 'France Attachment', 'Belgian company', 'conversion judgment', 'RX', 'November', 'May', 'decision', 'July', 'reminder', 'lead', 'Escaudoeuvres', 'Nord', 'jobs', 'interest', 'assets', 'scope', 'business', 'management', '50% stake', 'order', 'debt', 'continuation', 'expiry', 'case', 'revenues', 'income', 'dividends', 'matter', 'purpose', 'mission', 'Rousselet', 'person', 'parties', 'April', 'June', 'first', 'Note', 'December', 'Disclaimer', 'convenience', 'conjunction', 'accordance', 'trends', 'objectives', 'forecasts', 'results', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'website', 'zinc', '6 place']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13015,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-the-morgan-stanley-european-technology-media--telecom-conference-2022-301674653.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference 2022,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its EVP  CFO and President of Operations  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technol…,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its EVP  CFO and President of Operations  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference on Wednesday  November 16  2022 at 14:00pm CET.To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.UMGAbout Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – communicationsnl@umusic.comInvestorsErika Begun – investorrelations@umusic.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'Telecom Conference', 'Media', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'commercially successful music', 'music publishing', 'Boyd Muir', 'answer session', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'EVP', 'CFO', 'President', 'Operations', 'question', 'Media', 'Telecom', 'Conference', 'Wednesday', 'November', '14:00pm', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'communicationsnl', 'umusic', 'investorrelations', 'Logo']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.co.uk
13016,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/celyad-oncology-announces-third-quarter-060100808.html,Celyad Oncology Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Recent Business Highlights,Company continues to transition business focus to monetizing unique cell therapy intellectual property and prioritizing R&D discoveryClinical updates...,Celyad Oncology SACompany continues to transition business focus to monetizing unique cell therapy intellectual property and prioritizing R&D discoveryClinical updates expected by end of year for the Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial for lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate  CYAD-211  for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM)MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer  today provided an update on its financial results and recent business developments for the fiscal quarter ended September 30  2022.“This past quarter has been a pivotal moment for the Company as we focus on a new Celyad 2.0 strategy as we seek to monetize our valuable IP estate and leverage our dynamic shRNA technology for our R&D programs. We’ve bolstered our cash runway with an asset purchase agreement for our manufacturing business unit and we believe we are well-positioned to unleash the power of our IP estate and potentially redefine the cell therapy space ” said Michel Lussier  interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company.Recent HighlightsThe Company entered into a €6 million asset purchase agreement with Cellistic whereby Cellistic acquired Celyad Oncology’s Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facilityBased on a strategic  financial and medical review  taking into account the costs associated with the pursuit of the program and the delays to reach key medical milestones following the resolution of the previously announced clinical hold  the Company has decided to discontinue the development of CYAD-101Update on Business Model and Research ProgramsAs previously announced  with Celyad 2.0  Celyad Oncology is implementing a strategic shift from an organization focused on clinical development to one prioritizing R&D discovery and the monetization of its IP estate through partnerships  collaborations and license agreements. The Company intends to focus its R&D efforts on areas of expertise where it believes it can leverage the differentiated nature of its platform technology and continue to bolster its IP estate.Story continuesThe Company possesses key technology and controls IP which covers the potential development of next-generation therapies  including those using short hairpin RNA (shRNA) and T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule (TIM). Celyad Oncology has expanded the IP estate in-licensed from Dartmouth College with additional patents to broadly cover aspects of allogeneic cell therapy. Current discovery programs have the potential to create additional independent IP. The Company is developing a potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate and a technology to potentially utilize this receptor as a basis for dual CAR technology. The Company is also considering the potential to focus R&D efforts on either B7-H6 CAR T or bispecific antibody candidates for a powerful new antigenic target in the oncology field.In addition  the Company is seeking to advance its shRNA platform through multiplexing technology that allows it to modulate multiple genes simultaneously. This technology is potentially complementary to the Company’s All-in-One Vector approach  which allows for the expression of multiple shRNAs in a single construct within a single transduction step. Combining multiplexed shRNAs with CARs and additional genes of choice provides potential for broad therapeutic functionality.Update on Clinical ProgramsCYAD-211 – Allogeneic shRNA-based  anti-BCMA CAR T candidate for r/r MMThe dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial is evaluating the tolerability and clinical activity of a single infusion of CYAD-211 following preconditioning with CyFlu (cyclophosphamide and fludarabine) in patients with relapsed / refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM). CYAD-211 was developed to demonstrate potential proof of concept of shRNA technology in the clinic. Our other clinical studies of shRNA disclosed to date have demonstrated encouraging safety and bioactivity signals  and its use as a technology to avoid Graft-versus-Host disease of allogeneic CAR Ts could be a viable approach Clinical updates are expected by year endThird Quarter 2022 Financial ReviewAs of September 30  2022  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €13.4 million ($13.1 million). Net cash burn during the first quarter of 2022 amounted to €1.0 million ($1.0 million)  in line with expectations. The Company confirms its previous guidance that its existing cash and cash equivalents should be sufficient to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements up to mid-2023. This guidance does not include any potential proceeds from the equity purchase agreement established with Lincoln Park Capital Fund  LLC.After due consideration of detailed budgets and estimated cash flow forecasts for the years 2022 and 2023 which reflect the current strategy of the Company and include expenses and cash outflows estimations in relation to the development of discretionary research programs and pipeline of products candidates  the Company continues to project that its existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to fund its estimated operating and capital expenditures over at least the next 12 months from the date that the release is issued.About Celyad Oncology SACelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the research and discovery of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Forward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated costs  cost savings and timing  statements concerning CYAD-211  including its therapeutic potential and the timing of clinical data  and statements concerning the financial position and cash burn of the Company  including the financial guidance concerning the sufficiency of cash to fund operations into mid-2023. The words “will ” “expect ” “believe ” “potential ” “continue ” “target”  “intend”  “could”  “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; risks related to the Company’s ability to execute on its plans regarding its clinical programs; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Investor and Media Contact:Celyad Oncologyinvestors@celyad.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.34,0.03,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Recent Business Highlights', 'Celyad Oncology', 'potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate', 'lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate', 'Allogeneic shRNA-based, anti-BCMA CAR T candidate', 'GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'chimeric antigen receptor T cell', 'T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule', 'unique cell therapy intellectual property', 'Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'interim Chief Executive Officer', 'dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'powerful new antigenic target', 'Lincoln Park Capital Fund', '€6 million asset purchase agreement', 'allogeneic cell therapy', 'B7-H6 CAR T', 'CAR T) therapies', 'allogeneic CAR Ts', 'Third Quarter 2022 Financial Review', 'cell therapy space', 'Good Manufacturing Practice', 'Celyad Oncology SA Company', 'equity purchase agreement', 'dual CAR technology', 'manufacturing business unit', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'R&D efforts', 'short hairpin RNA', 'bispecific antibody candidates', 'broad therapeutic functionality', 'R&D discovery', 'R&D programs', 'new Celyad 2.0 strategy', 'single transduction step', 'other clinical studies', 'Net cash burn', 'cash flow forecasts', 'recent business developments', 'key medical milestones', 'next-generation therapies', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'Current discovery programs', 'One Vector approach', 'additional independent IP', 'valuable IP estate', 'dynamic shRNA technology', 'medical review', 'current strategy', 'financial results', 'strategic, financial', 'Clinical Programs', 'potential proof', 'potential proceeds', 'business focus', 'fiscal quarter', 'past quarter', 'Recent Highlights', 'Business Model', 'Research Programs', 'oncology field', 'viable approach', 'first quarter', 'key technology', 'additional patents', 'single construct', 'additional genes', 'single infusion', 'multiple genes', 'multiple shRNAs', 'Clinical updates', 'cash runway', 'clinical hold', 'clinical activity', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'potential development', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'pivotal moment', 'Michel Lussier', 'strategic shift', 'license agreements', 'differentiated nature', 'Dartmouth College', 'multiplexed shRNAs', 'encouraging safety', 'bioactivity signals', 'Graft-versus-Host disease', 'due consideration', 'detailed budgets', 'platform technology', 'multiplexing technology', 'shRNA platform', 'clinical development', 'biotechnology company', 'previous guidance', 'operating expenses', 'The Company', 'year end', 'CYAD', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'cancer', 'Cellistic', 'account', 'costs', 'pursuit', 'delays', 'resolution', 'organization', 'monetization', 'partnerships', 'collaborations', 'areas', 'expertise', 'Story', 'TIM', 'aspects', 'basis', 'expression', 'CARs', 'choice', 'tolerability', 'preconditioning', 'CyFlu', 'cyclophosphamide', 'fludarabine', 'patients', 'concept', 'use', 'September', 'line', 'expectations', 'years']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13017,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/acceleration-revenue-growth-q3-2022-170000157.html,Acceleration of revenue growth in Q3 2022,PRESS RELEASE Loudéac  10 November 2022 Acceleration of revenue growth in Q3 2022 Resilience of the model demonstrated in a demanding environment Q3 2022...,"PRESS RELEASELoudéac  10 November 2022Acceleration of revenue growth in Q3 2022Resilience of the model demonstrated in a demanding environmentQ3 2022 revenue: €33.9m  up 20% (+13% organic)Revenue at 30 September 2022: €95.4m  up 19% (+9% organic)All business segments showed double-digit growth in Q3 2022WINFARM (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF)  the number one French distance seller for the farming industry  today reported its revenue for Q3 2022 and for the first nine months of 2022.Q3 9M in €m  unaudited 2021 2022 Chg. Chg. organic1 2021 2022 Chg. Chg. organic1 Farming supplies 25.1 29.8 +19% +11% 71.6 85.0 +19% +8% Farming nutrition 2.7 3.5 +29% +29% 7.5 9.0 +20% +20% Other2 0.4 0.6 +30% +29% 1.2 1.4 +15% +9% TOTAL 28.3 33.9 +20% +13% 80.3 95.4 +19% +9%Patrice Etienne  Chairman-Chief Executive Officer and founder of WINFARM  said: ""Our results are on track again in the third quarter. The quality of the solutions we provide to farmers is a key asset underpinning the resilience of our model. Our food supplement products for livestock in particular helped farmers to deal with the drought during the summer  which reduced the amount of fodder available. Today  the breadth of our ranges and their availability in a context where most other players have been faced with shortages are key factors in structuring a lasting relationship with our customers.”At 30 September 2022  consolidated revenue rose by 19% to €95.4m  representing organic growth of 9% excluding the integration of the Kabelis companies acquired in July 2022. This level of activity at 30 September 2022 represents 88% of the revenue generated in full-year 2021  confirming positive sales momentum in the third quarter  after a successful first half of the year.Consolidated Q3 2022 revenue came to €33.9m  up 20% versus Q3 2021. In organic terms  revenue grew by a strong 13%. WINFARM benefited over the quarter from strong momentum across the board  with all of its businesses recording double-digit growth over the period.Story continuesThe Farming Supplies business (88% of revenue for the quarter)  whose products are marketed under the Vital Concept brand  made revenue of €29.8m  up 19% compared with Q3 2021 (+11% organic). This performance is all the more remarkable given the demanding environment caused by persistent inflation in raw material prices  even if it has eased in recent months. In order to minimise the impact on its business  WINFARM anticipated this price pressure at an early stage by building stocks in certain items and successfully passing on purchase price increases over the months without losing customers.The Farming Nutrition business (10% of revenue for the quarter)  whose products are marketed under the Alphatech brand  made revenue of €3.5m  representing sharp organic growth of 29%. The performance of export solutions continued to drive the Group's results.ACQUISITION OF KABELIS IN FRANCEDuring Q3  WINFARM announced the acquisition of the KABELIS companies specialised in landscaping and green space development  creating a French champion on this market and the largest player in the Grand Ouest region.Founded in 2007  KABELIS specialised in fertilisers  seeds  services for local authorities  horticulture  golf courses  sports grounds  etc. and became the leading French player in landscaping and green space development.This second acquisition since the IPO  after that of BTN de Haas in the Netherlands in 2021  sees WINFARM forge ahead with the implementation of the roadmap it announced during its IPO at the end of 2020  combining organic growth and acquisitions to become a key player in the upstream agriculture sector in Europe.CONTINUED GROWTH EXPECTED IN Q4 2022Having demonstrated its ability to continue generating strong business growth during the first nine months of the year  despite a demanding environment  by offering customers solutions that contribute to operational performance and competitiveness  WINFARM is confident that it will continue to grow in Q4 2022.In the longer term  the Group reiterates its revenue target for 2025 of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of around 6.5%. It expects to achieve half of this acceleration in growth through organic growth and half through external growth.About WINFARMFounded in Loudéac  in the heart of Brittany  in the early 1990s  WINFARM is now the French leader in distance selling for the agricultural world. WINFARM offers farmers and breeders comprehensive  unique and integrated solutions to help them meet the new technological  economic  environmental and social challenges of the next generation of agriculture. With a vast catalogue of more than 15 500 product references (seeds  phytosanitary  harvesting products  etc.)  two-thirds of which are own brands  WINFARM has more than 44 500 customers in France and Belgium.WINFARM generated revenue in 2021 of €108m. By 2025  WINFARM aims to achieve revenue of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of about 6.5%.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company: www.winfarm-group.comContacts:WINFARM investisseurs@winfarm-group.com ACTIFIN  financial communications Benjamin LEHARI+33 (0)1 56 88 11 11winfarm@actifin.fr ACTIFIN  financial press relations Jennifer JULLIA +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19 jjullia@actifin.fr1 Like-for-like basis: excluding the consolidation of Kabelis group companies in 2022 revenue2 Revenue from farming advisory services (under the Agritech brand) and experimental farm activities (under the Bel Orient brand)Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,True,English,"['revenue growth', 'Acceleration', 'Q3', 'number one French distance seller', 'new technological, economic, environmental', 'The Farming Supplies business', 'Chg. organic1 Farming supplies', 'The Farming Nutrition business', 'Chairman-Chief Executive Officer', 'most other players', 'raw material prices', 'green space development', 'Grand Ouest region', 'BTN de Haas', 'positive sales momentum', 'Vital Concept brand', 'purchase price increases', 'leading French player', 'first nine months', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'successful first half', 'upstream agriculture sector', 'food supplement products', 'strong business growth', 'sharp organic growth', 'Consolidated Q3 2022 revenue', 'farming industry', 'strong momentum', 'French champion', 'French leader', 'business segments', 'price pressure', 'Alphatech brand', 'largest player', 'key player', 'recent months', 'organic terms', 'double-digit growth', 'CONTINUED GROWTH', 'external growth', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Loudéac', 'demanding environment', 'Patrice Etienne', 'key asset', 'key factors', 'lasting relationship', 'persistent inflation', 'early stage', 'local authorities', 'golf courses', 'sports grounds', 'longer term', 'EBITDA margin', 'early 1990s', 'agricultural world', 'comprehensive, unique', 'social challenges', 'next generation', 'vast catalogue', '15,500 product references', 'PEA PM', 'harvesting products', 'revenue growth', 'Kabelis companies', 'export solutions', 'integrated solutions', 'third quarter', 'second acquisition', 'operational performance', 'revenue target', '10 November', 'Acceleration', 'Resilience', 'model', '30 September', 'WINFARM', 'ticker', 'ALWF', 'TOTAL', 'founder', 'results', 'track', 'quality', 'farmers', 'livestock', 'drought', 'summer', 'amount', 'fodder', 'breadth', 'ranges', 'availability', 'context', 'shortages', 'customers', 'integration', 'July', 'level', 'activity', 'full-year', 'board', 'businesses', 'period', 'Story', 'order', 'impact', 'stocks', 'items', 'Group', 'FRANCE', 'landscaping', 'market', 'fertilisers', 'seeds', 'services', 'horticulture', 'IPO', 'Netherlands', 'implementation', 'roadmap', 'end', 'acquisitions', 'Europe', 'Q4', 'competitiveness', 'heart', 'Brittany', 'breeders', 'phytosanitary', 'two-thirds', 'brands', 'Belgium', 'company', '€']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13018,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552669/0/en/Celyad-Oncology-Announces-Third-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results-and-Recent-Business-Highlights.html,Celyad Oncology Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Recent Business Highlights,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer  tod…,Company continues to transition business focus to monetizing unique cell therapy intellectual property and prioritizing R&D discoveryClinical updates expected by end of year for the Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial for lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate  CYAD-211  for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM)MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer  today provided an update on its financial results and recent business developments for the fiscal quarter ended September 30  2022.“This past quarter has been a pivotal moment for the Company as we focus on a new Celyad 2.0 strategy as we seek to monetize our valuable IP estate and leverage our dynamic shRNA technology for our R&D programs. We’ve bolstered our cash runway with an asset purchase agreement for our manufacturing business unit and we believe we are well-positioned to unleash the power of our IP estate and potentially redefine the cell therapy space ” said Michel Lussier  interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company.Recent HighlightsThe Company entered into a €6 million asset purchase agreement with Cellistic whereby Cellistic acquired Celyad Oncology’s Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facilityBased on a strategic  financial and medical review  taking into account the costs associated with the pursuit of the program and the delays to reach key medical milestones following the resolution of the previously announced clinical hold  the Company has decided to discontinue the development of CYAD-101Update on Business Model and Research ProgramsAs previously announced  with Celyad 2.0  Celyad Oncology is implementing a strategic shift from an organization focused on clinical development to one prioritizing R&D discovery and the monetization of its IP estate through partnerships  collaborations and license agreements. The Company intends to focus its R&D efforts on areas of expertise where it believes it can leverage the differentiated nature of its platform technology and continue to bolster its IP estate.The Company possesses key technology and controls IP which covers the potential development of next-generation therapies  including those using short hairpin RNA (shRNA) and T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule (TIM). Celyad Oncology has expanded the IP estate in-licensed from Dartmouth College with additional patents to broadly cover aspects of allogeneic cell therapy. Current discovery programs have the potential to create additional independent IP. The Company is developing a potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate and a technology to potentially utilize this receptor as a basis for dual CAR technology. The Company is also considering the potential to focus R&D efforts on either B7-H6 CAR T or bispecific antibody candidates for a powerful new antigenic target in the oncology field.In addition  the Company is seeking to advance its shRNA platform through multiplexing technology that allows it to modulate multiple genes simultaneously. This technology is potentially complementary to the Company’s All-in-One Vector approach  which allows for the expression of multiple shRNAs in a single construct within a single transduction step. Combining multiplexed shRNAs with CARs and additional genes of choice provides potential for broad therapeutic functionality.Update on Clinical ProgramsCYAD-211 – Allogeneic shRNA-based  anti-BCMA CAR T candidate for r/r MMThe dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial is evaluating the tolerability and clinical activity of a single infusion of CYAD-211 following preconditioning with CyFlu (cyclophosphamide and fludarabine) in patients with relapsed / refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM). CYAD-211 was developed to demonstrate potential proof of concept of shRNA technology in the clinic. Our other clinical studies of shRNA disclosed to date have demonstrated encouraging safety and bioactivity signals  and its use as a technology to avoid Graft-versus-Host disease of allogeneic CAR Ts could be a viable approach Clinical updates are expected by year endThird Quarter 2022 Financial ReviewAs of September 30  2022  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €13.4 million ($13.1 million). Net cash burn during the first quarter of 2022 amounted to €1.0 million ($1.0 million)  in line with expectations. The Company confirms its previous guidance that its existing cash and cash equivalents should be sufficient to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements up to mid-2023. This guidance does not include any potential proceeds from the equity purchase agreement established with Lincoln Park Capital Fund  LLC.After due consideration of detailed budgets and estimated cash flow forecasts for the years 2022 and 2023 which reflect the current strategy of the Company and include expenses and cash outflows estimations in relation to the development of discretionary research programs and pipeline of products candidates  the Company continues to project that its existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to fund its estimated operating and capital expenditures over at least the next 12 months from the date that the release is issued.About Celyad Oncology SACelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the research and discovery of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Forward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated costs  cost savings and timing  statements concerning CYAD-211  including its therapeutic potential and the timing of clinical data  and statements concerning the financial position and cash burn of the Company  including the financial guidance concerning the sufficiency of cash to fund operations into mid-2023. The words “will ” “expect ” “believe ” “potential ” “continue ” “target”  “intend”  “could”  “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; risks related to the Company’s ability to execute on its plans regarding its clinical programs; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Investor and Media Contact:Celyad Oncologyinvestors@celyad.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Recent Business Highlights', 'Celyad Oncology', 'potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate', 'lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate', 'Allogeneic shRNA-based, anti-BCMA CAR T candidate', 'GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'chimeric antigen receptor T cell', 'T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule', 'unique cell therapy intellectual property', 'Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'interim Chief Executive Officer', 'dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'powerful new antigenic target', 'Lincoln Park Capital Fund', '€6 million asset purchase agreement', 'allogeneic cell therapy', 'B7-H6 CAR T', 'CAR T) therapies', 'allogeneic CAR Ts', 'Third Quarter 2022 Financial Review', 'cell therapy space', 'Good Manufacturing Practice', 'equity purchase agreement', 'dual CAR technology', 'manufacturing business unit', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'R&D efforts', 'short hairpin RNA', 'bispecific antibody candidates', 'broad therapeutic functionality', 'R&D discovery', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'R&D programs', 'single transduction step', 'Net cash burn', 'cash flow forecasts', 'cash outflows estimations', 'new Celyad 2.0 strategy', 'other clinical studies', 'recent business developments', 'key medical milestones', 'next-generation therapies', 'Current discovery programs', 'One Vector approach', 'additional independent IP', 'Celyad Oncology SA', 'valuable IP estate', 'dynamic shRNA technology', 'medical review', 'current strategy', 'financial results', 'strategic, financial', 'Clinical Programs', 'potential proof', 'potential proceeds', 'business focus', 'fiscal quarter', 'past quarter', 'Recent Highlights', 'Business Model', 'Research Programs', 'multiple genes', 'multiple shRNAs', 'viable approach', 'first quarter', 'key technology', 'additional patents', 'single construct', 'additional genes', 'single infusion', 'cash runway', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'oncology field', 'Clinical updates', 'clinical hold', 'clinical activity', 'potential development', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'pivotal moment', 'Michel Lussier', 'strategic shift', 'license agreements', 'differentiated nature', 'Dartmouth College', 'multiplexed shRNAs', 'encouraging safety', 'bioactivity signals', 'Graft-versus-Host disease', 'due consideration', 'detailed budgets', 'platform technology', 'multiplexing technology', 'shRNA platform', 'clinical development', 'previous guidance', 'operating expenses', 'biotechnology company', 'The Company', 'year end', 'CYAD', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'cancer', 'Cellistic', 'account', 'costs', 'pursuit', 'delays', 'resolution', 'organization', 'monetization', 'partnerships', 'collaborations', 'areas', 'expertise', 'aspects', 'basis', 'expression', 'CARs', 'choice', 'tolerability', 'preconditioning', 'CyFlu', 'cyclophosphamide', 'fludarabine', 'patients', 'concept', 'use', 'September', 'line', 'expectations', 'years', 'rela']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13019,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552723/0/en/Cellectis-Publishes-Manuscript-in-Frontiers-Bioengineering-and-Biotechnology-Unveiling-Efficient-Multitool-Multiplex-Gene-Engineering-combining-TALEN-and-TALE-Base-Editors-TALE-BE.html,Cellectis Publishes Manuscript in Frontiers Bioengineering and Biotechnology Unveiling Efficient Multitool/Multiplex Gene Engineering combining TALEN® and TALE Base Editors (TALE-BE),NEW YORK  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today published a…,NEW YORK  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today published a manuscript in Frontiers Bioengineering and Biotechnology demonstrating the feasibility of efficient multiplex gene engineering using a combination of two different molecular tools: Cellectis’ TALEN® gene editing technology (TALE nuclease) and a TALE-BE (TALE Base editor).TALE base editors are a recent and very important addition to the gene editing landscape. This approach does not create DNA double strand breaks as does CRISPR/Cas9  or other engineered nucleases  and is a promising therapeutic strategy for genetic diseases. A key aspect to broaden the scope of possible applications is our comprehension of design rules.Cellectis used a screening approach to gain in-depth insights into the editing rules driving TALE-BE activity and applied this knowledge to design highly efficient TALE-BE compatible with potential therapeutic application. Moreover  TALE-BE show insignificant levels of by-products such as indels.Cellectis scientists combined two molecular tools  a TALEN® and a TALE-BE  to perform a double gene Knock Out (KO) of TRAC and CD52  a combination of target genes used for allogeneic CAR T-cell adoptive therapies. This combination of molecular tools paves the way to simultaneous multiplex gene engineering with more controllable outcomes.“A multiplex/multitool strategy presents several advantages: firstly  it prevents the creation of translocations often observed with the simultaneous use of several nucleases. Secondly  it allows for the possibility of going beyond multiple knock-outs while still allowing gene knock-in at the nuclease target site  altogether extending the scope of possible application ” said Alex Juillerat  Ph.D.  Vice President Gene Editing & New York Lab Head at Cellectis. “The precise positional rules we have determined for TALE-BE will allow Cellectis to unleash the full potential of these technologies for future applications.”Research data showed that:Employing a medium/high throughput strategy  Cellectis gained in-depth insight of the editing rules in cellulo  while excluding confounding factors.Designed TALE-BE targeting CD52 achieved very high frequency of gene knock-out (up to 80% of phenotypic CD52 knock out).When TALE-BE was combined with a TALEN® targeting the TRAC locus  very high frequency of double gene knock-out (up to 75% of phenotypic double gene knock-out) was achieved without the creation of translocations between the two targeted loci.This article is available on Frontiers in Bioengineering and Biotechnology website by clicking on this link.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).For more information  visit www.cellectis.com. Follow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comMargaret Gandolfo  Senior Manager  Communications  +1 (646) 628 0300Investor Relation contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “may” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about the potential of our innovation programs. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2021 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.11,0.68,True,English,"['Biotechnology Unveiling Efficient Multitool/Multiplex Gene Engineering', 'TALE Base Editors', 'Frontiers Bioengineering', 'Cellectis', 'Manuscript', 'BE', '®', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell adoptive therapies', 'DNA double strand breaks', 'efficient multiplex gene engineering', 'simultaneous multiplex gene engineering', 'two different molecular tools', 'New York Lab Head', 'applicable securities laws', 'two molecular tools', 'two targeted loci', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'life-changing product candidates', 'unmet medical needs', 'Investor Relation contact', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'TALE Base editor', 'medium/high throughput strategy', 'double gene knock', 'other engineered nucleases', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'promising therapeutic strategy', 'precise positional rules', 'phenotypic double gene', 'nuclease target site', 'Nasdaq Global Market', '® gene editing technology', 'gene editing landscape', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'potential therapeutic application', 'gene therapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'therapeutic gene', 'allogeneic approach', 'TALE nuclease', 'simultaneous use', 'editing rules', 'multiplex/multitool strategy', 'gene knock-out', 'target genes', 'several nucleases', 'possible application', 'immune system', 'efficient TALE-BE', 'design rules', 'Biotechnology website', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'important addition', 'key aspect', 'depth insights', 'insignificant levels', 'controllable outcomes', 'several advantages', 'multiple knock-outs', 'Alex Juillerat', 'Ph.D.', 'Vice President', 'full potential', 'future applications', 'Research data', 'confounding factors', 'high frequency', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'cancer patients', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'Media contacts', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Margaret Gandolfo', 'Senior Manager', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'innovation programs', 'numerous risks', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'phenotypic CD52', 'genetic diseases', 'screening approach', 'various diseases', 'TRAC locus', 'TALE-BE activity', 'Cellectis scientists', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'Frontiers Bioengineering', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'manuscript', 'feasibility', 'combination', 'recent', 'CRISPR/Cas9', 'scope', 'comprehension', 'knowledge', 'by', 'products', 'indels', 'KO', 'way', 'creation', 'translocations', 'possibility', 'technologies', 'cellulo', 'article', 'link', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', '22 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'Raleigh', 'information', 'YouTube', 'Director', 'Communications', 'investors', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'plan', 'management', 'assumptions', 'light', '7']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13020,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-the-morgan-stanley-european-technology-media--telecom-conference-2022-301674651.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference 2022,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its EVP  CFO and President of Operations  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technol…,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its EVP  CFO and President of Operations  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference on Wednesday  November 16  2022 at 14:00pm CET.To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'Telecom Conference', 'Media', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'commercially successful music', 'music publishing', 'Boyd Muir', 'answer session', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'EVP', 'CFO', 'President', 'Operations', 'question', 'Media', 'Telecom', 'Conference', 'Wednesday', 'November', '14:00pm', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13021,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-the-morgan-stanley-european-technology-media--telecom-conference-2022-301674653.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference 2022,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its EVP  CFO and President of Operations  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technol…,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its EVP  CFO and President of Operations  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference on Wednesday  November 16  2022 at 14:00pm CET.To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.UMGAbout Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'Telecom Conference', 'Media', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'commercially successful music', 'music publishing', 'Boyd Muir', 'answer session', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'EVP', 'CFO', 'President', 'Operations', 'question', 'Media', 'Telecom', 'Conference', 'Wednesday', 'November', '14:00pm', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'Logo']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13022,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553562/0/en/AKWEL-TURNOVER-INCREASES-5-7-IN-THE-FIRST-NINE-MONTHS-OF-2022.html,AKWEL: TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022,Thursday 10 November 2022  TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022  AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive...,French EnglishThursday 10 November 2022TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €739.2m over the first nine months of 2022  up by +5.7% compared to the same period in 2021.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 30 September 2022)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% Total for 9 months 739.2 699.1 +5.7% +10.2%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.PERFORMANCE UP IN Q3 2022In the third quarter of 2022  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €251.1m  up by +18.7% on the previous year when comparing published figures and by +22.3% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants. The negative currency impact over the period was less significant than in the first half of the financial year  at -€7.7m  including -€20.3m on the Turkish lira. In a still difficult market context  the group has confirmed the gradual recovery in its activity  but it is still down -3.3% compared to the third quarter of 2019  before the health crisis.In the first nine months of the financial year  AKWEL’s turnover increased by +10.2% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.ANALYSIS OF THE BREAKDOWN OF REVENUEThe geographical breakdown of revenue at 30 September by production zone was as follows:France: €201.8m (+5.0%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €201.6m (-0.6%)North America: €224.8m (+28.7%)Asia and the Middle East (including Turkey): €106.7m (+9.0%)South America: €4.3m (-20.4%)Over the first nine months  turnover from Products and Functions increased by 6.2% to €714.4m  and all product lines reported growth  with performance particularly driven by Cooling (+13.4%)  Washing (+8.5%) and Air (+6.9%). Turnover for Tooling meanwhile was €15.4m over the period.NET CASH POSITION OF €112.6mFree cash-flow generation was €6.6m in the third quarter  giving the group €112.6m in net cash (excluding debt on rental obligations)  an increase of €14.3m over the first nine months of the financial year.ANNUAL OUTLOOKBased on the performance recorded in the third quarter  AKWEL confirms its expectation of moderate growth in turnover for the whole of the 2022 financial year. Regarding profitability  the ongoing supply difficulties and inflation recorded across all operating costs  which is difficult to pass on in the short term  will  as announced  lead to a significant fall in the group’s annual current operating income.Next press release: 2022 annual revenue  9 February 2023  after the markets close.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPContactsAKWELGrégory Voisin – Financial VP – Tel.: +33 4 50 56 99 25EKNO – Press RelationsJean-Marc Atlan – jean-marc.atlan@ekno.fr – Tel.: +33 6 07 37 20 44CALYPTUS – Investor RelationsMathieu Calleux – akwel@calyptus.net – Tel.: +33 1 53 65 68 68Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'AKWEL', 'TURNOVER', 'THE', '2022', 'annual current operating income', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'negative currency impact', 'difficult market context', 'Free cash-flow generation', 'ongoing supply difficulties', 'Grégory Voisin', 'FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'Next press release', 'independent, family-owned group', 'operating costs', 'first half', 'exchange rates', 'ANNUAL OUTLOOK', 'Press Relations', 'French English', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'previous year', 'financial year', 'Turkish lira', 'gradual recovery', 'health crisis', 'production zone', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'product lines', 'CASH POSITION', 'net cash', 'rental obligations', 'short term', 'significant fall', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'Financial VP', 'Jean-Marc Atlan', 'Investor Relations', 'Mathieu Calleux', '2022 annual revenue', 'geographical breakdown', 'moderate growth', 'ekno.fr', 'same period', 'AKW.PA', 'Consolidated turnover', 'fluid management', 'The Group', '9 months', 'Thursday', 'AKWEL', 'PEA', 'automotive', 'mechanism', 'January', '30 September', 'Variation', 'figures', 'PERFORMANCE', 'Q3', 'scope', 'constants', 'activity', 'ANALYSIS', 'France', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Turkey', 'Products', 'Functions', 'Cooling', 'Washing', 'Air', 'Tooling', 'debt', 'increase', 'expectation', 'profitability', 'inflation', 'markets', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'marc.', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '€', '33 4 50']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13023,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veolia-environnement-launches-cash-tender-111200216.html,Veolia Environnement Launches Cash Tender Offer to Purchase Any and All of its 6.750% Notes due 2038,"Veolia Environnement S.A. (the ""Company"") today announced the commencement of an offer to purchase for cash (the ""Tender Offer"") any and all of its 6.750...","PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia Environnement S.A. (the ""Company"") today announced the commencement of an offer to purchase for cash (the ""Tender Offer"") any and all of its 6.750% Notes due 2038 (the ""2038 Notes""). The 2038 Notes have an aggregate principal amount outstanding of $300 000 000.The purpose of the Tender Offer is to repurchase any and all of the aggregate $300 000 000 outstanding principal amount of 2038 Notes and thereby reduce the Company's outstanding indebtedness and interest expense.The Offer to Purchase dated November 10  2022 (the ""Offer to Purchase "" as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time) sets forth in further detail the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.2038 Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn (i) at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time on November 18  2022  unless extended or earlier terminated by the Company (as may be extended or earlier terminated  the ""Expiration Date"") or (ii) at or prior to 5:00 p.m  New York City time on the second business day after the Expiration Date  unless extended or earlier terminated by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion (the ""Guaranteed Delivery Date"") pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase  and accepted for purchase by the Company will be eligible to receive the purchase price (the ""Purchase Price"").The Purchase Price payable for the 2038 Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of the 2038 Notes calculated in accordance with the terms set forth in the Offer to Purchase  reflecting  as of the settlement date (the ""Settlement Date"") (currently expected to be November 23  2022)  a yield to the maturity date of the 2038 Notes equal to the sum of (i) yield to maturity  corresponding to the bid-side price of the U.S. Treasury reference security (""Reference Security"") specified in the table below and (ii) a fixed spread as set forth in the table below (""Fixed Spread"")  excluding accrued and unpaid interest on such 2038 Notes from the last interest payment date  but not including  the Settlement Date  ""Accrued Interest"")  all as more fully described in the Offer to Purchase.Story continuesTitle ofSecurity CUSIP /ISIN MaturityDate PrincipalAmountOutstanding AmountSubject toOffer U.S. TreasuryReferenceSecurity BloombergReferencePage(1) FixedSpread(basispoints) 6.750%Notes due2038 92334N AC7 /US92334NAC74 June 1 2038 $300 000 000 Any andall UST 3.375%due August 15 2042 (ISIN:US912810TK43) FIT1 145________ (1) The applicable page on Bloomberg from which the Dealer Managers will quote the bid side price of the U.S. Treasury SecurityTendered 2038 Notes may be withdrawn (i) at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 18  2022 (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the ""Withdrawal Date"") or (ii) if the Tender Offer is extended  the 10th business day after the commencement of the Tender Offer. In addition  tendered 2038 Notes may be withdrawn at any time after the 60th business day after the commencement of the Tender Offer if for any reason the Tender Offer has not been consummated by such date.The Purchase Price will be payable in cash. In addition  the Company will also pay Accrued Interest.The Company's obligation to accept for purchase  and to pay the Purchase Price for 2038 Notes validly tendered pursuant to the Tender Offer is subject to  and conditioned upon  the satisfaction or  where applicable  the Company's waiver  of a number of conditions described in the Offer to Purchase. The Company expressly reserves the right  in its sole discretion  subject to applicable law  to terminate the Tender Offer at any time prior to the Expiration Date. The Tender Offer is not contingent upon the tender of any minimum principal amount of 2038 Notes.The Company has retained Citigroup Global Markets Limited and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. to serve as the dealer managers for the Tender Offer (the ""Dealer Managers""). Global Bondholder Services Corporation has been retained to serve as the depositary and information agent (the ""Depositary and Information Agent"").For additional information regarding the terms of the Tender Offer  please contact Citigroup Global Markets Limited at +1 (800) 558-3745 (toll free in the United States)  or +44 20 7986 8969  or by email at liabilitymanagement.europe@citi.com or MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at +1 (212) 405-7481  +1 (877) 744-4532 (toll free in the United States) or +33 1 70 91 42 79.All documents relating to the Tender Offer will be available via the offer website: https://www.gbsc-usa.com/veolia/. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender of 2038 Notes may be directed to Global Bondholder Services Corporation at 855-654-2015 (toll free in the United States).The Offer to Purchase is expected to be distributed to holders of 2038 Notes beginning today. Copies of the Offer to Purchase may also be obtained at no charge from Global Bondholder Services Corporation.None of the Company  the Dealer Managers or the Depositary and Information Agent makes any recommendation as to whether any holder of the 2038 Notes should tender or refrain from tendering all or any portion of the principal amount of the 2038 Notes.This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation to tender any of these 2038 Notes nor is it a solicitation for acceptance of the Tender Offer. The Company is making the Tender Offer only by  and pursuant to the terms of  the Offer to Purchase. The Tender Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders of 2038 Notes be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of 2038 Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws of such jurisdiction. This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase.United Kingdom. This communication and any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended. Accordingly  such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Promotion Order) or persons who are within Article 43(2) of the Financial Promotion Order or to a person who otherwise falls within an exemption set forth in the Financial Promotion Order or to any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order or in circumstances under which section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended  does not apply to the Company.France. The Tender Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in France and neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other document or material relating to the Tender Offer may be distributed to the public in France  except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)  as defined in  and in accordance with  Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and only such qualified investors are eligible to participate in the Tender Offer. Neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other offering material has been or will be submitted for clearance to  or approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Italy. None of the Tender Offer  the Offer to Purchase or any other document or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (""CONSOB"") pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. The Tender Offer is being carried out in Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24  1998  as amended (the ""Financial Services Act"") and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14  1999  as amended. Holders or beneficial owners of the 2038 Notes that are located in Italy can tender 2038 Notes for purchase in the Tender Offer through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of February 15  2018  as amended from time to time  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the 2038 Notes and/or the Tender Offer.Belgium. The Tender Offer does not constitute a public offering within the meaning of Articles 3  §1  1o and 6  §1  of the Belgian Law of April 1  2007 on public takeover bids (loi relative aux offres publiques d'acquisition/wet op de openbare overnamebiedingen) as amended (the ""Belgian Law on Public Takeover Bids""). Neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been submitted to or will be submitted for approval or recognition to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor financiële diensten en markten / Autorité des services et marchés financiers) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to Article 4  1o of the Belgian Law of July 11  2018 on public offering of securities and admission of securities to trading on regulated markets under Article 19 of the Belgian Law on Public Takeover Bids. Accordingly  the Tender Offer may not be advertised and the Tender Offer will not be extended  and neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer (including any memorandum  information circular  brochure or any similar documents) has been or shall be distributed or made available  directly or indirectly  to any person located or resident in Belgium other than ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation  acting on their own account. Insofar as Belgium is concerned  the Offer to Purchase has been issued only for the personal use of the above qualified investors and exclusively for the purpose of the Tender Offer. Accordingly  the information contained in the Offer to Purchase may not be used for any other purpose or disclosed to any other person in Belgium.Important DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. In some cases  these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""assume "" ""believe "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""will "" ""plan "" ""continue "" ""ongoing "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""risk "" ""target "" ""seek "" ""should"" or ""would"" and similar expressions or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology or by discussions of strategies  plans  objectives  targets  goals  future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They include statements regarding our intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  our results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies  our reserves and the industry in which we operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Given these risks and uncertainties  you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.Veolia group aims to be the benchmark company for ecological transformation. In 2022  with nearly 220 000 employees worldwide  the Veolia group designs and provides game-changing solutions that are both useful and practical for water  waste and energy management. Through its three complementary business activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  preserve available resources  and replenish them. In 2021  the Veolia group supplied 79 million people with drinking water and 61 million people with wastewater service  produced nearly 48 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 48 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated revenue of €28.508 billion (USD 33.725 billion) in 2021. www.veolia.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veolia-environnement-launches-cash-tender-offer-to-purchase-any-and-all-of-its-6-750-notes-due-2038--301674225.htmlSOURCE Veolia Environnement S.A.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Cash Tender Offer', 'Veolia Environnement', '6.750% Notes', 'U.S. Treasury Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page', 'U.S. Treasury Security', 'Citigroup Global Markets Limited', 'MUFG Securities Americas Inc.', 'Global Bondholder Services Corporation', 'Veolia Environnement S.A.', 'New York City time', 'last interest payment date', 'aggregate $300,000,000 outstanding principal amount', 'ISIN Maturity Date Principal', 'aggregate principal amount', 'minimum principal amount', 'second business day', '60th business day', 'bid side price', 'Guaranteed Delivery Date', 'applicable page', 'Security CUSIP', 'The Purchase Price', 'The Tender Offer', '$1,000 principal amount', 'Outstanding Amount', 'outstanding indebtedness', '10th business', 'delivery procedures', 'interest expense', 'unpaid interest', 'bid-side price', 'Expiration Date', 'settlement date', 'Withdrawal Date', 'Accrued Interest', 'absolute discretion', 'basis points', 'Dealer Managers', 'applicable law', 'information agent', 'additional information', 'United States', 'offer website', 'sole discretion', 'The Company', 'The 2038 Notes', 'fixed spread', 'Tendered 2038 Notes', '6.750% Notes', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'cash', 'purpose', 'detail', 'terms', 'conditions', 'November', 'accordance', 'yield', 'sum', 'table', 'Story', 'Title', 'FIT1', 'reason', 'obligation', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'number', 'right', 'depositary', 'email', 'liabilitymanagement', 'documents', 'Requests', 'questions', 'holders', 'Copies', 'charge', 'None', '5:00']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13024,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552676/0/en/Third-quarter-2022-financial-information.html,Third quarter 2022 financial information,Press release  Third quarter 2022 financial information  Third quarter consolidated revenues up 1.6% like-for-likeConsolidated revenues of...,English FrenchPress releaseThird quarter 2022 financial informationThird quarter consolidated revenues up 1.6% like-for-likeConsolidated revenues of €7.1m for the first nine months of the year  stable on a like-for-like basisRobust letting activity  with €0.9m of leases signed since the start of the yearParis  10 November 2022: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6)  a real estate company specialising in retail property  today announced its consolidated revenues for the third quarter of 2022  corresponding to gross rental income for the period.Robust letting activityMRM signed 11 new leases or lease renewals during the first nine months of the year  with a reversion rate of -3.7%. In total  these leases represent a total floor area of 4 600 sqm and cumulative annual rents of €0.9 million  equal to 9% of MRM’s gross annualised rental base.As a reminder  MRM signed a lease with fitness chain On Air for the 2 000 sqm medium-sized unit within the Carré Vélizy mixed-used development (Vélizy-Villacoublay) vacated by Office Depot in January 2022. This lease came into effect on 29 April 2022.During the third quarter alone  three leases were signed representing cumulative annual rents of €0.2 million.Change in revenuesMRM’s gross rental income for the third quarter of 2022 totalled €2.44 million  up 1.6% like-for-like1 relative to the third quarter of 2021.Over the first nine months of the year  revenues totalled €7.14 million  stable relative to the first nine months of last year on a like-for-like basis.Thanks to its lettings successes  MRM has benefited since the start of the year from the full effect of the new leases signed in 2021 for the Valentin shopping centre (near Besançon)  Aria Parc (Allonnes) and Sud Canal (Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines)  as well as new leases coming into effect over the period. This positive effect was offset by the impact of the temporary vacancy of the medium-sized unit at the Carré Vélizy shopping centre between January and April 2022  which has been relet to fitness centre On Air (see above). The indexation effect was slightly positive.On a reported basis  taking account of the impact of the disposal of two non-strategic assets in October 2021  third quarter revenues were down 1.7% relative to the third quarter of 2021  while revenues for the first nine months of the year fell 3.2% relative to the same period last year.€m Q32022 Q32021 Change Like-for-like change1 9 months 2022 9 months 2021 Change Like-for-like change1 Total grossrental income 2.44 2.48 -1.7% +1.6% 7.14 7.37 -3.2% +0.1%(unaudited figures)Financial positionMRM’s financial position remains healthy with a solid balance sheet. Following the refinancing of all of its bank debt in December 2021  the next significant repayment is due in December 2028.MRM has a credit facility to contribute to financing new investments in value-enhancement and CSR efforts. Out of the initial €6.4 million  €5.5 million was available as at 30 September 2022.OutlookAs a reminder  on 28 July 2022  MRM signed an agreement to acquire two shopping centres from Altarea for a total of €90.4 million including transfer taxes  with a view to finalize the acquisition by the end of 2022. This planned acquisition would increase the value of MRM’s portfolio by more than 50% and improve its profitability.As regards its current portfolio  MRM remains focused on the following operational priorities:• Analysis and deployment of investment programmes to enhance the value of its assets;• Letting available space;• The rollout of the ESG action plan and the Climate Plan adopted by MRM  paying particular attention to further reducing energy consumption.CalendarA combined general shareholders’ meeting will be held on 16 November 2022 in connection with the announced proposed acquisition and Altarea taking a stake in MRM. The meeting notice was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires on 31 October 2022 and can be found on the Company’s website (Shareholders > General Meetings).About MRMMRM is a listed real estate investment company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 59.9% of share capital. MRM is listed in Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP – Reuters code: MRM.PA). MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008.For more informationMRM5  avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT +33 (0)1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.com Isabelle Laurent  OPRG FinancialM +33 (0)6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frWebsite: www.mrminvest.com1 Like-for-like changes are calculated by deducting rents generated by assets sold in year n from reported revenues in year n-1.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.18,0.09,True,English,"['Third quarter 2022 financial information', 'Carré Vélizy mixed-used development', 'Carré Vélizy shopping centre', 'listed real estate investment company', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'gross annualised rental base', 'real estate company', 'Valentin shopping centre', 'Third quarter 2022 financial information', 'two shopping centres', 'Robust letting activity', 'gross rental income', 'solid balance sheet', 'next significant repayment', 'following operational priorities', '5, avenue Kléber', 'ESG action plan', 'first nine months', 'cumulative annual rents', 'total floor area', 'two non-strategic assets', '2,000 sqm medium-sized unit', 'Euronext code ISIN', 'general shareholders’ meeting', 'third quarter revenues', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'investment programmes', 'fitness centre', 'Financial position', 'Climate Plan', 'General Meetings', 'OPRG Financial', 'Bloomberg code', 'Reuters code', 'Euronext Paris', 'English French', 'Press release', 'retail property', 'reversion rate', 'fitness chain', 'Office Depot', 'lettings successes', 'Besançon', 'Aria Parc', 'Sud Canal', 'temporary vacancy', 'unaudited figures', 'bank debt', 'credit facility', 'new investments', 'CSR efforts', 'transfer taxes', 'available space', 'particular attention', 'energy consumption', 'retail properties', 'several regions', 'majority shareholder', 'SCOR SE', 'share capital', 'Compartment C', 'SIIC status', '11 new leases', 'three leases', 'Paris Cedex', 'full effect', 'positive effect', 'indexation effect', 'Consolidated revenues', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'lease renewals', 'same period', 'planned acquisition', 'current portfolio', 'last year', '9 months', '4,600 sqm', 'basis', 'start', 'November', 'MRM', 'reminder', 'Air', 'January', '29 April', 'Change', 'Allonnes', 'Saint-Quentin', 'Yvelines', 'impact', 'account', 'disposal', 'October', 'Q3', 'refinancing', 'December', 'value-enhancement', 'initial', '30 September', 'Outlook', '28 July', 'agreement', 'Altarea', 'view', 'end', 'profitability', 'Analysis', 'deployment', 'rollout', 'connection', 'proposed', 'stake', 'notice', 'Bulletin', 'website', 'France', 'FP', 'relation_finances', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment', '€']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13025,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553669/0/en/CREDIT-AGRICOLE-SA-Cr%C3%A9dit-Agricole-S-A-launches-a-Share-Repurchase-Program-for-up-to-16-658-366-ordinary-shares-of-the-Company.html,CREDIT AGRICOLE SA: Crédit Agricole S.A. launches a Share Repurchase Program for up to 16 658 366 ordinary shares of the Company,Montrouge  November 10th  2022  Crédit Agricole S.A. launches a Share Repurchase Programfor up to 16 658 366 ordinary shares of the Company  Crédit......,French EnglishMontrouge  November 10th  2022Crédit Agricole S.A. launches a Share Repurchase Programfor up to 16 658 366 ordinary shares of the CompanyCrédit Agricole S.A.  having received all necessary supervisory approvals  announces today that it will start a share repurchase program of up to 16 658 366 of Crédit Agricole S.A.’s ordinary shares. The program shall start on 11 November 2022 and end no later than 7 December 2022. Shares purchased under the Program will be cancelled.This transaction aims to offset the dilutive effect of the 2022 capital increase reserved for employees.Crédit Agricole S.A. has given an irrevocable instruction to an independent investment services provider (the “Investment Services Provider”) in relation to the purchase by the Investment Services Provider  during the period commencing on 11 November 2022 and ending no later than 7 December 2022  of ordinary shares in the share capital of Crédit Agricole S.A. (the “Shares”) up to 16 658 366 Shares.Any purchase of Shares done in relation to this announcement will be carried out on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and Multilateral Trading Facilities where the Shares are admitted to trading or traded and executed in accordance with the price and volume conditions set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilisation measures  and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s general authority to make market purchases of Shares pursuant to the 23rd resolution adopted by the General Meeting of Crédit Agricole S.A. on 24 May 2022. Crédit Agricole S.A. will announce any market repurchase of Shares accordingly.The existing liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux will be temporarily suspended during the execution of the share repurchase program.The description of the share repurchase program  set out in Section 1 (page 39) of Crédit Agricole S.A.’s Universal Registration Document filed and registered with the Autorité des marchés financiers on 24 March 2022 under number D.22-0142  as well as the text of the 23rd resolution adopted by the General Meeting of Crédit Agricole S.A. on 24 May 2022  are available on Crédit Agricole S.A.’s website:This announcement does not constitute  or form part of  an offer or any solicitation of an offer for securities in any jurisdiction.CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. PRESS CONTACTAlexandre Barat : 01 57 72 12 19 – alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain : 01 43 23 25 41 – olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frFind our press release on: www.credit-agricole.com - www.creditagricole.infoAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.48,0.52,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'Share Repurchase Program', '16,658,366 ordinary shares', 'Company', 'CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. PRESS CONTACT', 'des marchés financiers', 'independent investment services provider', 'necessary supervisory approvals', 'Multilateral Trading Facilities', 'regulatory technical standards', 'existing liquidity agreement', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Share Repurchase Program', 'press release', 'share capital', 'market repurchase', 'French English', 'dilutive effect', '2022 capital increase', 'irrevocable instruction', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'European Parliament', 'buyback programs', 'stabilisation measures', 'general authority', 'market purchases', '23rd resolution', 'General Meeting', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Alexandre Barat', 'volume conditions', 'Olivier Tassain', '16,658,366 ordinary shares', '8 March', '24 March', '16,658,366 Shares', 'Montrouge', 'Company', '11 November', '7 December', 'transaction', 'employees', 'relation', 'period', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'price', 'Council', 'regard', '24 May', 'execution', 'description', 'Section', 'page', 'number', 'text', 'website', 'part', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'credit', 'Attachment', '01']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13026,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/nordic-nanovector-asa---notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-on-1-december-2022-301674812.html,Nordic Nanovector ASA - Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting on 1 December 2022,"OSLO  Norway  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Nordic Nanovector ASA (""Nordic Nanovector"" or the ""Company"") on 9 November 2022 announcing that the Company has entered into a merger agreement with all shareh…","OSLO  Norway  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Nordic Nanovector ASA (""Nordic Nanovector"" or the ""Company"") on 9 November 2022 announcing that the Company has entered into a merger agreement with all shareholders of APIM Therapeutics AS to combine the companies in an all-stock transaction. Completion of the transaction is dependent on the approval by the General Meeting of the Company.Nordic Nanovector hereby calls for an Extraordinary General Meeting in the Company to be held on 1 December 2022  at 10:00 hours CET at Advokatfirmaet Selmer  Tjuvholmen Allé 1  0252 Oslo. The full notice with appendices is attached. The notice and the documents to which it refers are also available on www.nordicnanovector.com.Shareholders wishing to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting  in person or by proxy  must complete and return the attendance form or power of attorney form attached to the notice to Nordea Bank Abp  Issuer Service  Postboks 1166 Sentrum  N-0107 Oslo  or by e-mail to nis@nordea.com no later than 29 November 2022  16:00 CET. Attendance or proxies may also be registered electronically through Euronext Securities Oslo (formerly VPS) Investor Services.For further information  please contact:IR enquiriesMalene Brondberg  interim CEO and CFOCell: +44 7561 431 762Email: ir@nordicnanovector.comMedia EnquiriesMark SwallowithFrazer Hall/David Dible (Citigate Dewe Rogerson)Tel: +44 203 926 8535Email: nordicnanovector@citigatedewerogerson.comAbout Nordic Nanovector:Nordic Nanovector is committed to develop and deliver innovative therapies to patients to address major unmet medical needs and advance cancer care. The Company's pipeline includes:Betalutin® and Humalutin®  both CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapies incorporating the beta emitter lutetium-177 to treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL);Alpha37  a CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapy candidate incorporating the alpha-emitting radionuclide lead-212  currently being explored with partner Oranomed for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia;Multiple fully humanized anti-CD37 antibodies with potential in haematological cancers and autoimmune diseases; andA CD37 DOTA CAR-T cell opportunity in haematological cancers  which is being advanced via a research collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania .Further information can be found at www.nordicnanovector.com.This information is subject to a duty of disclosure pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Securities Trading Act.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/82e3b13cf8594ce3.pdf Nordic Nanovector Proposed resolutions for the EGM 2022 English https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/a87a703cb041ed5b.pdf Nordic Nanovector Proposed resolutions for the EGM 2022 norsk https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/99533486cb3abe63.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Notice of EGM ENG https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/bfb37ffa44d0bbe9.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Notice of EGM NOR https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/a743bf6c3a5e3b83.pdf Sakkyndig redegjørelse Nordic Nanovector ASA https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/aa3a72b943accc6f.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Merger announcement presentationSOURCE Nordic Nanovector",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.67,True,English,"['Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Notice', '1 December', 'Sakkyndig redegjørelse Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Multiple fully humanized anti-CD37 antibodies', 'CD37 DOTA CAR-T cell opportunity', 'major unmet medical needs', 'APIM Therapeutics AS', 'VPS) Investor Services', 'Citigate Dewe Rogerson', 'beta emitter lutetium', 'alpha-emitting radionuclide lead-2', 'chronic lymphocytic leukaemia', 'Securities Trading Act', 'stock exchange announcement', 'CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapy candidate', 'Merger announcement presentation', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'SOURCE Nordic Nanovector', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'CFO Cell', 'merger agreement', 'CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapies', 'stock transaction', 'Advokatfirmaet Selmer', 'Tjuvholmen Allé', 'attorney form', 'Issuer Service', 'IR enquiries', 'Malene Brondberg', 'interim CEO', 'Media Enquiries', 'Mark Swallow', 'Frazer Hall', 'David Dible', 'innovative therapies', 'cancer care', 'haematological cancers', 'autoimmune diseases', 'research collaboration', 'following files', 'attendance form', 'EGM ENG', 'EGM NOR', 'Further information', 'full notice', 'The Company', '0252 Oslo', '07 Oslo', 'Norway', 'Reference', '9 November', 'shareholders', 'companies', 'Completion', 'approval', '1 December', '10:00 hours', 'appendices', 'documents', 'person', 'proxy', 'power', 'Postboks', '1166 Sentrum', 'mail', 'nis', 'proxies', 'Tel', 'patients', 'pipeline', 'Betalutin', 'Humalutin', 'Hodgkin', 'lymphoma', 'NHL', 'Alpha37', 'partner', 'potential', 'University', 'Pennsylvania', 'nordicnanovector', 'duty', 'disclosure', 'Section', 'download', 'cision', 'resolutions', '16:00']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.co.uk
13027,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-reports-updated-phase-1-070000512.html,NANOBIOTIX Reports Updated Phase 1 Anti-PD-1 Combination Data That May Support the Immune Stimulation Potential of Radioenhancer NBTXR3 at the 37th Annual Meeting of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer,Data to be discussed during Nanobiotix Q3 Earnings Call at 8:00AM ESTData show that radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 was feasible and well tolerated in the complete dose escalation part of the Company’s phase 1 immunotherapy study with a re…,Nanobiotix S.A.Data to be discussed during Nanobiotix Q3 Earnings Call at 8:00AM ESTData show that radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 was feasible and well tolerated in the complete dose escalation part of the Company’s phase 1 immunotherapy study with a recommended phase 2 dose established at 33% of gross tumor volume in all 3 cohortsResults include 5 additional patients of 21 evaluable as of the data cutoff on 22 August 2022 and continue to suggest local control and immune stimulation regardless of prior anti-PD-1 exposureObjective reduction from baseline in all target lesions (“objective reduction”) was observed in 71.43% of evaluable patients (15/21) and objective reduction of more than 30% was observed in 42.86% of evaluable patients (9/21)Objective reduction was observed in 66.66% of evaluable patients with cancer resistant to anti-PD-1 (10/15)As of the cutoff  systemic disease control was durable and had sustained for more than 6 months in 38.10% of evaluable patients (8/21)PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced updated data from the Company’s phase 1 immunotherapy study  Study 1100. These data will be presented during the 37th Annual Meeting of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (“SITC”).“Immune checkpoint inhibitors such as anti-PD-1 are the backbone of cancer immunotherapy and expanding the benefits of these therapies to more patients by improving response rates is one of the most urgent challenges facing the oncology community today ” said Jared Weiss  MD  Professor  Medicine-Oncology at the University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center  and member of the Nanobiotix Scientific Advisory Board. “Novel combinations that can help to stimulate an immune response and overcome or circumvent resistance to immune checkpoint inhibitors could provide the key to unlocking the full potential of these life-saving therapeutics for larger groups of patients. I am encouraged by the early data we have reported on NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 both for patients naïve to prior anti-PD-1 therapy and for those whose cancer was resistant to anti-PD-1 and look forward to further evaluation of the radioenhancer for patients with recurrent and/or metastatic cancers.”Story continuesNBTXR3 Activated By Radiotherapy In Combination With Nivolumab Or Pembrolizumab In Patients With Advanced Cancers: Results From An Ongoing Dose Escalation Phase I Trial — Abstract #684Summary of Updated DataReported data included 28 patients  with 21 evaluable for early signs of efficacy at the data cutoff on 22 August 2022. Treatment remained feasible and well-tolerated  with a safety profile consistent with expectations from stereotactic body radiation therapy (“SBRT”; “RT”) followed by anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors.Objective reduction from baseline in target lesions (“objective reduction”) was observed in 71.43% of evaluable patients (15/21). 42.86% of evaluable patients (9/21) showed objective reduction greater than 30%. 71.43% of evaluable patients (15/21) had cancer resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure and tumor regression was observed in 66.66% of these patients (10/15).As of the data cutoff  systemic disease control was durable and had sustained for more than 6 months in 38.10% of evaluable patients (8/21). Delayed objective reduction has been observed in several patients  suggesting the potential for anti-cancer immune activity over time.The recommended phase 2 dose (“RP2D”) of RT-activated NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 was established at 33% of gross tumor volume in all 3 cohorts at the completion of the Study 1100 dose escalation part. The dose expansion part of the study is ongoing in the United States (“US”)  with a protocol amended for robust evaluation of RT-activated NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 in patients with locoregional recurrent (“LRR”) or recurrent and/or metastatic (“R/M”) head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (“HNSCC”) that is either naïve or resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure.The Company plans to submit a registrational phase 3 protocol for the evaluation of RT-activated NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 in patients with LRR or R/M HNSCC resistant to anti-PD-1 to the US Food and Drug Administration in the first quarter of 2023.Conference Call InformationThe updated data to be presented at SITC will be discussed during a conference call and live audio webcast on Thursday  November 10  2022  at 8:00 AM ET / 2:00 PM CET.The live webcast of the call may be accessed by visiting the investors section of the company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. Participants may register for the call here. They will be able to join the call via dial-in or one-click dial-out. The Company recommends that participants join 10 minutes prior to the start of the call.A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the company's website.About Study 1100Study 1100 is a phase 1  multicenter  dose escalation and dose expansion study in the United States. The complete dose escalation part included three cohorts: (i) locoregional recurrent (LRR) or R/M HNSCC amenable to reirradiation of the head and neck; (ii) lung metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1; (iii) liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1. Patients received a single intratumoral injection of NBTXR3 prior to their first session of stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT). Patients were treated with pembrolizumab (Keytruda®) or nivolumab (Opdivo®) after completion of SBRT. A recommended phase 2 dose for all three cohorts was established at 33% of gross tumor volume.The dose expansion part of Study 1100 is now ongoing with a protocol amended for robust evaluation of NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 in patients with LRR or R/M HNSCC that is either naïve to prior anti-PD-1 exposure or resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure. The protocol includes three amended cohorts: (i) LRR or R/M HNSCC amenable to reirradiation that is resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure; (ii) LRR or R/M HNSCC amenable to reirradiation that is naïve to prior anti-PD-1 exposure; and (iii) non-small cell lung cancer  malignant melanoma  hepatocellular carcinoma  renal cell carcinoma  urothelial cancer  cervical cancer  triple-negative breast cancer that has metastasized to soft tissues  lung metastases  or liver metastases that is resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored phase I dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy; and a phase III global registrational study was launched in 2021. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the phase III study.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company-sponsored phase I clinical study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC  or lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a strategic collaboration strategy with world class partners to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several phase I and phase II studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations.About NANOBIOTIX:Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterDisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “at this time ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “can ” “could ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “is designated to ” “may ” “might ” “on track ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ” “shall ” “should ” “scheduled ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the timing and progress of clinical trials  the timing of our presentation of data  the results of our preclinical and clinical studies and their potential implications. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data notwithstanding positive early clinical results; the risks associated with the evolving nature of the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental and regulatory measures implemented in response to it; the risk that the EIB may accelerate the loans under finance contract and its amendment upon the occurrence of customary events of default; the risk that Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all; the risk that Company may not be able to expand its product pipeline by developing NBTXR3 in additional indications  including in combination with I-O treatment;. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 8  2022 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 8  2022  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com )  as well as those set forth in the half-year financial report filed with the AMF on September 28  2022  may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentKate McNeilSVP  Investor Relations+1 (609) 678-7388investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations FR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.19,0.41,True,English,"['Anti-PD-1 Combination Data', 'Immune Stimulation Potential', '37th Annual Meeting', 'NANOBIOTIX Reports', 'Radioenhancer NBTXR3', 'Phase 1', 'Society', 'Immunotherapy', 'Cancer', 'North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center', 'Ongoing Dose Escalation Phase I Trial', 'complete dose escalation part', 'Nanobiotix Scientific Advisory Board', 'stereotactic body radiation therapy', 'Study 1100 dose escalation part', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Nanobiotix Q3 Earnings Call', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'dose expansion part', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', '37th Annual Meeting', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'anti-cancer immune activity', 'gross tumor volume', 'systemic disease control', 'registrational phase 3 protocol', 'phase 1 immunotherapy study', 'prior anti-PD-1 exposure', 'live audio webcast', 'Conference Call Information', 'phase 2 dose', 'immune stimulation', 'immune response', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'local control', 'tumor regression', 'live webcast', 'cancer immunotherapy', 'Objective reduction', 'target lesions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'response rates', 'urgent challenges', 'oncology community', 'Jared Weiss', 'Novel combinations', 'life-saving therapeutics', 'larger groups', 'Advanced Cancers', 'early signs', 'safety profile', 'United States', 'Drug Administration', 'first quarter', 'investors section', 'The Company', 'radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'RT-activated NBTXR3', 'early data', '5 additional patients', 'evaluable patients', 'treatment possibilities', 'full potential', 'metastatic cancers', 'several patients', 'locoregional recurrent', 'R/M HNSCC', 'US Food', 'robust evaluation', 'data cutoff', 'Updated Data', '28 patients', '8:00AM', '3 cohorts', 'Results', '22 August', 'baseline', '6 months', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'Society', 'SITC', 'backbone', 'benefits', 'MD', 'Professor', 'Medicine-Oncology', 'University', 'member', 'resistance', 'key', 'radioenhancer', 'Story', 'Nivolumab', 'Pembrolizumab', 'Abstract', 'Summary', 'efficacy', 'expectations', 'SBRT', 'time', 'RP2D', 'completion', 'LRR', 'head', 'neck', 'Thursday', 'November', '8:00 AM', '2:00 PM', 'website', 'Participants', 'start', 'replay', 'conclusion', 'wil']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,ca.sports.yahoo.com
13028,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-reports-third-quarter-2022-063000932.html,Aegon reports third quarter 2022 results,Please click here to access all 3Q 2022 results related documents. The Hague  November 10  2022 - Maintaining high pace in implementing Aegon’s strategy Net ...,Aegon N.V.Please click here to access all 3Q 2022 results related documents.The Hague  November 10  2022 - Maintaining high pace in implementing Aegon’s strategyNet loss of EUR 206 million driven mainly by a non-economic loss on interest rate hedges in the USOperating result of EUR 429 million  which is a decrease of 11% on a constant currency basis compared with the third quarter of 2021. Benefits from expense savings  growth initiatives  and an improvement in claims experience are more than offset by lower fees due to adverse marketsThe capital ratios of all three main units remain above their respective operating levels. Group Solvency II ratio amounts to 212%Cash Capital at Holding decreases to EUR 1 368 million  reflecting EUR 273 million dividends paid and second EUR 100 million tranche of previously announced EUR 300 million share buybackTransamerica Life Bermuda (TLB)  Aegon’s high-net-worth business  reinsured a closed life insurance portfolio with Transamerica in October. This frees up surplus capital and strengthens Transamerica’s capital positionAegon takes action to substantially reduce the capital sensitivity of its US variable annuity portfolio to equity markets and further increase the predictability of free cash flows; a third-party transaction will not be pursued in the near-termStatement of Lard Friese  CEO“In recent months  we have made great strides in the transformation of Aegon and the acceleration of our strategy. We have made substantial progress on our operational improvement plan  and have taken additional actions to maximize the value of both our US variable annuity book and TLB  Aegon’s high-net-worth insurance business. Most recently  we announced a transaction with a.s.r. in the Netherlands to create a leading Dutch insurance company.In the third quarter  our operating result declined by 11% on a constant currency basis as adverse market conditions more than offset an improvement in claims experience in the United States  expense savings and the benefit from growth initiatives. Despite inflationary headwinds  we made considerable progress with our expense savings program. We achieved additional EUR 50 million expense savings compared with last quarter  increasing the reduction in our annual addressable expenses to EUR 300 million compared with the base year 2019. The growth initiatives  aimed at improving our customer service and expanding our distribution network  positively impacted our commercial and financial results.Story continuesWe also made solid progress on our ambition to grow our strategic assets  despite continued financial market volatility and political unrest. Life insurance sales were up 24% in the United States and 16% in our Growth Markets  supported by our growing distribution capabilities. The retirement businesses across the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom all reported growth in net deposits  reflecting the strength of the labor market. Commercial results in Asset Management  the UK Retail business and our US mutual fund platform were under pressure as a result of our customers’ reduced propensity to invest in the current uncertain environment.We continue to take actions to maximize the value of our financial assets. Based on extensive analysis  we have concluded that the best option with respect to the US variable annuity portfolio is to continue to own and actively manage it  at least in the near term. In October  we finalized an internal reinsurance transaction between TLB and Transamerica that freed up USD 600 million in excess capital for Transamerica. Part of this will be used to create a buffer that will substantially reduce the capital sensitivity of our US variable annuity book to equity markets.The recent action we have taken to combine our Dutch pension  life and non-life insurance  banking  and mortgage origination activities with those of a.s.r.  is pivotal to the transformation of our company and reflects our goal to build advantaged businesses in our chosen markets. The transaction enables us to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders and is in line with our strategy to release capital from mature businesses  and create leading positions in markets where Aegon is well positioned for growth.I appreciate the hard work and dedication of all our colleagues to support our customers’ needs in challenging times. Thanks to the efforts of our employees  we are able to continue to improve our operational performance and accelerate our strategy. While economic volatility will likely persist  our strong balance sheet  disciplined risk management  and focused strategy make me confident about the opportunities the future will bring.”Note: All comparisons in this release are against 3Q 2021  unless stated otherwise. See page 7 of the full press release for key performance indicators.Media relations Investor relations Conference call including Q&A (9:00 a.m. CET) Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema Audio webcast on aegon.com +31 (0) 6 22 88 99 25gcc@aegon.com +31 (0) 70 344 8028ir@aegon.com United States: +1 864 991 41 03 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 15 36 (toll free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 83 77 (toll free) Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registrationAdditional informationPresentationThe conference call presentation is available on aegon.com as of 7.30 a.m. CET.SupplementsAegon’s 3Q 2022 Financial Supplement and other supplementary documents are available on aegon.com.Conference call including Q&AThe conference call starts at 9:00 am CET  with an audio webcast on aegon.com. To join the conference call and/or participate in the Q&A  you will need to register via the following registration link . Directly after registration you will receive an email with the call details and a personal pin to enter the conference call.Two hours after the conference call  a replay will be available on aegon.com.Click to joinWith ‘Call me’  there is no need to dial-in. Simply click the following registration link and select the option ‘Call me’.Enter your information and you will be called back to directly join the conference. The link becomes active 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. Should you wish not to use the ‘click to join’ function  dial-in numbers are also available:Dial-in numbers for conference callUnited States: +1 864 991 41 03 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 15 36 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 83 77 (toll-free)Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registrationFinancial calendar 2022 / 2023IFRS 9/17 Educational Webinar – December 14  2022Fourth quarter 2022 results – February 9  2023First quarter 2023 results – May 17  2023Annual General Meeting – May 25  2023Second quarter 2023 results – August 17  2023Third quarter 2023 results – November 16  2023About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager.Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity.Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Cautionary note regarding non-EU-IFRS measuresThis document includes the following non-EU-IFRS financial measures: operating result  income tax  result before tax  market consistent value of new business  return on equity and addressable expenses. These non-EU-IFRS measures  except for addressable expenses  are calculated by consolidating on a proportionate basis Aegon’s joint ventures and associated companies. The reconciliation of these measures  except for market consistent value of new business and return on equity  to the most comparable EU-IFRS measure is provided in the notes to this press release. Market consistent value of new business is not based on EU-IFRS  which are used to report Aegon’s primary financial statements and should not be viewed as a substitute for EU-IFRS financial measures. Aegon may define and calculate market consistent value of new business differently than other companies. Return on equity is a ratio using a non-EU-IFRS measure and is calculated by dividing the operating result after tax less cost of leverage by the average shareholders’ equity excluding the revaluation reserve. Operating expenses are all expenses associated with selling and administrative activities (excluding commissions) after reallocation of claim handling expenses to benefits paid. This includes certain expenses recorded in other charges  including restructuring charges. Addressable expenses are expenses reflected in the operating result  excluding deferrable acquisition expenses  expenses in joint ventures and associates and expenses related to operations in CEE countries. Aegon believes that these non-EU-IFRS measures  together with the EU-IFRS information  provide meaningful supplemental information about the operating results of Aegon’s business including insight into the financial measures that senior management uses in managing the business.Local currencies and constant currency exchange ratesThis document contains certain information about Aegon’s results  financial condition and revenue generating investments presented in USD for the Americas and in GBP for the United Kingdom  because those businesses operate and are managed primarily in those currencies. Certain comparative information presented on a constant currency basis eliminates the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. None of this information is a substitute for or superior to financial information about Aegon presented in EUR  which is the currency of Aegon’s primary financial statements.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.14,0.37,True,English,"['third quarter 2022 results', 'Aegon', 'Media relations Investor relations Conference call', 'Jan Willem Weidema Audio webcast', 'additional EUR 50 million expense savings', 'Group Solvency II ratio', 'US variable annuity portfolio', 'US variable annuity book', 'US mutual fund platform', 'second EUR 100 million tranche', 'EUR 300 million share buyback', 'closed life insurance portfolio', '3Q 2022 results related documents', 'leading Dutch insurance company', 'EUR 273 million dividends', 'interest rate hedges', 'constant currency basis', 'three main units', 'expense savings program', 'annual addressable expenses', 'current uncertain environment', 'mortgage origination activities', 'strong balance sheet', 'Life insurance sales', 'a.s.r.', 'UK Retail business', 'free cash flows', 'growing distribution capabilities', 'key performance indicators', 'worth insurance business', 'respective operating levels', 'adverse market conditions', 'full press release', 'internal reinsurance transaction', 'financial market volatility', 'Aegon N.V.', 'operational improvement plan', 'Transamerica Life Bermuda', 'non-life insurance', 'worth business', 'additional actions', 'financial results', 'Dutch pension', 'leading positions', 'operational performance', 'labor market', 'Q&A', 'distribution network', 'economic volatility', 'financial assets', 'Cash Capital', 'adverse markets', 'Commercial results', 'The Hague', 'Net loss', 'economic loss', 'Operating result', 'third quarter', 'claims experience', 'lower fees', 'Lard Friese', 'recent months', 'great strides', 'substantial progress', 'United States', 'inflationary headwinds', 'considerable progress', 'last quarter', 'base year', 'customer service', 'solid progress', 'strategic assets', 'political unrest', 'retirement businesses', 'United Kingdom', 'net deposits', 'Asset Management', 'reduced propensity', 'extensive analysis', 'best option', 'near term', 'advantaged businesses', 'mature businesses', 'hard work', 'customers’ needs', 'challenging times', 'risk management', 'Dick Schiethart', 'capital ratios', 'surplus capital', 'capital position', 'capital sensitivity', 'excess capital', 'third-party transaction', 'growth initiatives', 'equity markets', 'recent action', 'Growth Markets', 'high pace', 'focused strategy', 'decrease', 'Benefits', 'Holding', 'TLB', 'October', 'predictability', 'near-term', 'Statement', 'CEO', 'transformation', 'acceleration', 'value', 'Netherlands', 'reduction', 'Story', 'ambition', 'strength', 'pressure', 'buffer', 'banking', 'goal', 'return', 'shareholders', 'line', 'dedication', 'colleagues', 'efforts', 'employees', 'opportunities', 'future', 'Note', 'comparisons', 'page', 'CET']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13030,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-presents-compelling-data-in-collaboration-with-research-groups-at-national-cancer-institute-and-weill-cornell-medicine-usa-301674493.html,Lytix Biopharma presents compelling data in collaboration with research groups at National Cancer Institute and Weill Cornell Medicine  USA.,"OSLO  Norway  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian clinical-stage immune-oncology company  today announces the release of new data describing how LTX-315 treatment activates specific immune cell…","OSLO  Norway  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian clinical-stage immune-oncology company  today announces the release of new data describing how LTX-315 treatment activates specific immune cells that are critical for a proper priming of tumor-specific T cells.The data will be presented as a poster at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer's 37th Annual Meeting (SITC 2022) in Boston  USA.The poster entitled ""Molecular mechanisms of DC activation by melanoma cells responding to LTX-315"" describes how dendritic cells (DCs) can be activated by LTX-315 through several distinct pathways. DCs are antigen-presenting cells capable of tumor-antigen uptake  processing  and presentation to T cells. Once activated  DCs migrate from tumor to the lymphatic tissue to interact with T cells and help shape the adaptive anti-tumor immune response.The study was a collaborative research effort between Lytix and the research groups of Dr. Lorenzo Galluzzi at Weill Cornell Medicine  New York and Dr. Joost Oppenheim at National Cancer Institute  Frederick  both in USA.""Establishing the molecular mechanisms through which LTX-315 elicits tumor-targeting immune responses represents an important step towards realizing the full translational potential of this oncolytic peptide"" Galluzzi said in a comment.""These data are very exciting and establish the mechanisms by which LTX-315 both induces the release of tumor antigens and DC activation  the two critical steps for generating tumor specific T cells responses The findings further strengthen the position of LTX-315 as an anticancer immunotherapeutic agents ideal to be combined with other types of immuno-therapy."" said Øystein Rekdal  CEO of Lytix Biopharma.The poster can be found here https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/research-development/posters.htmlAbout SITCThe Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting & Pre-Conference Programs brings together stakeholders across the cancer immunotherapy field to advance the science  discover breakthroughs and educate the world on cancer immunotherapy.As the largest conference solely focused on cancer immunotherapy  the Annual meeting provides international leaders from academia  regulatory and government agencies  as well as industry representatives with a multidisciplinary educational and interactive environment focused on improving outcomes for all cancer patients.For further information please contact:Øystein Rekdal (CEO)  Telephone: +47 975 73 358  E-mail: [email protected]SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['National Cancer Institute', 'Weill Cornell Medicine', 'Lytix Biopharma', 'compelling data', 'research groups', 'collaboration', 'USA', 'tumor specific T cells responses', 'Norwegian clinical-stage immune-oncology company', 'adaptive anti-tumor immune response', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'tumor-targeting immune responses', 'specific immune cells', 'several distinct pathways', 'Weill Cornell Medicine', 'Dr. Joost Oppenheim', 'full translational potential', 'two critical steps', 'anticancer immunotherapeutic agents', 'tumor-specific T cells', 'collaborative research effort', '37th Annual Meeting', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Dr. Lorenzo Galluzzi', 'National Cancer Institute', 'SITC) Annual Meeting', 'cancer immunotherapy field', 'tumor antigens', 'melanoma cells', 'dendritic cells', 'antigen-presenting cells', 'research groups', 'proper priming', 'DC activation', 'tumor-antigen uptake', 'lymphatic tissue', 'New York', 'important step', 'oncolytic peptide', 'other types', 'Øystein Rekdal', 'Pre-Conference Programs', 'largest conference', 'international leaders', 'government agencies', 'industry representatives', 'multidisciplinary educational', 'interactive environment', 'cancer patients', 'Molecular mechanisms', 'The Society', 'new data', 'LTX-315 treatment', 'Norway', 'PRNewswire', 'release', 'poster', 'Boston', 'USA', 'DCs', 'processing', 'presentation', 'study', 'Frederick', 'comment', 'findings', 'position', 'immuno-therapy', 'CEO', 'stakeholders', 'science', 'breakthroughs', 'world', 'academia', 'regulatory', 'outcomes', 'information', 'Telephone', 'mail']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13031,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-reports-nine-month-2022-060000561.html,Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2022 Results and Provides Corporate Updates,Total nine-month revenues of €249.9 million  a ~ 3.5-fold increase compared to 2021 Product sales of €74.4 million (vs €45.5 million in the first nine months...,"VALNEVATotal n ine-month revenue s of €249.9 million   a ~ 3.5-fold increase compared to 2021Product sales of €74.4 million (vs €45.5 million in the first nine months of 2021) driven by a continued recovery of travel vaccine sales and by COVID-19 vaccine sales in Europe. Product sales outside of COVID-19 grew by double digits (11.2%) vs. prior period€175.5 million of other revenues (vs €24.4 million in the first nine months of 2021) mainly driven by revenue recognition related to previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreementsCash and cash equivalents of €261.0 million at the end of September 2022Excludes €102.9 million of gross proceeds received in October 2022 from an upsized global offering 1Includes drawing the final tranche ($20 million) from Deerfield & Orbimed loan agreement2Continu ed progress ion o f late-stage clinical programs as guidedLyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15Phase 3 study recruitment ongoing; enrollment completion expected in the second quarter of 2023Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate VLA1553Ongoing rolling submission for Biologics License Application (BLA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA); submission completion expected by end of 2022Progression of pre-clinical assets and focus on strengthening the Company’s clinical pipelineVLA1554 (human metapneumovirus) and VLA2112 (Epstein-Barr virus) currently prioritizedUpdated FY 2022 F ina ncial G uidanceValneva reiterates expected total revenues of €340 million to €360 million  noting continued recovery of travel vaccine sales  further revenue recognition linked to payments received under the Advance Purchase Agreement (APA) with each of the European Commission (EC) and United Kingdom (UK) and the expected sales from the revised EC APA. Product sales of the Company’s travel vaccines are still expected to reach €70 million to €80 million despite supply challenges and COVID-19 product sales are expected to reach €30 million to €40 million. Other Revenues are expected to reach approximately €240 million. They will be mainly related to COVID-19 revenue recognition in relation to the UK and EC APAs and will have no impact on cash. Other Revenues not related to COVID-19 will be negative in 2022 due to the increased refund liability resulting from the amendment of the VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer.Given phasing of clinical trial expenses and accelerated wind-down of VLA2001 related activities  Valneva now expects lower R&D expenses of €95 million to €110 million compared to the €120 million to €135 million previously communicated. The Company remains committed to advancing its late-stage vaccine candidates and to further expanding its R&D pipeline  including  but not limited to  through the advancement of some of the Company’s pre-clinical candidates towards clinical entry.As part of the communicated reshape strategy  Valneva is in the process of re-sizing its operations which is expected to result in a reduction of approximately 20% to 25% of its existing workforce. Post restructuring  the Company’s total workforce is expected to be approximately 25% above pre-COVID levels enabling the Company to retain key talents and additional expertise to successfully execute on its strategy. This re-sizing and re-focusing is expected to result in annualized savings of approximately €12 million.Story continuesFinancial Information(unaudited results  consolidated per IFRS)€ in million Nine months ending September 30 2022 2021 Total revenues 249.9 69.8 Product sales 74.4 45.5 Net loss (99.1) (245.9) Adjusted EBITDA loss (38.0) (227.6) Cash (at end of period) 261.0 247.9Saint-Herblain (France)  November 10  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today reported consolidated financial results for the first nine months of the year  ended September 30  2022. The condensed consolidated interim financial results are available on the Company’s website (Financial Reports – Valneva).Valneva will provide a live webcast of its nine months financial results conference call beginning at3 p.m. CET/9 a.m. EST today. This webcast will also be available on the Company’s website. Please refer to this link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/cay4shasThomas Lingelbach  Valneva’s Chief Executive Officer  commented  “Valneva is continuing to successfully execute on its key activities. Raising over €100 million in the current economic environment  attracting new investors  and maintaining support of our existing shareholders clearly underlines the value of the Company’s fundamentals  its R&D pipeline and our strategic ambitions. We will continue to fully pursue the Company’s strategic priorities  including advancing our chikungunya vaccine candidate towards marketing approval and launch  completing the Phase 3 trial of our Lyme disease vaccine candidate  progressing pre-clinical assets  and focusing on strengthening our clinical pipeline. The re-sizing of our operations will allow us to increase efficiency and focus on achieving our operational and strategic business objectives.”Clinical Stage Vaccine CandidatesLYME DISEASE VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA15Phase 3 study initiatedValneva and Pfizer are developing VLA15  a Lyme disease vaccine candidate that targets the outer surface protein A (OspA) of Borrelia burgdorferi  the bacteria that cause Lyme disease. The vaccine candidate covers the six OspA serotypes expressed by Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato species that are prevalent in North America and Europe.Recruitment of approximately 6 000 participants five years of age and older for the Phase 3 clinical study “VALOR” (Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists) is currently ongoing in highly endemic regions in the United States and Europe3. Enrollment for the study  which investigates the efficacy  safety  and immunogenicity of VLA15  is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023. As per the terms of the collaboration agreement between the two companies  Valneva received a $25 million milestone payment from Pfizer in October following initiation of the Phase 3 study.Pending successful Phase 3 completion  Pfizer could potentially submit a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. FDA and a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2025.Valneva and Pfizer entered into a collaboration agreement in April 2020 to co-develop VLA154. In June 2022  the terms of this collaboration were updated  and Pfizer invested €90.5 ($95) million in Valneva as part of an Equity Subscription Agreement5.Valneva will continue to pay its 40% contribution to the Phase 3 activities over 2022 and 2023.If approved  Pfizer will commercialize VLA15 and Valneva will be eligible to receive substantial milestone and royalty payments.CHIKUNGUNYA VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA1553BLA rolling submission with U.S. FDA initiatedVLA1553 is a live-attenuated  single-dose vaccine candidate against the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a mosquito-borne virus that has spread to more than 120 countries with the potential to rapidly expand further. There are currently no preventive vaccines or effective treatments for the chikungunya virus available  and VLA1553 is currently the only chikungunya vaccine candidate that successfully completed pivotal Phase 3 studies6 7 and the first chikungunya vaccine candidate for which a regulatory filing process has been initiated with the U.S. FDA.Valneva initiated BLA rolling submission with the FDA for approval of VLA1553 in persons aged 18 years and above in August 20228. This BLA submission is part of the accelerated approval pathway agreed with the FDA in 20209 and follows final pivotal Phase 3 data in March 202210 and final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 202211.Valneva expects to complete its BLA submission by the end of 2022. Once completed  and if the FDA accepts the filing  the FDA will determine priority review eligibility along with the action due date upon which it will complete its evaluation. The program received FDA Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations in 2018 and 2021  respectively. VLA1553 was also granted PRIority MEdicine (PRIME) designation by the EMA in 2020. Valneva currently plans to make additional regulatory submissions for VLA1553 in the first half of 2023.Valneva has presented and will continue to present clinical data for VLA1553 at high-profile medical and scientific congresses12. Recently  the Company highlighted additional immunological results from an expanded panel of serological samples from adults over 65 years of age who received VLA1553 at the American Society for Tropical Medicine and Hygiene (ASTMH) Annual Meeting. Similar to the pivotal data presented previously  the results from the expanded cohort continue to show that older adults generated similarly high seroresponse rates compared to younger adults in the pivotal Phase 3 study13. The Company is also expecting to report twelve-month antibody persistence data in late 2022.At the recent meeting of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)  Valneva presented an overview of VLA1553 safety and immunogenicity results and the chikungunya working group provided a preliminary review and timeline towards ACIP’s recommendation decision. Ahead of the anticipated February 2024 ACIP vote  the working group plans to present further on CHIKV traveler epidemiology and disease burden  a more comprehensive review of immunogenicity and safety data as part of its Grading of Recommendations  Assessment  Development and Evaluation (GRADE) assessment  and longer-term additional data in younger age groups.A clinical trial of VLA1553 in adolescents is also ongoing in Brazil14 for which topline results are expected in the first half of 2023. This trial may support future regulatory submissions and label extensions following a potential initial regulatory approval in adults in the U.S. This ongoing clinical trial conducted by Instituto Butantan and funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) is also expected to support licensure of the vaccine in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in an endemic region.Pre-Clinical Vaccine CandidatesThe Company continues to progress select pre-clinical assets and focus on strengthening its future clinical pipeline. The Company is currently focused on two pre-clinical assets  VLA1554 and VLA2112. The hMPV candidate  VLA1554  is a pre-fusion recombinant protein subunit vaccine targeting the human metapneumovirus (hMPV)  which is a major worldwide respiratory pathogen that causes acute upper and lower respiratory tract infection in children and is a common cause of morbidity and mortality in immunocompromised patients and in older adults. VLA1554 is currently in pre-clinical proof of concept studies. VLA2112 is a vaccine candidate targeting the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)  which is one of the most common human viruses and can cause infectious mononucleosis and other illnesses. VLA2112 is currently in a late-stage evaluation phase.Commercial VaccinesJAPANESE ENCEPHALITIS VACCINE (IXIARO®/JESPECT®)IXIARO® is the only Japanese encephalitis vaccine licensed and available in the U.S.  Canada and Europe.In the first nine months of 2022  IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €22.9 million compared to €33.7 million in the first nine months of 2021  as a result of the planned delivery schedule to the U.S. Department of Defense. This decrease was partly offset by the private travel markets  which showed significant recovery with IXIARO®/JESPECT® private sales reaching €19.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €4.6 million in the first nine months of 2021.CHOLERA / ETEC15-DIARRHEA VACCINE (DUKORAL®)DUKORAL® is an oral vaccine for the prevention of diarrhea caused by Vibrio cholerae and/or heat-labile toxin producing ETEC16  the leading cause of travelers’ diarrhea. DUKORAL® is authorized for use in the European Union and Australia to protect against cholera  and in Canada  Switzerland  New Zealand and Thailand to protect against cholera and ETEC.In the first nine months of 2022  DUKORAL® sales increased to €9.2 million compared to €0.5 million in the first nine months of 2021  also benefitting from the significant recovery in the private travel markets.SARS-CoV-2 INACTIVATED WHOLE-VIRUS VACCINEValneva’s COVID-19 vaccine  VLA2001  is the only inactivated whole-virus COVID-19 vaccine approved in Europe17 and was the first COVID-19 vaccine to receive a full marketing authorization from the European Medicines Agency (EMA). It is produced using Valneva’s established Vero-cell platform  leveraging the manufacturing technology for the Company’s commercial Japanese encephalitis vaccine  IXIARO®.In addition to its marketing approval in Europe  Valneva’s COVID-19 vaccine received conditional marketing authorization in the United Kingdom18 and emergency use authorization in the United Arab Emirates19 and Kingdom of Bahrain20. During the third quarter of 2022  the World Health Organization (WHO) also issued recommendations for use of the vaccine  including for a booster dose of VLA2001 four to six months after completion of the primary series. The vaccine generated sales of €23.9 million during the first nine months of 2022.Following a revised purchase agreement with the EC in July 2022  which included VLA2001 orders of 1.25 million21  Valneva has been delivering doses to participating EU Member States (Germany  Austria  Denmark  Finland  and Bulgaria). Valneva has retained inventory for potential additional supply to these EU Member States should demand increase and  in parallel  is continuing discussions on potential additional supply and financing agreements with various other governments around the world to deploy remaining inventory. VLA2001’s shelf life is expected to be extended to up to 24 months  compared to 15 months currently.Valneva reported first positive heterologous booster results for VLA2001 in August 202222 and expects additional heterologous booster data following primary vaccination with an mRNA vaccine or natural COVID-19 infection in the fourth quarter of 2022.Subject to regulatory assessments  heterologous booster results may support label extensions for VLA2001  additional product approvals and/or additional scientific recommendations.In light of the reduced order volume from EU Member States  Valneva suspended internal and terminated external manufacturing of VLA2001. Valneva is executing its “reshape” strategy including re-sizing which will allow the Company to increase efficiency and focus on its operational and strategic business objectives.THIRD-PARTY DISTRIBUTIONValneva distributes certain third-party vaccines in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure. In June 2020  the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic  pursuant to which it agreed to commercialize Bavarian Nordic’s marketed vaccines for rabies (Rabipur®/RabAvert®) and tick-borne encephalitis  leveraging its commercial infrastructure in Canada  the United Kingdom  France and Austria. In September 2022  Valneva also announced a partnership with VBI Vaccines for the marketing and distribution of the only3-antigen Hepatitis B vaccine  PreHevbri®  in select European markets23. Valneva and VBI expect PreHevbri to be available in these countries in early 2023.In the first nine months of 2022  third party product sales increased by 64.6% to €18.4 million from €11.2 million in the first nine months of 2021.Nine-Month 2022 Financial Review(Unaudited  consolidated under IFRS)RevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €249.9 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €69.8 million in the first nine months of 2021  an increase of 257.8%.Product sales  including COVID-19 vaccine sales  increased by 63.7% to €74.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €45.5 million in the first nine months of 2021. Foreign currency fluctuations contributed positively to €4.9 million of the change in product sales. Product sales from commercial products amounted to €50.6 million in the first nine months of 2022  an increase of 11.2% compared to the first nine months of 2021. Product sales related to COVID-19 amounted to €23.9 million.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales decreased by 32.1% to €22.9 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €33.7 million in the first nine months of 2021  primarily as a result of the planned delivery schedule to the DoD during the period. This decrease was partly offset by the private travel markets  which showed significant recovery with IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales reaching €19.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €4.6 million in the first nine months of 2021. Foreign currency fluctuations also contributed positively for €4.6 million to the change in IXIARO® product sales. DUKORAL® also benefited from this recovery in the private travel market as sales increased significantly to €9.2 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €0.5 million in the first nine months of 2021. COVID-19 vaccine sales amounted to €23.9 million resulting from shipments to participating EU Member States and Bahrain. Third Party product sales increased by 64.6% to €18.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 from €11.2 million in the first nine months of 2021  driven by growth related to Valneva’s distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic for the sale of Rabipur®/RabAvert® and Encepur®.Other Revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services  amounted to €175.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €24.4 million in the first nine months of 2021. This increase is attributable to €89.4 million of released refund liability as a result of the settlement with the UK government as well as a release of non-refundable advance payments from EU Member States amounting to €110.8 million. This was partially offset by €36.1 million of negative revenue resulting from an increase in the refund liability linked to the amendment to the VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer. Valneva’s future contribution to the VLA15 Phase 3 study will go against the refund liability included in the balance sheet.Operating Result and adjusted EBITDACosts of goods and services sold (COGS) were €202.7 million in the first nine months of 2022. The gross margin on commercial product sales amounted to 55.4% compared to 37.8% in the first nine months of 2021. COGS of €6.4 million related to IXIARO® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 72.0%. COGS of €3.7 million related to DUKORAL® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 60.0%  which was positively impacted by provision releases resulting from reduced expiry risks on inventory. Of the remaining COGS in the first nine months of 2022  €12.4 million were related to the Third-Party products distribution business  €174.0 million to the COVID-19 vaccine business and €6.2 million to cost of services. COGS of the COVID-19 vaccine program included effects from the significant reduction of sales volumes to EU Member States. In the first nine months of 2021  overall COGS were €159.6 million  of which €142.4 million related to cost of goods and €17.2 million related to cost of services.Research and development expenses amounted to €75.4 million in the first nine months of 2022  compared to €117.2 million in the first nine months of 2021. This decrease was mainly driven by lower clinical trials costs for Valneva’s chikungunya vaccine program advancing towards licensure as well as reduced spend on the COVID-19 program. Marketing and distribution expenses in the first nine months of 2022 amounted to €13.1 million compared to €15.0 million in the first nine months of 2021. Marketing and distribution expenses in the first nine months of 2022 notably included €4.3 million of expenses related to the launch preparation costs for Valneva’s chikungunya vaccine candidate  VLA1553  compared to €2.8 million in the first nine months of 2021. In the first nine months of 2022  general and administrative expenses declined to €23.3 million from €31.7 million in the first nine months of 2021. COGS  research and development  marketing and distribution as well as general and administrative expenses benefited from a non-cash accrual adjustment of €30.6 million related to the positive effect of the Company’s share price development on the employee share-based compensation programs. This income compares to a cost of €13.7 million in the first nine months of 2021.Other income  net of other expenses  reduced to €7.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 from €16.0 million in the first nine months of 2021. This decrease was mainly driven by reduced R&D tax credits directly resulting from lower R&D spending and an increase of other expenses related to the provision for the ongoing Vivalis / Intercell merger litigation proceedings.Valneva recorded an operating loss of €57.1 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €237.6 million in the first nine months of 2021  of which the COVID-19 operating loss represented €14.2 million and €194.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 and 2021  respectively and the other segments represented €42.9 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €43.2 million in the first nine months of 2021. Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) loss in the first nine months of 2022 was €38.0 million compared to an adjusted EBITDA loss of €227.6 million in the first nine months of 2021.Net ResultIn the first nine months of 2022  Valneva generated a net loss of €99.1 million compared to a net loss of €245.9 million in the first nine months of 2021.Finance expense and foreign currency effects in the first nine months of 2022 resulted in a net finance expense of €39.8 million  compared to a net finance expense of €6.6 million in the first nine months of 2021. This was mainly a result of a foreign exchange loss amounting to €26.5 million in the first nine months of 2022  primarily driven by non-cash revaluation results of non-Euro denominated balance sheet positions  compared to a net foreign exchange gain of €5.3 million in the first nine months of 2021. Interest expenses net of interest income were €13.3 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €11.9 million in the first nine months of 2021.Cash Flow and LiquidityNet cash used in operating activities amounted to €189.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €36.5 million of cash generated by operating activities in the first nine months of 2021. Cash outflows in the first nine months of 2022 were mainly related to the operating loss generated in the period and non-cash revenues (cash received in previous periods)  while during the first nine months of 2021 cash inflows mainly resulted from pre-payments received related to the vaccine supply agreement signed with the UK government.Cash outflows from investing activities amounted to €22.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €69.9 million in the first nine months of 2021  both mainly a result of COVID-19-related construction activities across production sites in Scotland and Sweden  as well as equipment purchases.Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to €121.6 million in the first nine months of 2022  which was mainly a result of proceeds from the equity subscription agreement with Pfizer as well as a draw-down in September on the credit facility provided by Deerfield & Orbimed24. Cash inflows in the first nine months of 2021 amounted to €74.6 million which was mainly a result of proceeds from issuance of new shares in the U.S. initial public offering and European private placement in May of 2021.Cash and cash equivalents decreased to €261.0 million as of September 30  2022  compared to €346.7 million as of December 31  2021 and consisted of €258.1 million in cash and €3.0 million in restricted cash. The cash decrease mainly resulted from COVID-19-related investments into fixed assets  R&D and Manufacturing expenses. Net proceeds from the recent global offering were received in October and are not included in the cash position reported per September 30  2022.Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresManagement uses and presents IFRS results  as well as the non-IFRS measure of Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate and communicate its performance. While non-IFRS measures should not be construed as alternatives to IFRS measures  management believes non-IFRS measures are useful to further understand Valneva’s current performance  performance trends  and financial condition.Adjusted EBITDA is a common supplemental measure of performance used by investors and financial analysts. Management believes this measure provides additional analytical tools. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings (loss) for the period before income tax  finance income/expense  foreign exchange gain/(loss)  results from investments in associates  amortization  depreciation  and impairment.A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the period  which is the most directly comparable IFRS measure  is set forth below:€ in million Nine months ending September 30 (unaudited results  consolidated per IFRS) 2022 2021 Loss for the period (99.1) (245.9) Add: Income tax expense 2.2 1.6 Total Finance income (0.1) (0.2) Total Finance expense 13.4 12.1 Foreign exchange gain/(loss) – net 26.5 (5.3) Result from investments in associates - 0.1 Amortization 5.3 4.9 Depreciation 10.6 5.1 Impairment 3.3 - Adjusted EBITDA (38.0) (227.6)About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to successfully commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including but not limited to statements regarding expected total revenues and R&D spending for full fiscal year 2022  product sales  possible regulatory approvals of product candidates  the re-shaping of the Company’s operations  initiation and progression of clinical trials  and development of pre-clinical vaccine candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the occurrence of any of which could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces Closing of Upsized €102.9 Million Global Offering - Valneva2 Valneva Announces Upsized Financing Arrangement with Leading US Healthcare Funds Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva3 Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15 - Valneva4 Valneva and Pfizer Announce Collaboration to Co-Develop and Commercialize Lyme Disease Vaccine  VLA155 Valneva and Pfizer Enter into an Equity Subscription Agreement and Update Terms of Collaboration Agreement for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA156 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva7 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva8 Valneva Initiates Rolling Submission of FDA Biologics License Application for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva9 Valneva Reports Positive End-of-Phase 2 Chikungunya Meeting with the U.S. FDA; Sets Stage for Phase 3 Study10 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva11 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva12 Valneva to Present on its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate at Leading Scientific Conferences - Valneva13 Presentation at ASTMH: Chikungunya: Phase 3 Clinical Development of a Single-shot Live-Attenuated Vaccine14 Valneva Announces Initiation of Adolescent Phase 3 Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva15 Indications differ by country - Please refer to Product / Prescribing Information (PI) / Medication Guide approved in your respective countries for complete information  incl. dosing  safety and age groups in which this vaccine is licensed  ETEC = Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (E. Coli) bacterium.16 Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) is a type of Escherichia coli and one of the leading bacterial causes of diarrhea in the developing world  as well as the most common cause of travelers’ diarrhea.17 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in Europe for Inactivated Whole-Virus COVID-19 Vaccine VLA200118 Valneva Receives Conditional Marketing Authorization from UK MHRA for its Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine – Valneva19 Valneva Receives Emergency Use Authorization from the United Arab Emirates for its Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine20 Valneva Receives Emergency Use Authorization from Bahrain for its Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001 – Valneva21 Valneva Confirms Amendment of Advance Purchase Agreement with European Commission for Valneva’s Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine - Valneva22 Valneva Reports Further Positive Phase 3 Immunogenicity and the First Heterologous Booster Results for its Inactivated  Adjuvanted COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001 - Valneva23 Valneva and VBI Vaccines Announce European Partnership for Marketing and Distribution of PreHevbri® - Valneva24 Valneva Announces Upsized Financing Arrangement with Leading US Healthcare Funds Deerfield and OrbiMed - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.12,0.15,0.73,True,English,"['Nine-Month 2022 Results', 'Corporate Updates', 'Valneva', 'nine months financial results conference call', 'previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreements', 'Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate', 'Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate', 'consolidated interim financial results', 'lower R&D expenses', 'ncial G uidance Valneva', 'Total n ine-month revenue', 'consolidated financial results', 'first nine months', 'R&D pipeline', 'upsized global offering', 'Orbimed loan agreement2', 'U.S. Food', 'late-stage vaccine candidates', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'current economic environment', 'COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'travel vaccine sales', 'Phase 3 study recruitment', 'Biologics License Application', 'Advance Purchase Agreement', 'VLA2001 related activities', 'late-stage clinical programs', 'clinical trial expenses', 'COVID-19 revenue recognition', 'Ongoing rolling submission', 'specialty vaccine company', 'COVID-19 product sales', 'unaudited results', 'supply challenges', 'Financial Information', 'Financial Reports', 'license agreement', 'Phase 3 trial', 'clinical pipeline', 'travel vaccines', 'total revenues', 'pre-clinical candidates', 'total workforce', 'key activities', 'clinical entry', '3.5-fold increase', 'continued recovery', 'double digits', 'other revenues', 'gross proceeds', 'final tranche', 'progress ion', 'second quarter', 'Drug Administration', 'pre-clinical assets', 'human metapneumovirus', 'Epstein-Barr virus', 'European Commission', 'United Kingdom', 'refund liability', 'VLA15 collaboration', 'existing workforce', 'pre-COVID levels', 'key talents', 'additional expertise', 'annualized savings', 'Net loss', 'EBITDA loss', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'new investors', 'existing shareholders', 'strategic ambitions', 'strategic priorities', 'marketing approval', 'EC APAs', 'prior period', 'enrollment completion', 'reshape strategy', 'Valneva SE', 'live webcast', 'The Company', 'cash equivalents', 'end', 'September', 'October', 'Deerfield', 'BLA', 'FDA', 'Progression', 'focus', 'VLA1554', 'VLA2112', 'payments', 'UK', 'relation', 'impact', 'Pfizer', 'phasing', 'wind-down', 'advancement', 'part', 'process', 'operations', 'reduction', 'restructuring', 'sizing', 'Story', 'IFRS', 'million', 'France', 'November', 'year', 'website', 'link', 'media', 'server', 'mmc', 'cay4shas', 'support', 'value', 'fundamentals', 'launch', 'efficiency', 'operational']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13032,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552660/0/en/Unifiedpost-s-onboarding-of-new-customers-accelerates-further-in-Q3.html,Unifiedpost’s onboarding of new customers accelerates further in Q3,Growth momentum for digitising SMEs enhances – double digit top line growth     La Hulpe  Belgium – November 10  2022  7:00 a.m. CET - Regulated......,Growth momentum for digitising SMEs enhances – double digit top line growthLa Hulpe  Belgium – November 10  2022  7:00 a.m. CET - Regulated Information - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) is pleased to announce a continued double-digit digital revenue growth over nine month Interim (9M) 2022 (+16.4%). The recurring digital processing revenue grew by 20% y/y to €83.4 million  while total revenue grew by 13.6% y/y to €135.7 million over the same period. Since the beginning of the year  Unifiedpost grew its customer base by 24.5% to 986 971 SMEs. The onboarding of new customers keeps on accelerating. While in the first six months of the year an average of 19.708 new customers were onboarded per month  this figure has increased to 25.375 on average per month in Q3 2022.Highlights9M 2022 Group revenue grew by 13.6% y/y to €135.7 millionDigital processing revenue grew by more than 16.4% y/y to €88.6 million  with recurring digital processing revenue up 20% The organic growth of digital processing revenue for 9M 2022 was 13.8%Strong customer growth of 24.5% compared since the start of the FY 2022Growth rates in digital business increasingly supported by European government’s decisionsCommenting on the business update  Hans Leybaert  CEO and founder stated: “We are pleased that the roll-out of our platform is leading to an increased adoption by local entrepreneurs and business owners throughout Europe. During the summer period we saw an increased demand for our solutions resulting in an accelerated customer growth  even though in many markets the digital B2B invoicing is not mandatory today. We put a lot of effort in the geographical expansion of our services throughout Europe  and I’m happy we are succeeding. Our team and solutions prove daily that we are highly scalable: the platform is available in 32 countries  adapted to local needs. During last summer our team for government licence business delivered to the high expectations with the go-live in Serbia. I am proud of the results and the achievements of our Unifiedpost team. We look forward to duplicating this together with our partners for all major licensing deals we have in the pipeline.”Key financial figures(EUR million) Q3 2022 YTD Q3 2022 YTD Q3 2021 Change (%) Digital processing revenue 29.3 88.6 76.1 +16.4% Recurring digital processing revenue 27.1 83.4 69.5 +20.0% Non-recurring digital revenue 2.2 5.2 6.6 -21.2% Postage & parcel optimisation revenue 14.7 47.1 43.4 +8.5% Group revenue 44.0 135.7 119.5 +13.6%Key business KPI’s(#) End Q3 2022 End Q2 2022 End Q1 2022 End Q4 2021 Customers 986 971 910 845 857 313 792 594 Paying customers 453 417 430 524 402 494 368 277 Customers paid by 3rd parties 533 554 480 321 454 819 424.317 Companies in business network 2 023 460 1 745 401 1 615 062 1 504 895 Banqup customers 80 420 68 546 56 000 35 408 Organic growth (new subscriptions) 3 928 5 529 5 197 4 855 Migrated 7 847 7 116 15 395 - Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox) 37 459 35 382 31 884 28 864 Banqup customers France (JeFacture) 4 087 3 591 2 844 2 072Double-digit growth rates in digital processing businessUnifiedpost grew its revenue in the first nine months of 2022 by 13.6% y/y to €135.7 million  driven by strong growth of the recurring digital processing revenue combined with a sound growth in postage and parcel optimisation services.Growth digital processing mainly driven by organic growthThe Group saw its revenue from digital processing increasing by 16.4% y/y to €88.6 in the first three quarters. 13.8% of the growth was organic. This was mainly driven by the strong growth rate of 20.0% y/y in recurring digital revenue  i.e. digital platform revenue excluding the project and licence business. The growth is spread over different countries and markets  with the Nordic countries  Serbia  Romania  the Baltics  and the Benelux showing growth rates accelerating.The project and licence business  which is non-recurring  contributed €5.2 million (9M 2021: €6.6m). Because of the guidelines around digital invoicing that are being introduced in more and more European countries  there is an increasing demand from governments for a portal that enables the continuous real-time monitoring of each invoice. This will have a positive impact on the growth that Unifiedpost is pursuing. As indicated with our H1 2022 results  Unifiedpost expects to generate more project and licence revenue by the end of the year as the Company is expected to benefit from significant projects billed in Q4 2022.96.2% of the total group revenue results from recurring services  in line with Q2 2022.Sound growth in postage & parcel optimisation businessGroup revenue was also supported by robust growth in postage and parcel optimisation services  + 8.5% y/y in 9M 2022 to €47.1 million. Unifiedpost sees its postage and parcel optimisation business having an excellent 9M 2022. The increase in the top-line was caused by the onboarding of large new customers in combination with general price increases.Customer base grew strongly with improved momentumUnifiedpost grew its customer base further reaching a new record of 986 971 customers at the end of September (+24.5% compared to YE 2021). The consolidated business network expanded to just above 2 million companies by the end of Q3 2022  representing an estimated 8% of businesses in Europe.The total number of Banqup customers more than doubled since the beginning of FY 2021: from 35 408 YE 2021 to 80 420 at the end of Q3 2022. Banqup is Unifiedpost’s core SME-product allowing customers to create and send sales invoices  keep an overview of all (financial) documents and manage administration. The platform also offers a unique  inhouse developed payment functionality. The customer growth over the last three months includes migration effects from legacy platforms. Adjusting for such migrated users  the number of Banqup users increased by 14 654 in the first nine months of 2022.Within the French market  Unifiedpost sees the number of JeFacture customers increase steadily. The Unifiedpost management expects the growth rate of its customers in the French market to accelerate in the coming periods.The overall average revenue per unit (ARPU) in digital processing business1 reached €21.7. The decline in ARPU compared to FY2021 (€27.9) is predominantly due to two effects. The first one is a negative effect from the last quarter as that includes the licence revenue resulting from the project with the Serbian Government. The second one results from the significantly higher and increasing revenue contribution from Unifiedpost’s SME business with a structurally lower ARPU.Positive cash flow expected for H2 2023Due to the changed economic circumstances and business conditions  the Company has made the target to become cash flow positive its predominant priority. The target remains to be cash flow positive for H2 2023. <End>Investors & Media webcastManagement will host a live video webcast for analysts  investors and media today at 10:00 a.m. CET.A recording will be available shortly after the event. To attend  please register at https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=9B0FAE98-BFBC-42EE-87D6-60C47EAD9555 . Participants can also join via telephone. They can obtain their personal dial-in details by registering with this link: https://registrations.events/direct/NTE60150 .A full replay be available after the webcast at: https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relationsFinancial Calendar 202230 November 2022 Investor DayInvestor Relations & MediaSarah Heuninck+32 491 15 05 09sarah.heuninck@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1 600 000 SMEs and more than 2 500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2021 turnover €171 million1400+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentially from the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.1 Revenue in digital processing revenue divided by number of paying customers at the end of the relevant period.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,positive,0.81,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['new customers', 'Unifiedpost', 'onboarding', 'Q3', 'double digit top line growth', 'continued double-digit digital revenue growth', 'parcel optimisation business Group revenue', 'recurring digital processing revenue', 'parcel optimisation revenue', 'recurring digital revenue', 'digital processing business', 'parcel optimisation services', 'first six months', 'major licensing deals', 'Key financial figures', 'first three quarters', 'continuous real-time monitoring', 'general price increases', 'Growth digital processing', 'Double-digit growth rates', 'digital B2B invoicing', 'Key business KPI', 'first nine months', 'total group revenue', 'strong growth rate', 'digital platform revenue', 'Banqup customers France', 'government licence business', '9M 2022 Group revenue', 'Strong customer growth', 'large new customers', 'Banqup customers Belgium', 'digital business', 'recurring services', 'digital invoicing', 'total revenue', 'licence revenue', 'business update', 'business owners', 'business network', 'The Group', 'European government', 'Growth momentum', 'organic growth', 'sound growth', 'robust growth', 'customer base', '19.708 new customers', 'new subscriptions', 'La Hulpe', 'Regulated Information', 'same period', 'Hans Leybaert', 'local entrepreneurs', 'summer period', 'geographical expansion', 'local needs', 'last summer', 'high expectations', '3rd parties', 'positive impact', 'significant projects', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'different countries', 'Nordic countries', 'European countries', 'excellent 9M', 'increased adoption', 'many markets', 'increasing demand', 'H1 2022 results', 'End Q4', 'End Q3', 'Unifiedpost team', '32 countries', 'digitising', 'SMEs', 'November', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'Interim', 'beginning', 'year', 'onboarding', 'average', 'Highlights', 'start', 'FY', 'decisions', 'CEO', 'founder', 'roll-out', 'solutions', 'accelerated', 'lot', 'effort', 'Serbia', 'achievements', 'partners', 'pipeline', 'YTD', 'Change', 'Postage', 'Q1', '4.317 Companies', 'Billtobox', 'JeFacture', 'Romania', 'Baltics', 'Benelux', 'guidelines', 'governments', 'portal', 'invoice', 'Q2', 'top-line', 'combination', '7:00', '16.']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13033,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552674/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8090 £ 24.3875 Estimated MTD return -1.20 % -1.22 % Estimated YTD return -4.76 % -3.63 % Estimated ITD return 178.09 % 143.87 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 564 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.8431 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.0807The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Range', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '564 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13034,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553581/0/en/The-Fonds-Strat%C3%A9gique-de-Participations-increases-its-shareholding-in-Believe.html,The Fonds Stratégique de Participations increases its shareholding in Believe,Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan  Press release  Paris  10 November 2022   The Fonds......,English FrenchNot for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanPress releaseParis  10 November 2022The Fonds Stratégique de Participations increases its shareholding in BelieveThe Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP)  a long-term shareholder of Believe since its listing in June 2021  is increasing its equity holding. This initiative clearly demonstrates the Fund’s commitment to supporting the development of one of the world’s leading digital music companies.Since its creation in 2013  the Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP)  financed by seven major French insurers  has provided stable capital to forward-looking companies embodying French excellence  with a view to creating sustainable value. Managed by the asset manager ISALT  the FSP acquires significant long-term shareholdings in such companies while taking part in governance as a member of their Boards of Directors.The FSP acquired its initial stake in Believe as a cornerstone investor during the IPO in June 2021  and currently holds nearly 4% of Believe’s share capital. The fund also occupies a seat on the company's Board of Directors  where it is represented by Cécile Frot-Coutaz.Today  the FSP is reasserting its commitment to Believe  a privileged partner of digital artists and independent record labels  as well as a driving force behind the new globe-spanning music industry. This operation also testifies to the trust ISALT and the FSP have placed in Believe’s management team  as well as their adherence to the values espoused by the company as a trailblazer shaping the music industry of tomorrow.Nicolas Dubourg  Chairman of ISALT  said: “Believe is an indispensable player in today’s digital-driven music industry. By increasing our equity investment in the company  we are reasserting our commitment vis-a-vis the management team and our confidence in the growth of a visionary business at the heart of a fast-changing sector. The publication of Q3 results confirmed Believe’s outstanding operational trajectory  as well as the shrewdness of its business model”.Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder and Chairman and CEO of Believe  added: “We are grateful to the Fonds Stratégique de Participations for the trust it has placed in Believe since the IPO  as well as for its firm commitment and its participation in our Board of Directors. This active support and guidance is essential for us”.About the Fonds Stratégique de ParticipationsThe FSP is an investment vehicle whose shareholders and directors are 7 major French insurance companies: BNP Paribas Cardif  CNP Assurances  Crédit Agricole Assurances  Groupama  Natixis Assurances  Société́ Générale Assurances and Suravenir. The FSP aims to provide long-term support to French companies in their growth and transition projects. To this end  it takes significant and qualified “strategic” holdings in the capital of companies and participates in their governance by sitting on their Board of Directors or Supervisory Board. The FSP portfolio  valued at €2.65 billion at 31 December 2021  includes 10 stakes in the capital of leading French companies in their sector: Seb  Arkema  Safran  Eutelsat Communications  Tikehau Capital  Elior  Neoen  Valeo  Believe and Soitec.About ISALTISALT is a portfolio management company created in 2020 and specialised in the management of long-term investment funds for professional investors or similar. ISALT’s main activity is the management of the Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP). As such  it implements an investment strategy that consists of taking significant long-term stakes in the capital of French companies and sitting on their governance bodies. ISALT’s objective is to provide stable capital  to identify value creation levers within companies and to ensure that opportunities linked to essential transitions are at the core of their development strategy. www.isalt-gestion.comAbout BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).For more information: www.believe.comISALT media contact:Patricia Salomon9 Rue Duphot  75001 Parispatricia.salomon@isalt-gestion.comAttachment,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['The Fonds Stratégique de', 'Participations', 'shareholding', 'Believe', 'Société́ Générale Assurances', 'The Fonds Stratégique de Participations', 'Crédit Agricole Assurances', 'seven major French insurers', 'new globe-spanning music industry', '7 major French insurance companies', 'leading digital music companies', 'Cécile Frot-Coutaz.', 'digital-driven music industry', 'outstanding operational trajectory', 'BNP Paribas Cardif', 'qualified “strategic” holdings', 'digital music experts', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'leading French companies', 'significant long-term shareholdings', 'long-term investment funds', 'value creation levers', 'ISALT media contact', 'significant long-term stakes', 'independent record labels', 'CNP Assurances', 'Natixis Assurances', 'portfolio management company', 'The FSP', 'digital artists', 'English French', 'French excellence', 'long-term shareholder', 'long-term support', 'sustainable value', 'forward-looking companies', 'equity investment', 'investment vehicle', 'investment strategy', 'digital world', 'independent artists', 'United States', 'Press release', 'equity holding', 'asset manager', 'initial stake', 'cornerstone investor', 'privileged partner', 'driving force', 'Nicolas Dubourg', 'indispensable player', 'visionary business', 'Q3 results', 'business model', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'active support', 'transition projects', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'professional investors', 'main activity', 'essential transitions', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'regulated market', '9 Rue Duphot', 'management team', 'stable capital', 'share capital', 'Tikehau Capital', 'changing sector', 'various solutions', 'Patricia Salomon', 'FSP portfolio', 'governance bodies', 'development strategy', 'Euronext Paris', 'firm commitment', 'Supervisory Board', '10 stakes', '75001 Paris', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', '10 November', 'Believe', 'listing', 'June', 'initiative', 'view', 'member', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'IPO', 'seat', 'trust', 'adherence', 'values', 'trailblazer', 'tomorrow', 'Chairman', 'today', 'confidence', 'growth', 'heart', 'publication', 'shrewdness', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'guidance', 'shareholders', 'Groupama', 'Suravenir', '31 December', 'Seb', 'Arkema', 'Safran', 'Elior', 'Neoen', 'Valeo', 'Soitec', 'objective', 'opportunities', 'core', 'gestion', 'mission', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', '1,610 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'brands', 'AllPoints', 'compartment', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'information', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13035,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553554/0/en/RAMSAY-SANTE-Quaterly-results-at-end-of-September-2022.html,RAMSAY SANTE : Quaterly results at end of September 2022,PRESS RELEASEParis  10 November 2022        9.8% total revenues growth for this quarter  strongly supported by good dynamics in the Nordics......,English FrenchPRESS RELEASEParis  10 November 20229.8% total revenues growth for this quarter  strongly supported by good dynamics in the Nordics countries and recent acquisitions. Growth on a like-for-like basis of 4.9%.Continuously playing a leading role in addressing the effects of the COVID pandemic in Europe  whilst confronted to an EBITDA decrease of 16.7% vs Q1 FY22 due to lower Covid subsidies  high inflation and staff shortage challenges.Cost controls measures reinforced to address current headwinds and support our efforts in implementing a global patient pathway strategy to remain a European leader in integrated care.Unaudited turnover for the three months period ending 30 September 2022 amounted to €1 027.9m up 9.8% on a reported basis;Unaudited EBITDA for the three months period ending 30 September 2022 amounted to €112.6m down 16.7% on a reported basis;Unaudited current operating profit for the three months period ending 30 September 2022 amounted to €13.5m down 69.0% on a reported basis;Ramsay Santé has continued in the 3 months to support the fight against the COVID by taking care of COVID patients in both France and Sweden.Revenues for the group increased by 9.8% or €92m for this quarter. On a like-for-like basis  revenues organic growth for the 3 months ending 30 September 2022 was 4.9%. France revenue has grown by 5.5% supported by an increase in medical purchases rechargeable revenue and impacted by the ongoing shift toward ambulatory care. Nordic countries revenue grew by 20% supported by recent acquisitions and their organic revenue growth is mainly realised by proximity care and specialist care patients in both Sweden and Denmark.The French Government has extended the 2022 revenue guarantee decree to being effective up until 31 December 2022. The amount of various government subsidies related to COVID is lower by €13m for the group this quarter compared to the same period last year.Ramsay Santé margins have also been negatively impacted by shortages of nursing and clinical staff and persistently higher inflation conditions.The Group continues to successfully implement its 2025 strategic plan  confirming its position as the leader in integrated digi-physical care in Europe. The Group finalised the acquisition of 10 entities in Scandinavia during FY22 and is focused on delivering the benefits from their integration. These acquisitions are complementary to the current business and expand the scope of the Group's services as well as its geographic footprint.During this quarter  Ramsay Santé has strengthen its financing structure thanks to an additional €150m tranche of its Fiducie Sureté.Ramsay Health Care Ltd is publishing in parallel a trading update at the end of September 2022 which includes some of the information contained in this announcement.Pascal Roché  Chief Executive Officer of Ramsay Santé  says:« The first quarter of FY23 (July-September 2022) has seen a full contribution of all the acquisitions completed over the course of the last financial year in the Nordics and has benefited from a strong activity in that geography. Ramsay Santé continued to care for many Covid patients in France and Sweden in particular. Whilst operating conditions are improving  profitability did not compare favourably versus the prior year corresponding period due to lower Covid-related subsidies  high inflation and staff shortage challenges »The Board of Directors approved the unaudited first quarter FY23 trading update at its meeting held on 10 November 2022.About Ramsay SantéRamsay Santé is the leader in private hospitalisation and primary care in Europe. The Group has 36 000 employees and works with nearly 9 300 practitioners to treat more than 10 million patients per year in its 443 facilities and 5 countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy.Ramsay Santé offers almost all medical and surgical specialities in three domains: Medicine  Surgery  Obstetrics (MSO)  Follow-up Care and Rehabilitation (FCR) and Mental Health. In all its territories  the Group contributes to public service health undertakings and providing proximity care  as in Sweden where the group has more than a hundred local health centres. Safe  quality care is the Group's priority in all the countries where it operates. This is what has made it a reference in state-of-the-art medicine  particularly in outpatient surgery and enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS). The Group also invests more than €200 million every year in its facilities  whether in new surgical and imaging technologies or in the construction and modernisation of facilities. To best serve patient interests  it innovates constantly with new digital tools and by developing its organisations to improve efficiency of care.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter: https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaygds.frInvestor / Analyst Relations Press RelationsJérôme Brice Brigitte CachonTel. +33 1 87 86 21 88 Tel. +33 1 87 86 22 11Jerome.brice@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.19,0.54,True,English,"['RAMSAY SANTE', 'Quaterly', 'results', 'end', 'September', 'unaudited first quarter FY23 trading update', 'public service health undertakings', 'hundred local health centres', 'global patient pathway strategy', 'prior year corresponding period', 'Unaudited current operating profit', 'Ramsay Health Care Ltd', 'Cost controls measures', 'various government subsidies', 'additional €150m tranche', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'lower Covid-related subsidies', 'staff shortage challenges', 'last financial year', '2022 revenue guarantee decree', 'new digital tools', 'Safe, quality care', 'organic revenue growth', 'lower Covid subsidies', 'three months period', '9.8% total revenues growth', 'revenues organic growth', 'specialist care patients', 'integrated digi-physical care', 'The French Government', 'higher inflation conditions', 'many Covid patients', 'Ramsay Santé margins', 'RamsaySante Code ISIN', 'Nordic countries revenue', 'Unaudited turnover', 'Unaudited EBITDA', 'operating conditions', 'Mental Health', 'same period', 'patient interests', 'integrated care', 'three domains', 'current headwinds', 'clinical staff', 'current business', 'rechargeable revenue', 'English French', '10 million patients', 'new surgical', 'ambulatory care', 'proximity care', 'primary care', 'Follow-up Care', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'good dynamics', 'leading role', 'COVID pandemic', 'EBITDA decrease', 'ongoing shift', '2025 strategic plan', 'geographic footprint', 'financing structure', 'Fiducie Sureté', 'Pascal Roché', 'full contribution', 'strong activity', 'private hospitalisation', 'surgical specialities', 'imaging technologies', 'France revenue', 'The Group', 'recent acquisitions', 'Q1 FY22', 'medical purchases', 'high inflation', 'Euronext Paris', 'European leader', 'outpatient surgery', 'Nordics countries', '3 months', '5 countries', '10 November', 'basis', 'effects', 'efforts', '30 September', 'fight', 'Sweden', 'increase', 'Denmark', '31 December', 'amount', 'shortages', 'nursing', 'position', '10 entities', 'Scandinavia', 'benefits', 'integration', 'scope', 'services', 'parallel', 'end', 'information', 'announcement', 'July-September', 'course', 'geography', 'profitability', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '36,000 employees', '9,300 practitioners', '443 facilities', 'Norway', 'Italy', 'Medicine', 'Obstetrics', 'MSO', 'Rehabilitation', 'FCR', 'territories', 'priority', 'reference', 'state', 'recovery', 'ERAS', 'construction', 'modernisation', 'organisations', 'efficiency', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Website', 'Inve']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13036,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552673/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8090 £ 24.3875 Estimated MTD return -1.20 % -1.22 % Estimated YTD return -4.76 % -3.63 % Estimated ITD return 178.09 % 143.87 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 564 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.8431 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.0807The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Range', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '564 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13037,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552687/0/en/NANOBIOTIX-Reports-Updated-Phase-1-Anti-PD-1-Combination-Data-That-May-Support-the-Immune-Stimulation-Potential-of-Radioenhancer-NBTXR3-at-the-37th-Annual-Meeting-of-the-Society-fo.html,NANOBIOTIX Reports Updated Phase 1 Anti-PD-1 Combination Data That May Support the Immune Stimulation Potential of Radioenhancer NBTXR3 at the 37th Annual Meeting of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer,Data to be discussed during Nanobiotix Q3 Earnings Call at 8:00AM EST Data to be discussed during Nanobiotix Q3 Earnings Call at 8:00AM EST,Data show that radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 was feasible and well tolerated in the complete dose escalation part of the Company’s phase 1 immunotherapy study with a recommended phase 2 dose established at 33% of gross tumor volume in all 3 cohortsResults include 5 additional patients of 21 evaluable as of the data cutoff on 22 August 2022 and continue to suggest local control and immune stimulation regardless of prior anti-PD-1 exposureObjective reduction from baseline in all target lesions (“objective reduction”) was observed in 71.43% of evaluable patients (15/21) and objective reduction of more than 30% was observed in 42.86% of evaluable patients (9/21)Objective reduction was observed in 66.66% of evaluable patients with cancer resistant to anti-PD-1 (10/15)As of the cutoff  systemic disease control was durable and had sustained for more than 6 months in 38.10% of evaluable patients (8/21)PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced updated data from the Company’s phase 1 immunotherapy study  Study 1100. These data will be presented during the 37th Annual Meeting of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (“SITC”).“Immune checkpoint inhibitors such as anti-PD-1 are the backbone of cancer immunotherapy and expanding the benefits of these therapies to more patients by improving response rates is one of the most urgent challenges facing the oncology community today ” said Jared Weiss  MD  Professor  Medicine-Oncology at the University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center  and member of the Nanobiotix Scientific Advisory Board. “Novel combinations that can help to stimulate an immune response and overcome or circumvent resistance to immune checkpoint inhibitors could provide the key to unlocking the full potential of these life-saving therapeutics for larger groups of patients. I am encouraged by the early data we have reported on NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 both for patients naïve to prior anti-PD-1 therapy and for those whose cancer was resistant to anti-PD-1 and look forward to further evaluation of the radioenhancer for patients with recurrent and/or metastatic cancers.”NBTXR3 Activated By Radiotherapy In Combination With Nivolumab Or Pembrolizumab In Patients With Advanced Cancers: Results From An Ongoing Dose Escalation Phase I Trial — Abstract #684Summary of Updated DataReported data included 28 patients  with 21 evaluable for early signs of efficacy at the data cutoff on 22 August 2022. Treatment remained feasible and well-tolerated  with a safety profile consistent with expectations from stereotactic body radiation therapy (“SBRT”; “RT”) followed by anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors.Objective reduction from baseline in target lesions (“objective reduction”) was observed in 71.43% of evaluable patients (15/21). 42.86% of evaluable patients (9/21) showed objective reduction greater than 30%. 71.43% of evaluable patients (15/21) had cancer resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure and tumor regression was observed in 66.66% of these patients (10/15).As of the data cutoff  systemic disease control was durable and had sustained for more than 6 months in 38.10% of evaluable patients (8/21). Delayed objective reduction has been observed in several patients  suggesting the potential for anti-cancer immune activity over time.The recommended phase 2 dose (“RP2D”) of RT-activated NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 was established at 33% of gross tumor volume in all 3 cohorts at the completion of the Study 1100 dose escalation part. The dose expansion part of the study is ongoing in the United States (“US”)  with a protocol amended for robust evaluation of RT-activated NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 in patients with locoregional recurrent (“LRR”) or recurrent and/or metastatic (“R/M”) head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (“HNSCC”) that is either naïve or resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure.The Company plans to submit a registrational phase 3 protocol for the evaluation of RT-activated NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 in patients with LRR or R/M HNSCC resistant to anti-PD-1 to the US Food and Drug Administration in the first quarter of 2023.Conference Call InformationThe updated data to be presented at SITC will be discussed during a conference call and live audio webcast on Thursday  November 10  2022  at 8:00 AM ET / 2:00 PM CET.The live webcast of the call may be accessed by visiting the investors section of the company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. Participants may register for the call here. They will be able to join the call via dial-in or one-click dial-out. The Company recommends that participants join 10 minutes prior to the start of the call.A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the company's website.About Study 1100Study 1100 is a phase 1  multicenter  dose escalation and dose expansion study in the United States. The complete dose escalation part included three cohorts: (i) locoregional recurrent (LRR) or R/M HNSCC amenable to reirradiation of the head and neck; (ii) lung metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1; (iii) liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1. Patients received a single intratumoral injection of NBTXR3 prior to their first session of stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT). Patients were treated with pembrolizumab (Keytruda®) or nivolumab (Opdivo®) after completion of SBRT. A recommended phase 2 dose for all three cohorts was established at 33% of gross tumor volume.The dose expansion part of Study 1100 is now ongoing with a protocol amended for robust evaluation of NBTXR3 plus anti-PD-1 in patients with LRR or R/M HNSCC that is either naïve to prior anti-PD-1 exposure or resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure. The protocol includes three amended cohorts: (i) LRR or R/M HNSCC amenable to reirradiation that is resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure; (ii) LRR or R/M HNSCC amenable to reirradiation that is naïve to prior anti-PD-1 exposure; and (iii) non-small cell lung cancer  malignant melanoma  hepatocellular carcinoma  renal cell carcinoma  urothelial cancer  cervical cancer  triple-negative breast cancer that has metastasized to soft tissues  lung metastases  or liver metastases that is resistant to prior anti-PD-1 exposure.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored phase I dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy; and a phase III global registrational study was launched in 2021. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the phase III study.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company-sponsored phase I clinical study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC  or lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a strategic collaboration strategy with world class partners to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several phase I and phase II studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations.About NANOBIOTIX:Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterDisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “at this time ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “can ” “could ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “is designated to ” “may ” “might ” “on track ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ” “shall ” “should ” “scheduled ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the timing and progress of clinical trials  the timing of our presentation of data  the results of our preclinical and clinical studies and their potential implications. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data notwithstanding positive early clinical results; the risks associated with the evolving nature of the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental and regulatory measures implemented in response to it; the risk that the EIB may accelerate the loans under finance contract and its amendment upon the occurrence of customary events of default; the risk that Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all; the risk that Company may not be able to expand its product pipeline by developing NBTXR3 in additional indications  including in combination with I-O treatment;. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 8  2022 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 8  2022  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com )  as well as those set forth in the half-year financial report filed with the AMF on September 28  2022  may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentKate McNeilSVP  Investor Relations+1 (609) 678-7388investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations FR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.04,0.53,True,English,"['Anti-PD-1 Combination Data', 'Immune Stimulation Potential', '37th Annual Meeting', 'NANOBIOTIX Reports', 'Radioenhancer NBTXR3', 'Phase 1', 'Society', 'Immunotherapy', 'Cancer', 'North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center', 'Ongoing Dose Escalation Phase I Trial', 'complete dose escalation part', 'stereotactic body radiation therapy', 'Nanobiotix Scientific Advisory Board', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Study 1100 dose escalation part', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'dose expansion part', '37th Annual Meeting', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'anti-cancer immune activity', 'gross tumor volume', 'systemic disease control', 'registrational phase 3 protocol', 'live audio webcast', 'phase 1 immunotherapy study', 'Conference Call Information', 'prior anti-PD-1 exposure', 'phase 2 dose', 'immune stimulation', 'immune response', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'local control', 'tumor regression', 'live webcast', 'cancer immunotherapy', 'Objective reduction', 'target lesions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'response rates', 'urgent challenges', 'oncology community', 'Jared Weiss', 'Novel combinations', 'life-saving therapeutics', 'larger groups', 'Advanced Cancers', 'early signs', 'safety profile', 'United States', 'Drug Administration', 'first quarter', 'investors section', 'radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'RT-activated NBTXR3', 'The Company', 'early data', '5 additional patients', 'evaluable patients', 'treatment possibilities', 'full potential', 'metastatic cancers', 'several patients', 'locoregional recurrent', 'R/M HNSCC', 'US Food', 'data cutoff', 'robust evaluation', 'Updated Data', '28 patients', '3 cohorts', 'Results', '22 August', 'baseline', '6 months', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'Society', 'SITC', 'backbone', 'benefits', 'MD', 'Professor', 'Medicine-Oncology', 'University', 'member', 'resistance', 'key', 'radioenhancer', 'Nivolumab', 'Pembrolizumab', 'Abstract', 'Summary', 'efficacy', 'expectations', 'SBRT', 'time', 'RP2D', 'completion', 'LRR', 'head', 'neck', 'Thursday', 'November', '8:00 AM', '2:00 PM', 'website', 'Participants', 'start', 'replay', 'conclusion', 'multicenter']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13038,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553580/0/en/Acceleration-of-revenue-growth-in-Q3-2022.html,Acceleration of revenue growth in Q3 2022,PRESS RELEASE     Loudéac  10 November 2022             Acceleration of revenue growth in Q3 2022     Resilience of the model demonstrated in a......,"French EnglishPRESS RELEASELoudéac  10 November 2022Acceleration of revenue growth in Q3 2022Resilience of the model demonstrated in a demanding environmentQ3 2022 revenue: €33.9m  up 20% (+13% organic)Revenue at 30 September 2022: €95.4m  up 19% (+9% organic)All business segments showed double-digit growth in Q3 2022WINFARM (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF)  the number one French distance seller for the farming industry  today reported its revenue for Q3 2022 and for the first nine months of 2022.Q3 9M in €m  unaudited 2021 2022 Chg. Chg. organic1 2021 2022 Chg. Chg. organic1 Farming supplies 25.1 29.8 +19% +11% 71.6 85.0 +19% +8% Farming nutrition 2.7 3.5 +29% +29% 7.5 9.0 +20% +20% Other2 0.4 0.6 +30% +29% 1.2 1.4 +15% +9% TOTAL 28.3 33.9 +20% +13% 80.3 95.4 +19% +9%Patrice Etienne  Chairman-Chief Executive Officer and founder of WINFARM  said: ""Our results are on track again in the third quarter. The quality of the solutions we provide to farmers is a key asset underpinning the resilience of our model. Our food supplement products for livestock in particular helped farmers to deal with the drought during the summer  which reduced the amount of fodder available. Today  the breadth of our ranges and their availability in a context where most other players have been faced with shortages are key factors in structuring a lasting relationship with our customers.”At 30 September 2022  consolidated revenue rose by 19% to €95.4m  representing organic growth of 9% excluding the integration of the Kabelis companies acquired in July 2022. This level of activity at 30 September 2022 represents 88% of the revenue generated in full-year 2021  confirming positive sales momentum in the third quarter  after a successful first half of the year.Consolidated Q3 2022 revenue came to €33.9m  up 20% versus Q3 2021. In organic terms  revenue grew by a strong 13%. WINFARM benefited over the quarter from strong momentum across the board  with all of its businesses recording double-digit growth over the period.The Farming Supplies business (88% of revenue for the quarter)  whose products are marketed under the Vital Concept brand  made revenue of €29.8m  up 19% compared with Q3 2021 (+11% organic). This performance is all the more remarkable given the demanding environment caused by persistent inflation in raw material prices  even if it has eased in recent months. In order to minimise the impact on its business  WINFARM anticipated this price pressure at an early stage by building stocks in certain items and successfully passing on purchase price increases over the months without losing customers.The Farming Nutrition business (10% of revenue for the quarter)  whose products are marketed under the Alphatech brand  made revenue of €3.5m  representing sharp organic growth of 29%. The performance of export solutions continued to drive the Group's results.ACQUISITION OF KABELIS IN FRANCEDuring Q3  WINFARM announced the acquisition of the KABELIS companies specialised in landscaping and green space development  creating a French champion on this market and the largest player in the Grand Ouest region.Founded in 2007  KABELIS specialised in fertilisers  seeds  services for local authorities  horticulture  golf courses  sports grounds  etc. and became the leading French player in landscaping and green space development.This second acquisition since the IPO  after that of BTN de Haas in the Netherlands in 2021  sees WINFARM forge ahead with the implementation of the roadmap it announced during its IPO at the end of 2020  combining organic growth and acquisitions to become a key player in the upstream agriculture sector in Europe.CONTINUED GROWTH EXPECTED IN Q4 2022Having demonstrated its ability to continue generating strong business growth during the first nine months of the year  despite a demanding environment  by offering customers solutions that contribute to operational performance and competitiveness  WINFARM is confident that it will continue to grow in Q4 2022.In the longer term  the Group reiterates its revenue target for 2025 of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of around 6.5%. It expects to achieve half of this acceleration in growth through organic growth and half through external growth.About WINFARMFounded in Loudéac  in the heart of Brittany  in the early 1990s  WINFARM is now the French leader in distance selling for the agricultural world. WINFARM offers farmers and breeders comprehensive  unique and integrated solutions to help them meet the new technological  economic  environmental and social challenges of the next generation of agriculture. With a vast catalogue of more than 15 500 product references (seeds  phytosanitary  harvesting products  etc.)  two-thirds of which are own brands  WINFARM has more than 44 500 customers in France and Belgium.WINFARM generated revenue in 2021 of €108m. By 2025  WINFARM aims to achieve revenue of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of about 6.5%.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company: www.winfarm-group.comContacts:WINFARM investisseurs@winfarm-group.com ACTIFIN  financial communications Benjamin LEHARI+33 (0)1 56 88 11 11winfarm@actifin.fr ACTIFIN  financial press relations Jennifer JULLIA +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19 jjullia@actifin.fr1 Like-for-like basis: excluding the consolidation of Kabelis group companies in 2022 revenue2 Revenue from farming advisory services (under the Agritech brand) and experimental farm activities (under the Bel Orient brand)Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['revenue growth', 'Acceleration', 'Q3', 'number one French distance seller', 'new technological, economic, environmental', 'The Farming Supplies business', 'Chg. organic1 Farming supplies', 'The Farming Nutrition business', 'Chairman-Chief Executive Officer', 'most other players', 'raw material prices', 'green space development', 'Grand Ouest region', 'BTN de Haas', 'positive sales momentum', 'Vital Concept brand', 'purchase price increases', 'first nine months', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'leading French player', 'successful first half', 'upstream agriculture sector', 'food supplement products', 'strong business growth', 'sharp organic growth', 'Consolidated Q3 2022 revenue', 'farming industry', 'strong momentum', 'French English', 'business segments', 'French champion', 'French leader', 'price pressure', 'Alphatech brand', 'largest player', 'key player', 'recent months', 'organic terms', 'double-digit growth', 'CONTINUED GROWTH', 'external growth', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Loudéac', 'demanding environment', 'Patrice Etienne', 'key asset', 'key factors', 'lasting relationship', 'persistent inflation', 'early stage', 'local authorities', 'golf courses', 'sports grounds', 'longer term', 'EBITDA margin', 'early 1990s', 'agricultural world', 'comprehensive, unique', 'social challenges', 'next generation', 'vast catalogue', '15,500 product references', 'PEA PME', 'harvesting products', 'revenue growth', 'Kabelis companies', 'export solutions', 'integrated solutions', 'third quarter', 'second acquisition', 'operational performance', 'revenue target', '10 November', 'Acceleration', 'Resilience', 'model', '30 September', 'WINFARM', 'ticker', 'ALWF', 'TOTAL', 'founder', 'results', 'track', 'quality', 'farmers', 'livestock', 'drought', 'summer', 'amount', 'fodder', 'breadth', 'ranges', 'availability', 'context', 'shortages', 'customers', 'integration', 'July', 'level', 'activity', 'full-year', 'board', 'businesses', 'period', 'order', 'impact', 'stocks', 'items', 'Group', 'FRANCE', 'landscaping', 'market', 'fertilisers', 'seeds', 'services', 'horticulture', 'IPO', 'Netherlands', 'implementation', 'roadmap', 'end', 'acquisitions', 'Europe', 'Q4', 'competitiveness', 'heart', 'Brittany', 'breeders', 'phytosanitary', 'two-thirds', 'brands', 'Belgium', 'company', '€', '2025']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13039,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2553486/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-and-GSK-s-next-generation-COVID-19-booster-vaccine-VidPrevtyn-Beta-approved-by-the-European-Commission.html,Press Release: Sanofi and GSK’s next-generation COVID-19 booster vaccine VidPrevtyn® Beta approved by the European Commission,Sanofi and GSK’s next-generation COVID-19 booster vaccine VidPrevtyn® Beta approved by the European Commission    First and only next-generation......,English FrenchSanofi and GSK’s next-generation COVID-19 booster vaccine VidPrevtyn® Beta approved by the European CommissionFirst and only next-generation protein-based adjuvanted COVID-19 booster approved in EuropeStrong immune response against all tested variants of concernReady to supply for fall-winter COVID-19 vaccination campaigns in EuropeParis  November 10  2022. After the European Medicines Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) adopted a positive opinion for VidPrevtyn® Beta  the vaccine was approved by the European Commission  as a booster for the prevention of COVID-19 in adults 18 years of age and older. Designed to provide broad protection against multiple variants  the protein-based COVID-19 booster vaccine is based on the Beta variant antigen and includes GSK’s pandemic adjuvant. VidPrevtyn Beta is indicated as a booster for active immunization against SARS_CoV_2 in adults who have previously received an mRNA or adenoviral COVID vaccine. Shipments of VidPrevtyn Beta are ready to be distributed to European countries as per Advance Purchase Agreements.Thomas TriompheExecutive Vice President  Vaccines  Sanofi“Today’s approval validates our research in developing a novel solution for the COVID-19 pandemic. As we’re ready to start first shipments  VidPrevtyn Beta will be an important new option to protect populations against multiple strains of COVID-19.”Philip DormitzerGlobal Head of Research and Development Vaccines  GSK“This EC approval is an important step in providing further vaccine solutions to Europe for the coming winter. Our protein-based  adjuvanted vaccine candidate has the potential to make an important contribution to public health as the pandemic evolves further.”In registration studies  carried out at times when Omicron strains were predominantly circulating  the vaccine induced a strong immune response against multiple variants. Registration studies included a Phase 3 primary efficacy trial (VAT08 Stage 2) and two separate immunogenicity studies  including one comparative study with approved mRNA booster as comparatori ii.About VidPrevtyn BetaVidPrevtyn Beta is a monovalent  recombinant-protein next-generation COVID-19 vaccine developed by Sanofi  modelled on the Beta variant and including GSK’s pandemic adjuvant. The same recombinant-protein technology is used in Sanofi’s approved seasonal flu vaccines. Next-generation COVID-19 vaccines are based on a variant-adapted approach  using a strain other than the parental strain of SARS-CoV-2 (D614 strain).About COVIBOOST Immunogenicity & Safety StudyThe independent COVIBOOST (VAT013) study conducted by the Assistance Publique – Hôpitaux de Paris (AP-HP) investigated VidPrevtyn Beta following primary vaccination with two doses of Pfizer-BioNTech’s Comirnaty vaccine (BNT162b2). VidPrevtyn Beta generated a higher immune response (as measured by neutralizing antibody titers) than Pfizer-BioNTech’s booster or the Sanofi-GSK first-generation booster  both of which target the original D614 parent strain. In this study  which included 247 adult subjects (18-73 years-old)  all three vaccines also elicited neutralizing antibodies against the Omicron BA.1 variant  with highest responses generated by the Sanofi-GSK next-generation candidate  one month after injection. VidPrevtyn Beta also elicited around 2.5 times more neutralizing antibodies against Omicron BA.1 and  in an exploratory analysis  against BA.4 / BA.5 strains than mRNA COVID-19 booster comparator.About the VAT02 Immunogenicity & Safety StudyImmunogenicity studies included VAT02 Cohort 2 and COVIBOOST which evaluated the booster formulation modelled on the Beta variant and including GSK’s pandemic adjuvant. In the Phase 3 VAT02 Cohort 2 study  the vaccine induced (at day 15 following booster vaccination) a significant boost in antibody titers above baseline against multiple variants of concern (13-fold increase against D614 parent virus  34-fold increase against the COVID-19 Beta strain) in 18-55 years-old adults previously primed with mRNA COVID-19 vaccines. In the VAT02 cohort 2 study  reactions were mostly mild to moderate  transient and self resolutive.About the VAT08 Stage 2 Efficacy & Safety StudyThe VAT08 Phase 3 Stage 2 study is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial investigating primary vaccination with a bivalent COVID-19 vaccine containing both parental (D614) and Beta strains. The results showed a 64.7% efficacy against symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection in adults  regardless of their SARS-CoV-2 infection status prior to vaccination  and 75.1% efficacy in participants previously infected with SARS-CoV-2. This study was the first ever to report efficacy data in an Omicron environment.Across all the above-mentioned studies  the Sanofi-GSK bivalent next-generation vaccine candidate was well-tolerated  with an acceptable safety profile.About BARDA supportResearch and development for VidPrevtyn are supported by U.S. federal funds from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA)  Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under Contract # HHSO100201600005I  and in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Defense Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical  Biological  Radiological and Nuclear Defense under Contract # W15QKN-16-9-1002  and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID).About the Sanofi and GSK partnershipIn the collaboration between the two companies  Sanofi provides its recombinant antigen and will be the marketing authorization holder. GSK contributes with its pandemic adjuvant  both established vaccine platforms that have proven successful against influenza.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri | +1 617 764 6418 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.i https://www.sanofi.com/en/media-room/press-releases/2022/2022-06-24-05-29-02-2468538ii https://www.sanofi.com/en/media-room/press-releases/2022/2022-06-13-05-30-00-2460833Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.21,0.28,True,English,"['next-generation COVID-19 booster vaccine', 'Press Release', 'VidPrevtyn® Beta', 'European Commission', 'Sanofi', 'GSK', 'Thomas Triomphe Executive Vice President', 'monovalent, recombinant-protein next-generation COVID-19 vaccine', 'Sanofi-GSK bivalent next-generation vaccine candidate', 'The VAT08 Phase 3 Stage 2 study', 'next-generation protein-based adjuvanted COVID-19 booster', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial', 'U.S. federal funds', 'protein-based, adjuvanted vaccine candidate', 'fall-winter COVID-19 vaccination campaigns', 'Phase 3 primary efficacy trial', 'original D614 parent strain', 'next-generation COVID-19 booster vaccine', 'Phase 3 VAT02 Cohort 2 study', 'mRNA COVID-19 booster comparator', 'Sanofi-GSK next-generation candidate', 'two separate immunogenicity studies', 'bivalent COVID-19 vaccine', 'same recombinant-protein technology', 'Next-generation COVID-19 vaccines', 'D614 parent virus', 'Sanofi-GSK first-generation booster', 'Strong immune response', 'Advance Purchase Agreements', 'Hôpitaux de', 'higher immune response', 'VAT08 Stage 2 Efficacy', 'one comparative study', 'important new option', 'seasonal flu vaccines', 'European Medicines Agency', 'acceptable safety profile', 'mRNA COVID-19 vaccines', 'symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection', 'SARS-CoV-2 infection status', 'COVID-19 Beta strain', 'adenoviral COVID vaccine', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'Beta variant antigen', '18-55 years-old adults', 'Omicron BA.1 variant', 'D614 strain', 'VAT02 Immunogenicity', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'mRNA booster', 'two doses', 'primary vaccination', 'vaccine solutions', 'Comirnaty vaccine', 'booster vaccination', 'Safety Study', 'booster formulation', 'important step', 'important contribution', 'three vaccines', 'European Commission', 'European countries', 'Omicron strains', 'Omicron environment', 'registration studies', 'efficacy data', 'COVIBOOST Immunogenicity', 'Beta strains', 'VidPrevtyn® Beta', 'VidPrevtyn Beta', 'English French', 'Medicinal Products', 'Human Use', 'positive opinion', 'broad protection', 'active immunization', 'novel solution', 'multiple strains', 'Philip Dormitzer', 'Global Head', 'Development Vaccines', 'coming winter', 'public health', 'variant-adapted approach', 'Assistance Publique', 'antibody titers', '247 adult subjects', 'highest responses', 'exploratory analysis', 'BA.5 strains', 'significant boost', '34-fold increase', 'parental strain', 'pandemic adjuvant', 'multiple variants', 'support Research', 'independent COVIBOOST', 'Development Authority', 'first shipments', 'EC approval', '3) study', '64.7% efficacy', '75.1% efficacy', 'BA.4', 'concern', 'Paris', 'November', 'Committee', 'CHMP', 'prevention', '18 years', 'SARS_CoV_2', 'populations', 'potential', 'times', 'comparatori', 'AP-HP', 'Pfizer-BioNTech', 'antibodies', 'injection', 'day', 'baseline', 'reactions', 'results', 'participants', 'BARDA', 'Adminis']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13040,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/geojunxion-nv-ticker-gojxn-financial-070000596.html,GeoJunxion NV (ticker: GOJXN.AS) - Financial & Business update Q1 (July - September) 2022/23,Key Facts: 102% revenue growth for Q1 2022/23 compared to the same period in 2021/22;10% reduction in Net Operational Expenses (OPEX) for Q1 2022/23 compared to the same period in 2021/22;EBITDA and EBT positive in Q1 2022/23 by respectively €875 K and €565 K…,"GeoJunxion N.V.Key Facts:102 % revenue growth for Q1 2022/23 compared to the same period in 2021/22;10% reduction in Net Operational Expenses ( OPEX ) for Q1 2022/23 compared to the same period in 2021/22;EBITDA and EBT positive in Q1 2022/23 by respectively €875 K and €565 K;Net Profit after tax of €448 K in Q1 2022/23  compared to a Net Loss of €155 K in Q1 of 2021/22.Capelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands  10 November 2022  GeoJunxion announces to have doubled Q1 revenue (versus Q1 2021-22) and realized a profit after taxes of €448 K for the first quarter of the 2022/23 accounting year.GeoJunxion CEO Ivo Vleeschouwers: ""We are excited with the progress in the first quarter of the financial year. We had an exceptional order intake for Location Intelligence Services compared to the same period last year. Moreover  we expect the top line to continue its growth on a full year basis.""The current financial year covers the 12 months period from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023. The first quarter of this financial year covers the period from 1 July to 30 September 2022.In the first quarter  GeoJunxion’s business showed a very strong performance: Revenue doubled (+102%) compared to the same quarter of the previous financial year. Order intake was more than 6 times bigger than the value in Q1 last year. In this extremely positive first quarter of FY 2022/23  we booked orders for a value higher than during the entire accounting year 2021-22. Operational expenses reduced by 10% YoY. The operating result  the result before tax and the Net Profit all turned to positive numbers. The cash flow for the quarter was negative by €388 K  as this metric lags revenue generation by approximately 2 months. This cash out is expected to be recovered during Q2 when the open receivable will be collected.The main driver for the growth in the current accounting quarter is our Location Intelligence Service. As announced in August  we won significant new contracts. The execution of these projects absorbed most of the company’s resources during the quarter and is still on-going.Story continuesFINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Q1 2022/23 (July–September) vs SAME PERIOD 2021/22102 % revenue growth for Q1 2022/23 compared to the same period in 2021/22;10% reduction in Net Operational Expenses ( OPEX ) for Q1 2022/23 compared to the same period in 2021/22;Operating Profit of €644 K for Q1 2022/23  compared to an Operating Loss of €125 K in Q1 of 2021/22;EBITDA and EBT positive in Q1 2022/23 by respectively €875 K and €565 K;Net Profit after tax of €448 K in Q1 2022/23  compared to a Net Loss of €155 K in Q1 of 2021/22.OUTLOOK FOR THE ACCOUNTING YEAR 2022-2023Despite the uncertainty pictured by the European Central Bank in their September economic outlook  GeoJunxion expects the top line to continue its growth by 25 to 30% for the full year 2022-2023 compared to 2021-22. This expectation is built on orders booked in the first quarter of 2022-23 and a promising pipeline of opportunities. As a result of inflationary pressure and growing staff costs to deliver revenues  we expect our full year cost base to increase by 5 to 10%. GeoJunxion is reasonably confident to convert the above-mentioned guidance into positive EBITDA and EBIT at break-even  or close to that  for this financial year. On this basis  cash flow is also expected to be positive for the full accounting year 2022-23.OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS AND STRATEGY UPDATEStrategy UpdateGeoJunxion’s strategy remains focused on creating “map agnostic” data products: digital geo-localized content  designed to be fully integrated into or overlaid on any commercial or open-source maps  or to be utilised in developing smart solutions for a large variety of use cases  in different industries and market sectors.This strategy has proven itself  as it delivered year-on-year growth of +40% during the last 36 months. We will therefore continue to diligently execute on this strategy and expand the scope of our existing product portfolio.GeoJunxion’s activities are directed towards establishing long-term relationships with our customers  through the creation of recurring business models rather than one-off opportunities. Although the relationship with clients frequently starts with a proof-of-concept or a custom one-off project  most of the Company’s efforts go into building value-added  dynamic content  requiring continuous and frequent updates to maintain and increase their value over time. This means that most of our proof-of-concept and one-off projects are a launch-pad for establishing a service or license contract  converting the initial activities into a recurring  more predictable and sustainable business model.When executing projects  GeoJunxion typically also retains the Intellectual Property and ownership of the newly developed datasets and solutions  which can be subsequently resold to other customers. Thereby  leveraging the initial investment and creating a virtuous business cycle.Our mission remains focused on improving road safety and contributing to a more sustainable world  reducing the impact on the environment through intelligent solutions enabling more environmentally conscious decisions.Central to GeoJunxion’s strategy are:Cost effective research  sourcing  production  ingestion  and aggregation of geodata.Flexible licensing models at competitive pricing.Direct delivery of dynamic  up-to-date content via APIs.Highly customised solutions and content creation.Market DevelopmentsWhile clear signs of improvement were showing in some industry sectors  the conflict in Ukraine and its direct and indirect consequences brought new concerns in the market. Existing and perspective customers continue to pay great attention to all their expenditures. GeoJunxion has no direct material business exposure to the events in Ukraine. We have no active customers  or deliveries due to  or to be received from Ukraine or Russia. GeoJunxion is however exposed to rising inflation rates  resulting from increased energy and other raw material prices. This is likely to have an impact on the salary & benefit expenses of our staff in the near future.All the above said  the demand for location-aware content is still increasing in various industries and markets despite the general concerns on the health of the global economy.The largest market opportunity for GeoJunxion remains  by far  with big Tech Companies  making extensive use of geo-localized data for their business and end-user solutions. In this sector we dedicated most of the project execution efforts during the first quarter of the financial year 2022/23. However  it also has interesting opportunities in the pipeline to be explored during the coming months.In automotive we see growing opportunities with the adoption of advanced driver-assistance systems  such as ISA (Intelligent Speed Assistance). There is also a growing demand for more cost-effective mapping solutions while providing the most up-to-date and relevant data content. Premium data content towards safety on the road and environmental sustainability remain our major interest and focus of development.GeoJunxion also believes that other opportunities will be identified in markets traditionally consuming geo-localized data such as Transport & Logistics  Real Estate  Geo-Marketing  Business Analysis  Travel & Tourism  as well as with the Public Administration.Business DevelopmentIn Q1 (July to September) 2022-23  the Location Intelligence Services have played  once again  a fundamental role in our business development. We completed the execution of tailor-made Location Intelligence contracts  won during the previous quarters and started with the execution of newly won projects. These new contracts will continue to convert into revenue during the second quarter as well.During the quarter  our Sales and Business development teams attended various events in person and remotely  to promote GeoJunxion’s brand  products and services:GeoJunxion was present at the State of The Map (SoTM) 2022 in Florence (Italy) with our Head of Sales and Marketing  Arjan Spigt  and CBO  Francesco Altamura. State of the Map is the annual event for all mappers and OpenStreetMap users. The State of the Map conference was a three-day hybrid conference where our people had the opportunity to meet with various potential partners and clients. It also offered the opportunity to share opinions about future development in the field of geo-localized data and location intelligence technology.In September  our Head of R&D  Johannes Smits  attended  the ITS World Congress in Los Angeles  as a speaker In July  we announced a partnership with the Dutch Red Cross  providing a custom-made digital map to assist first-aid responders to quickly find and get to the precise location in case of an emergency at the Zwarte Cross  a 4-day Dutch festival. The Red Cross was present with hundreds of volunteers  to supervise an area of 2 800 000 m2 and about 220 000 visitors. This makes it the biggest Dutch event and requires a high safety standard. The Red Cross has been partnering with the Zwarte Cross for many years. GeoJunxion developed the digital map of the area with all relevant Points of Interest (POI)  such as entrances  campgrounds  stages  and all the Red Cross first aid locations. On top of the Outdoor Venue Plan of the event area  GeoJunxion created a grid to help the volunteers to identify the precise locations. In case of an emergency  the volunteers receive the grid location of the emergency place and are guided to this location on their mobile device. In this way  they can easily find and navigate to the emergency location and intervene quickly.At the end of July  GeoJunxion announced also to have signed a NDW framework agreement with Royal HaskoningDHV  together with 11 other partners. This consortium was created to deliver traffic data from non-road systems such as Probe Vehicle Data  Floating Car Data and crowd-sourced data. The National Data Portal for Road Traffic (NDW) will use the contract to supply traffic data from navigation systems  vehicles and mobile apps  among other things. In addition  the consortium will be given the opportunity to offer complete services based on that traffic data. The data supply and services relate to new methods for traffic management  asset management  traffic safety analyses and evaluations. The use of Floating Car Data  Probe Vehicle Data and crowd-sourced data is central to applying data science and advanced analytics.Product DevelopmentSchool Safety ZonesThe quarter from July to September is the one when students return to school across Europe and around the World. This means that more vehicles and vulnerable pedestrians are on the road on weekdays. Increased traffic and density of pedestrians in certain areas can also increase the risk of collisions between vehicles and children or their relatives commuting to/from school.European statistics  global and for each individual Country  confirm that thousands of accidents happen during schooldays close to schools  with serious consequences and injuries. Such accidents often involve car or bike drivers failing to recognize the vulnerable pedestrians on the road. Most of these accidents occur as children are getting on/off buses or crossing intersections near the school. The root causes are various: when drivers are speeding  driving recklessly or distracted and weather conditions may worsen those risky behaviors.To prevent similar situations  certain countries started adopting and enforcing School Safety Zones by law. Speed limits through those areas  during school hours  are often limited to encouraging drivers to slow down and pay more attention to children and pedestrians. In other cases  areas may be completely closed to traffic. Drivers who are caught speeding in school zones or entering areas closed to traffic are subject to severe penalties and fines.Unfortunately  not many Countries in Europe adopted these solutions. Even in cases where such limitations are in force  the decision of adopting and implementing such solutions is left to local Municipalities. The result is that we still lack wide adoption of School Safety Zones to protect children from (deadly) accidents.For this reasons GeoJunxion decided to build and maintain up to date a unique database of School Safety Zones  including those defined and enforced by local Municipalities  as well as hundreds of thousands of areas created through proprietary algorithms  taking in consideration the location of the schools  bus stops  zebra crossing  dangerous road intersections and many other parameters.Eco Alert ZonesIn parallel with the efforts on the School Safety Zones  GeoJunxion has continued the real-time maintenance of the Eco Alert Zones  which are continuously increasing in number. While at the beginning of 2022 the total number of environmental areas encoded in the EAZ data suite was about 2500  as of today it exceeds 2750  with an increase of 10% in less than a year. This confirms the relevance of this type of data and the strategic decision to have invested in such a development.Custom project executionAs already remarked  however  the biggest challenge this past quarter was to execute the custom project for a global Tech Company. That project required a significant scale up of our resources  mainly in Operations. This has been achieved during the summer period  when  usually  limited resources are available. This is an additional reason to be proud of the efforts made and satisfied with the results achieved. The GeoJunxion team showed great adaptability and flexibility: this allowed the company to promptly react to the client’s request and timely made partial deliveries  despite the extensive scope and the challenging deadlines.Automotive product developmentOn the R&D side  the product development was focused on continuing the development and refinement of new data for the unnamed Infotainment System Manufacturer. The partnership together with this important Tier 1 manufacturer in the Automotive Industry is strengthening month-over-month. This is in line with our Company's strategy  starting with custom Proof of Concepts converted and expanded step by step into bigger projects  aiming to build a long strategic partnership.ORDER INTAKEThe order intake for the first quarter of this financial year 2022/23 (July-September 2022) showed an increase of more than 6 times compared with the same period of the previous year  thanks to the big Location Intelligence Contract announced early August. The value of orders booked in this remarkable first quarter of FY 2022/23  exceeded the total order intake during the entire financial year 2021-22.REVENUEIn Q1 2022-23  revenue increased by +102%  doubling the amount realized during the same quarter last year.GeoJunxion tracks its revenue by product type and by the nature of the underlying contract (recurring versus non-recurring). The main revenue growth has been realized in non-recurring location services  but also the recurring revenue from licenses and royalties showed an increase. The recurring service revenue showed a reduction  primarily due to the timing of the project execution. This will be caught up during Q2 2022-23. Recurring service revenue includes the updating services of our Eco Alert Zones product and other data products. The non-recurring service revenue includes tailored research and collection of data sets and creation of geo-located content.OPERATING RESULTThe Q1 2022-23 operating result showed a profit €644K  compared to a loss of €125K during the same quarter last year. There are three main drivers for this year over year improvement:A very strong increase in revenue: +€691K (+102% YoY)A decrease in operational expenses: -€15K (2% YoY). This primarily resulting from lower personnel expenses (-24K) linked to the December 2021 restructuring  lower other operating expenses (-€24K)  linked to diligent cost saving measures and organizational structure simplification. These savings are partially offset by higher depreciation  and amortisation costs (+€21).Higher Capitalized development costs +€24K (+22%) due to ongoing investments in new products and coverage extension of existing products.ORGANIZATIONGeoJunxion has received Level 2 certification on Social Entrepreneurship: the Prestatieladder Socialer Ondernemen. This independent assessment showed that GeoJunxion offers high-quality employment to people who have difficulty accessing the labor market and collaborates with like-minded organizations. With this certification  GeoJunxion provides an above-average contribution in the field of social entrepreneurship in a sustainable way.FINANCIAL POSITIONGeoJunxion continues to make great progress in turning its business around from a digital map supplier to a premium location content and location intelligence service provider with a subscription based  recurring “data as a service” revenue model. The results reported for Q1 2022-23 with growing revenue and a net profit for the quarter  are evidence of this progress. Based on our current outlook  the available cash on hand is estimated to be sufficient to cover our operational requirements for at least the next 12 months.APPOINTMENT OF EXTERNAL AUDITORWith the 2021-22 Annual Accounts recently published and strong Q1 2022-23 results in hand  we are starting another round of consultations reaching out to OOB/PIE licensed auditing firms in the Netherlands. In the past two years  we have consistently delivered results  showing a continuous growth YoY  in accordance with our guidance. We have significantly reduced the Group’s complexity and  consequently  the inherent risks. We believe that our position is stronger and more persuasive. Therefore  we will re-engage auditing firms with renewed energy and determination  with the goal to secure a statutory auditor for the current and subsequent accounting years.RISK MANAGEMENTRisk management is an integral managerial task. Our risk management and control procedures take into consideration the size of the company and the character of the business to identify the most significant risks which the company is exposed to. The risks identified are discussed on a periodical basis and mitigated or fully resolved  where possible. Such a system cannot provide absolute certainty that objectives will be realized. Neither can it guarantee prevention of potential cases of material mistakes  damage  fraud  or breaches of statutory laws.The 2021-22 annual report  as published on 27 October 2022  describes the primary strategic  operational  and financial risks. The risks and uncertainties described in the annual report are relevant and are deemed incorporated and repeated by reference in this report. There were no cases of material damage  fraud or breaches of law detected since issuing the Annual Accounts.On the Social aspect  we continue to pay particular attention on preventive actions to limit exposure of our people to Covid-19  encouraging and supporting smart working from home  combined with making the best use of our office space to facilitate personal contact and create an optimal work environment. Our people are our key assets  and we do whatever we can to keep them safe and healthy.BOARD OF MANAGEMENT STATEMENTThe Board of Management hereby declares that  to the best of its knowledge  the summarized Q1 (July – September 2022) interim consolidated financial statements  drawn up in accordance with IAS 34 “Interim financial reporting”  represents a faithful rendering of the assets  liabilities  financial position  profit and cash flow of GeoJunxion NV and its subsidiary as stated in the consolidated financial statements  and that the Board Report  as included in this Interim Financial statements  represents a faithful rendering of the information required in relation to item 5:25d subs 8 and 9 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act.GROUP STRUCTUREThe GeoJunxion group structure was simplified to a maximum extent during the past 2 years. The group contains 2 entities: GeoJunxion N.V.  (the holding entity  quoted on Euronext Amsterdam) and its 100% operating subsidiary GeoJunxion B.V.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS / IMPORTANT NOTICEThis document contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position and results of GeoJunxion. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events  including assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies  operations  and the environment in which we will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements  and you should not place undue reliance on them.Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond the company’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as timing of placement of orders of our customers  exchange-rate and interest-rate fluctuations  labor and other cost inflation  changes in tax rates  regulatory and legal changes  the rate of technological change  the competitive landscape  political developments in countries in which the company operates and the risk of a downturn in the market.The forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date they are made. We do not assume any obligation to update any public information or forward-looking statement in this document to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document  except as may be required by applicable laws.Capelle aan den IJssel  10 November 2022 Ivo Vleeschouwers – CEO / CFOFrancesco Altamura - CBOThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.23,0.19,True,English,"['GeoJunxion NV', 'GOJXN.AS', 'Business update', 'Financial', 'July', 'September', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'map agnostic” data products', 'full year cost base', 'GeoJunxion CEO Ivo Vleeschouwers', 'STRATEGY UPDATE Strategy Update', 'Location Intelligence Services', 'significant new contracts', 'European Central Bank', 'growing staff costs', 'digital geo-localized content', 'existing product portfolio', 'value-added, dynamic content', 'recurring business models', 'custom one-off project', 'sustainable business model', 'virtuous business cycle', '2022/23 accounting year', 'entire accounting year', 'full accounting year', 'exceptional order intake', 'current financial year', 'previous financial year', 'current accounting quarter', 'full year basis', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'Net Operational Expenses', 'September economic outlook', 'positive first quarter', 'OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'positive numbers', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'Net Loss', 'year growth', 'Net Profit', 'Key Facts', 'top line', 'strong performance', 'same quarter', 'open receivable', 'main driver', 'Operating Loss', 'promising pipeline', 'inflationary pressure', 'open-source maps', 'large variety', 'use cases', 'different industries', 'market sectors', 'long-term relationships', 'frequent updates', 'license contract', 'Intellectual Property', 'initial investment', 'road safety', 'same period', 'one-off projects', 'revenue generation', 'Operating Profit', 'cash flow', 'positive EBITDA', 'last 36 months', '12 months period', 'The Netherlands', 'smart solutions', 'off opportunities', 'initial activities', 'other customers', 'operating result', '102 % revenue growth', 'Q1 revenue', '30 September', '10% reduction', 'OPEX', 'EBT', 'tax', 'progress', '1 July', '30 June', 'FY', 'orders', 'Q2', 'August', 'execution', 'company', 'resources', 'Story', 'uncertainty', 'expectation', 'revenues', 'guidance', 'commercial', 'scope', 'creation', 'clients', 'proof', 'concept', 'efforts', 'continuous', 'time', 'launch-pad', 'predictable', 'ownership', 'datasets', 'mission', '5']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,ca.sports.yahoo.com
13041,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552677/0/en/Aegon-reports-third-quarter-2022-results.html,Aegon reports third quarter 2022 results,Please click here to access all 3Q 2022 results related documents.      The Hague  November 10  2022 - Maintaining high pace in implementing Aegon’s......,English DutchPlease click here to access all 3Q 2022 results related documents.The Hague  November 10  2022 - Maintaining high pace in implementing Aegon’s strategyNet loss of EUR 206 million driven mainly by a non-economic loss on interest rate hedges in the USOperating result of EUR 429 million  which is a decrease of 11% on a constant currency basis compared with the third quarter of 2021. Benefits from expense savings  growth initiatives  and an improvement in claims experience are more than offset by lower fees due to adverse marketsThe capital ratios of all three main units remain above their respective operating levels. Group Solvency II ratio amounts to 212%Cash Capital at Holding decreases to EUR 1 368 million  reflecting EUR 273 million dividends paid and second EUR 100 million tranche of previously announced EUR 300 million share buybackTransamerica Life Bermuda (TLB)  Aegon’s high-net-worth business  reinsured a closed life insurance portfolio with Transamerica in October. This frees up surplus capital and strengthens Transamerica’s capital positionAegon takes action to substantially reduce the capital sensitivity of its US variable annuity portfolio to equity markets and further increase the predictability of free cash flows; a third-party transaction will not be pursued in the near-termStatement of Lard Friese  CEO“In recent months  we have made great strides in the transformation of Aegon and the acceleration of our strategy. We have made substantial progress on our operational improvement plan  and have taken additional actions to maximize the value of both our US variable annuity book and TLB  Aegon’s high-net-worth insurance business. Most recently  we announced a transaction with a.s.r. in the Netherlands to create a leading Dutch insurance company.In the third quarter  our operating result declined by 11% on a constant currency basis as adverse market conditions more than offset an improvement in claims experience in the United States  expense savings and the benefit from growth initiatives. Despite inflationary headwinds  we made considerable progress with our expense savings program. We achieved additional EUR 50 million expense savings compared with last quarter  increasing the reduction in our annual addressable expenses to EUR 300 million compared with the base year 2019. The growth initiatives  aimed at improving our customer service and expanding our distribution network  positively impacted our commercial and financial results.We also made solid progress on our ambition to grow our strategic assets  despite continued financial market volatility and political unrest. Life insurance sales were up 24% in the United States and 16% in our Growth Markets  supported by our growing distribution capabilities. The retirement businesses across the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom all reported growth in net deposits  reflecting the strength of the labor market. Commercial results in Asset Management  the UK Retail business and our US mutual fund platform were under pressure as a result of our customers’ reduced propensity to invest in the current uncertain environment.We continue to take actions to maximize the value of our financial assets. Based on extensive analysis  we have concluded that the best option with respect to the US variable annuity portfolio is to continue to own and actively manage it  at least in the near term. In October  we finalized an internal reinsurance transaction between TLB and Transamerica that freed up USD 600 million in excess capital for Transamerica. Part of this will be used to create a buffer that will substantially reduce the capital sensitivity of our US variable annuity book to equity markets.The recent action we have taken to combine our Dutch pension  life and non-life insurance  banking  and mortgage origination activities with those of a.s.r.  is pivotal to the transformation of our company and reflects our goal to build advantaged businesses in our chosen markets. The transaction enables us to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders and is in line with our strategy to release capital from mature businesses  and create leading positions in markets where Aegon is well positioned for growth.I appreciate the hard work and dedication of all our colleagues to support our customers’ needs in challenging times. Thanks to the efforts of our employees  we are able to continue to improve our operational performance and accelerate our strategy. While economic volatility will likely persist  our strong balance sheet  disciplined risk management  and focused strategy make me confident about the opportunities the future will bring.”Note: All comparisons in this release are against 3Q 2021  unless stated otherwise. See page 7 of the full press release for key performance indicators.Media relations Investor relations Conference call including Q&A (9:00 a.m. CET) Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema Audio webcast on aegon.com +31 (0) 6 22 88 99 25gcc@aegon.com +31 (0) 70 344 8028ir@aegon.com United States: +1 864 991 41 03 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 15 36 (toll free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 83 77 (toll free) Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registrationAdditional informationPresentationThe conference call presentation is available on aegon.com as of 7.30 a.m. CET.SupplementsAegon’s 3Q 2022 Financial Supplement and other supplementary documents are available on aegon.com.Conference call including Q&AThe conference call starts at 9:00 am CET  with an audio webcast on aegon.com. To join the conference call and/or participate in the Q&A  you will need to register via the following registration link . Directly after registration you will receive an email with the call details and a personal pin to enter the conference call.Two hours after the conference call  a replay will be available on aegon.com.Click to joinWith ‘Call me’  there is no need to dial-in. Simply click the following registration link and select the option ‘Call me’.Enter your information and you will be called back to directly join the conference. The link becomes active 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. Should you wish not to use the ‘click to join’ function  dial-in numbers are also available:Dial-in numbers for conference callUnited States: +1 864 991 41 03 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 15 36 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 83 77 (toll-free)Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registrationFinancial calendar 2022 / 2023IFRS 9/17 Educational Webinar – December 14  2022Fourth quarter 2022 results – February 9  2023First quarter 2023 results – May 17  2023Annual General Meeting – May 25  2023Second quarter 2023 results – August 17  2023Third quarter 2023 results – November 16  2023About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager.Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity.Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Cautionary note regarding non-EU-IFRS measuresThis document includes the following non-EU-IFRS financial measures: operating result  income tax  result before tax  market consistent value of new business  return on equity and addressable expenses. These non-EU-IFRS measures  except for addressable expenses  are calculated by consolidating on a proportionate basis Aegon’s joint ventures and associated companies. The reconciliation of these measures  except for market consistent value of new business and return on equity  to the most comparable EU-IFRS measure is provided in the notes to this press release. Market consistent value of new business is not based on EU-IFRS  which are used to report Aegon’s primary financial statements and should not be viewed as a substitute for EU-IFRS financial measures. Aegon may define and calculate market consistent value of new business differently than other companies. Return on equity is a ratio using a non-EU-IFRS measure and is calculated by dividing the operating result after tax less cost of leverage by the average shareholders’ equity excluding the revaluation reserve. Operating expenses are all expenses associated with selling and administrative activities (excluding commissions) after reallocation of claim handling expenses to benefits paid. This includes certain expenses recorded in other charges  including restructuring charges. Addressable expenses are expenses reflected in the operating result  excluding deferrable acquisition expenses  expenses in joint ventures and associates and expenses related to operations in CEE countries. Aegon believes that these non-EU-IFRS measures  together with the EU-IFRS information  provide meaningful supplemental information about the operating results of Aegon’s business including insight into the financial measures that senior management uses in managing the business.Local currencies and constant currency exchange ratesThis document contains certain information about Aegon’s results  financial condition and revenue generating investments presented in USD for the Americas and in GBP for the United Kingdom  because those businesses operate and are managed primarily in those currencies. Certain comparative information presented on a constant currency basis eliminates the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. None of this information is a substitute for or superior to financial information about Aegon presented in EUR  which is the currency of Aegon’s primary financial statements.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.1,0.32,True,English,"['third quarter 2022 results', 'Aegon', 'Media relations Investor relations Conference call', 'Jan Willem Weidema Audio webcast', 'additional EUR 50 million expense savings', 'Group Solvency II ratio', 'US variable annuity portfolio', 'US variable annuity book', 'US mutual fund platform', 'second EUR 100 million tranche', 'EUR 300 million share buyback', 'closed life insurance portfolio', '3Q 2022 results related documents', 'leading Dutch insurance company', 'EUR 273 million dividends', 'interest rate hedges', 'constant currency basis', 'three main units', 'expense savings program', 'annual addressable expenses', 'current uncertain environment', 'mortgage origination activities', 'strong balance sheet', 'Life insurance sales', 'a.s.r.', 'UK Retail business', 'free cash flows', 'growing distribution capabilities', 'key performance indicators', 'worth insurance business', 'respective operating levels', 'adverse market conditions', 'full press release', 'internal reinsurance transaction', 'financial market volatility', 'operational improvement plan', 'Transamerica Life Bermuda', 'non-life insurance', 'worth business', 'additional actions', 'financial results', 'leading positions', 'operational performance', 'English Dutch', 'labor market', 'Dutch pension', 'Q&A', 'distribution network', 'economic volatility', 'financial assets', 'Cash Capital', 'adverse markets', 'Commercial results', 'The Hague', 'Net loss', 'economic loss', 'Operating result', 'third quarter', 'claims experience', 'lower fees', 'Lard Friese', 'recent months', 'great strides', 'substantial progress', 'United States', 'inflationary headwinds', 'considerable progress', 'last quarter', 'base year', 'customer service', 'solid progress', 'strategic assets', 'political unrest', 'retirement businesses', 'United Kingdom', 'net deposits', 'Asset Management', 'reduced propensity', 'extensive analysis', 'best option', 'near term', 'advantaged businesses', 'mature businesses', 'hard work', 'customers’ needs', 'challenging times', 'risk management', 'Dick Schiethart', 'capital ratios', 'surplus capital', 'capital position', 'capital sensitivity', 'excess capital', 'third-party transaction', 'growth initiatives', 'equity markets', 'recent action', 'Growth Markets', 'high pace', 'focused strategy', 'Aegon', 'decrease', 'Benefits', 'Holding', 'TLB', 'October', 'predictability', 'near-term', 'Statement', 'CEO', 'transformation', 'acceleration', 'value', 'Netherlands', 'reduction', 'ambition', 'strength', 'pressure', 'buffer', 'banking', 'goal', 'return', 'shareholders', 'line', 'dedication', 'colleagues', 'efforts', 'employees', 'opportunities', 'future', 'Note', 'comparisons', 'page', 'CET']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13042,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artmarketcom-reports-q3-revenue-growth-y-o-y-and-announces-significant-increase-in-subscription-and-service-prices-deployment-of-the-most-advanced-version-of-artpricecom-301673766.html,Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com,PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other th…,"PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other things  to a change in the economic model with paid advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services  its Artist pages and its Web 3.0 dimension.Future events in Q4 2022 and Q1 2023In mid-December 2022  Artprice by Artmarket will deploy its new version  the most advanced in its history  that will allow it to provide a much more comprehensive response to customer inquiries and information queries in this digital decade. After a development phase extended by 18 months due to the Covid pandemic  this major revamp has involved all of Artprice's databases and services.After a call for tenders at the end of 2019  Artprice by Artmarket selected a team of very high-level and committed external consultants to audit and develop a complete overhaul of Artprice.com  with a solid UI/UX approach (UX and UI respectively stand for User Experience and User Interface). The results of this user-centric approach will be visible in mid-December.The new website will also boast a new economic model with the inclusion of paying advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services. These advertisers will be primarily the 6 400 auction houses worldwide affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and which now conduct 98% of their sales online. They will now be able to highlight their future sales in paying advertiser mode  based on the search criteria used by Artprice's 5.4 million users. The resulting targeting will be extremely relevant.We note that for over 50 years  the economic model of auction houses has systematically involved advertising costs – announcing details of upcoming sales – that accounted for approximately 34% of their overall costs  regardless of the country or the size of their activity.Since auctions are now 98% advertised on the Internet  the pressure from Artprice-affiliated auction houses in 2022 to promote their sales for a fee has found the best solution on our new website. It is only logical that auction houses now consider their advertisement of future sales (34% of the cost of the sale) makes more sense on the Internet rather than in the printed press.In the past  Artprice has always considered online advertising incompatible with its databases in terms of readability and notoriety. It was therefore a major challenge to respond to demand from auction houses for advertising while maintaining Artprice's core DNA.In the new roll-out  the 6 400 auction operators will be able to integrate and merge the announcements of their future sales into the entire industrial process of Artprice by Artmarket  along with ""pushing"" the artists selected as favorites to Artprice's 5.4 million users (alerts by text messages  RSS  instant messaging  e-mail  My Artists page  etc.).It is quite possible that the advertising revenue generated by these 6 400 auction houses affiliated with Artprice since 1997 will ultimately exceed our subscription revenue (currently 90% of Artprice's total revenue). Artprice therefore believes that by responding to a long-standing request from its partner auction houses  the new business model could double its future revenue.In responding to the numerous and repeated requests from its 6 400 affiliated auction houses around the world to be able to profitably advertise their future sales  Artprice has made every effort to remain faithful to its principle of prioritizing the readability of its databases.Significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in early January 2023   a complete overhaul of the Artists Pages in AI and Web 3.0  Art NFTs for better global visibility of the 800 000 artists listed by Artprice by ArtmarketArtmarket.com will be introducing a significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in January 2023 that will generate an increase in future income. As Artmarket.com has been profitable for a decade  the bulk of the additional revenue will translate into additional net income because under the French fiscal regime  we can generate up to 90 million euros p/a without incurring additional tax charges.The fee increases follow extensive consultation with Artprice by Artmarket customers who will continue to benefit from our databases and services  being well aware that they find essential data in Artprice that they cannot find anywhere else. Our indisputable position as World Leader in Art Market Information since 1997 must now be commercially exploited at its true value. Remember that our databases are continually updated with ultra-detailed and qualified data: well over a million new data logs every year.According to a consensus of art market professionals  Artprice's databases are today unquestionably the most comprehensive in the world with nearly 800 000 artists referenced with their biographies  auction results  indices  decision-making support tools  signatures & monograms  information about past and future sales. In total  this adds up to several tens of millions of inter-connected and high value-added data logs  all protected by various intellectual property rights.Despite the substantial price increase  Artprice by Artmarket's offer remains by far the best-placed compared with the slowly evolving offer from our competition which offers limited-search annual professional subscriptions (e.g. 150 queries for €350/year  450 queries for €975/year and  in the event of overrun  €2.45 per search). (Information certified by Court Bailiff in November 2022).In the world of ""unlimited"" offers  these offers are quite simply anachronistic. Moreover  the competitions' offer is based on data regarding only 330 000 artists and from a selection of only 1 600 auction houses  whereas Artprice by Artmarket covers 800 000 artists and 6 400 auction houses  with unlimited subscriptions from €265 to €529/year including a range of indices  decision-making tools and signatures & monograms that is unique in the world. In short  Artprice's offer will remain highly competitive even after the fee increase and with further margin for additional price rises in the future.Somewhat counter-intuitively – given the geopolitical and economic context – the global art market is displaying insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for works from all artistic periods  regardless of the country  during recent sales sessions. And there have been no cancellations of classic and/or prestige cataloged sales for 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that art is a safe-haven investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which has clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices. The current period of stock market jitters has channeled new funds and investments into the art market. As the end of the year approaches  it is clear that the war in Ukraine and fears of a major recession have not had a negative impact on the art market.On 8 November last  AFP  the French Press Agency  highlighted this phenomenon in an article titled ""Collection of Microsoft co-founder could fetch over a billion dollars in New York""  adding ""By auctioning in New York the art collected by Paul Allen (Microsoft's co-founder who died in 2018)  Christie's is aiming for a historic sales record in a bold move that reflects a market whose indicators are higher than ever  despite the geopolitical and economic crises.""During December 2022  as part of our major revamp  we will be introducing significant changes to the presentation of our databases and Artist Pages on Artprice by Artmarket. This development  conceived with a UI/UX approach  will therefore be effective ahead of the tariff increase with the objective of boosting Artmarket.com's revenues from the very start of 2023.Conceived after 18 months of in-depth analysis by a highly specialized team of UI/UX consultants  the changes we are introducing take into account the sentiment of users when they navigate our digital media (databases and services). The objective of UX design is to enhance the experience of Artprice customers and/or prospective customers as much as possible in order to make it easier and more intuitive  both on mobile and desktop devices. As a result of these changes the expectations and needs of Artprice's customers and users will be better satisfied.Thanks to UX design  online navigation is more fluid and more effective. It eliminates the incomprehension that users often encounters in their daily online experiences and takes into account not just the logistics of online navigation  but also the 'emotional' aspect of online navigation.The Interface aspect (UI design) of our modifications has focused on enhancing the interaction of Artprice users with our databases and services. This approach has been used at all stages in the development of our new website  right through to its roll-out in mid-December 2022.Unlike UX (user experience)  UI is more focused on the visual aspect in order to attract the user's eye and to encourage Artprice users to remain on the various databases and services. The UI approach has facilitated navigation through all of Artprice's decision support tools. Its primary objective is to attract new prospects and customers  enthusiasts  collectors and art market professionals. Thus  Artprice has modified its R&D policy by collaborating in a highly selective manner with the very best consultants in the field in order to acquire new market shares.The Artists Pages are the principal and most common entry points to all of Artprice's databases and services because artists are the foundation on which the art market has been based since its origin. It is for this reason that our website revamp has aimed to reposition artists at the heart of the art market  a position that is inevitable with the production of Art NFTs which are one of the foundations of Web 3.0.This global overhaul of Artprice aims to give its customers and users a better experience  in line with their needs  after several years of collecting and analyzing their queries  in strict compliance with the legislation in force in Europe and the USA.This overhaul includes  of course  the arrival of Art NFTs  the growth of which is exponential and constitutes a paradigm shift for artists in the art market who find themselves once again masters of their destiny  as was the case during the Renaissance.All of the art market's market-makers  and in particular the majority of its auction houses around the world  now have an NFT department for cataloged and online sales throughout the year. Likewise  all the major structures in the museum/art galleries industry are starting to publish their own NFTs.In addition  the major overhaul of Artprice by Artmarket.com will at last allow the exploitation of the largest proprietary collection of original manuscripts and printed sales catalogs in the world. Dating back to 1700  and owned by Artprice  this collection is the very foundation of Artprice's digital standardization of the art market and of its position as the World Leader in Art Market Information for the past 25 years.Thus  Artprice users and prospects will now be able to navigate from the Artist Pages to several centuries of knowledge that Artprice by Artmarket's historians and editors have been organizing over the last 25 years  allowing them to immerse themselves in the exceptional and mysterious history of the art market.These new pages will highlight the wealth of Artmarket.com's databases and services  with high added value. The use of algorithmic AI (Artificial Intelligence) will allow access to very relevant and personalized recommendations  to enhance customers' knowledge of the art market and to generate more sophisticated subscriptions and therefore more business revenue.Indeed  this feature takes Artprice by Artmarket clients and users into a Web 3.0 dimension and – by extension – into the domain of Art NFTs  thereby giving Artmarket.com a considerable lead in its core business.During the course of the development of our major roll-out scheduled in December 2022  Artprice listened to both its historical customers and its new customers and prospects.Indeed  with cryptocurrencies  Art NFTs and the Metaverse  new collectors and art enthusiasts have arrived  often considerably younger than their predecessors. There are now more than 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs. Accustomed to speculation and risk-taking  but art enthusiasts and collectors nonetheless  they have absolutely no intention of abandoning their Web 3.0 crypto-universe.These are the new clients of Artmarket.com  whose services they have frequently requested. Their main demand in recent years has been that we post art prices in ETH and BTC in all Artprice databases.This huge global community could not understand why Artprice's reference databases only quoted prices in the world's main fiat currencies  without the two main cryptocurrencies (ETH and BTC)  which weigh more than 82% of the 21 000 cryptocurrencies (excluding Stablecoins).Appreciating the business opportunity represented by 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs  Artprice by Artmarket's IT  econometric and marketing teams therefore moved quickly to respond positively to their demand.Artmarket.com has therefore once again taken a major step forward that required considerable reflection and an imposing volume of work. As a result since September 2022  Artprice now quotes 8 828 384 art auction results in Bitcoin (going back to 1 February 2011 when 1 Bitcoin was worth $0.7  £0.434031 and €0.50707) and 5 814 866 art auction results in Ethereum (going back to 7 August 2015 when 1 Ethereum was worth $3  £1.93626 and €2.735523).Naturally  the tens of millions of calculations underlying this ambitious project were made using the value of the respective cryptocurrencies on the days the respective sales were concluded. The values were calculated by Artmarket.com's proprietary IT systems.https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/09/12/artmarket_com-adds-ethereum-and-bitcoin-to-its-multi-currency-artprice-databases-to-meet-the-needs-of-its-customers-and-prepareSince 1997 Artprice's primary ambition has been to foster art market transparency by expanding knowledge from a circle of insiders to the general population in order to facilitate its development and growth. The new presentation of Artprice by Artmarket will enhance this transparency through access to verified  verifiable and above all contextualized data.Indeed  when navigating our new website  clients and members of Artprice by Artmarket will intuitively dive into the heart of art market news and will be privileged players within a human and educational approach  which is often lacking in the world of the GAFAs.Over the years  Artprice  as the World Leader in Art Market Information  has been a partner in numerous essential and historic collaborations with artists. Their contributions have been clearly reflected in the development of our new interface with users.The other essential collaboration has of course been with the auction houses which will now have a growing interest in collaborating with Artprice. Henceforward we will promote their future sales with discreet and effective prestige  thereby generating new recurring income for Artprice with its proprietary Intranet  which has been the reference work tool for auction houses for many years.After two years of R&D – extended by the circumstances of the Covid pandemic – Artmarket.com customers  partners and members will be able to immerse themselves in a new experience at the heart of the art market. This is undoubtedly one of the founding steps for the future of Artprice by Artmarket  with its positioning fundamentally improved by the referencing of images on search engines (SEOs) and the dual objectives of increasing traffic in order to conquer new market shares and to monopolize the market for the certification of primary issues of Art NFTs.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice:""Artprice by Artmarket.com has patiently and methodically given itself all the means to evolve in response to the needs of Art Market professionals. All the indicators are positive for the future and we project a doubling of revenue  notably by opening up to paying advertisers integrated into our services and databases.We have also developed  since 2017  processes to optimize the use of our servers  by limiting the power required and reducing the energy consumption of Artprice's Data Centers by 40%. This has been achieved by using the principle of micro-grids which allow a better exploitation of production units (a multiple technologies decision) and the use of mainly renewable energies.Through its commitment to the micro-grid  the Artprice by Artmarket Data Centers are part of a responsible and shared environmental logic (without risk for Artprice's processing requirements) which involves analyzing the evolution of renewable energies with regard to new applied sciences and ongoing research according to the principle of ""formativity"" (notion coined by Luigi Pareyson).Given the generous geography of our head office (Domaine de la Source  built in 1630)  we are developing  with partners  a 'climatic' system based on the technique of artesian wells which capture water from deep layers of subsoil. This system will be protected by patents that will be filed by Artprice and Server Group  and it will respond in an ecologically responsible manner to the current energy crisis which is far more serious than the two oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 and which is only just beginning.As a global leader  Artprice considers eco-responsibility a philosophical and moral obligation. It is coherent with our market position  our corporate culture and the sentiments of our customers.Moreover  as regards the exchange of Art NFTs on its Marketplace and given the current energy context  Artmarket.com is pleased to have preferred Ethereum for a long time and fully supports the remarks by France's Minister of the Economy  Mr. Bruno Le Maire  as indicated in a previous press release:https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/10/20/artmarket_com-already-positioned-on-nfts-with-artprice-reacts-to-an-interview-on-bfm-crypto-with-bruno-le-maire-and-notably-hisArtprice by Artmarket.com confirms that in the first two quarters of 2022  the phenomenon of Art NFTs became a lasting segment of the art market on all continents with an acceleration of turnover and volumes in the second half of 2022 due notably to the purge of crypto-currencies and much more favorable new legislation in the USA as well as the introduction of regulatory framework in Europe that prevents crypto-abuse/fraud and enhances the confidence of consumers  investors and operators.These regulations have been the subject of studies  colloquia and proposals to major French and European government bodies by Blanche Sousi and the Art & Law Institute  where Artprice by Artmarket has been heavily involved as a long-standing member since 1997.Artprice invites you to read the latest Banques Notes published by the European Center for Research in Banking and Finance  with the analysis of Blanche Sousi  Professor Emeritus of the University of Lyon 3  Jean Monnet Chair ad personam in European banking and monetary law:""The European Regulation MiCAR has just been adopted: are NFTs regulated? No  but…"": https://banque-notes.eu/le-reglement-europeen-micar-vient-detre-adopte-les-nfts-sont-ils-reglementes-non-mais/thierry Ehrmann  Founder of Artprice and CEO of Artmarket.com emphasizes: ""In its various annual reports on the Art Market and its regulated information  Artprice by Artmarket.com has always said with regard to NFTs that it is impossible to apprehend this new market without a perfect knowledge of the relevant Monetary & Financial Codes and Intellectual Property Codes of the countries in which the market is operating. Similarly  to appreciate the nature of this market (experiencing exponential growth)  one also needs a true understanding of Blockchain  crypto-currencies and their cultural origins among the Cypherpunks (period of PGP-type data encryption at the beginning of 1990).""Copyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.coml Don't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.coml Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demol Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 800 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6400 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comArtprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.9 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact:Thierry Ehrmann  ir@artmarket.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.41,True,English,"['Q3 revenue growth', 'Artmarket.com', 'significant increase', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'subscription', 'deployment', 'Artprice.', 'million new data logs', 'committed external consultants', 'entire industrial process', 'French fiscal regime', 'decision-making support tools', 'additional tax charges', 'art market professionals', 'solid UI/UX approach', 'Q3 revenue growth', 'additional net income', 'Art Market Information', 'new business model', 'Artprice-affiliated auction houses', 'partner auction houses', '6,400 affiliated auction houses', 'new economic model', 'additional revenue', '6,400 auction houses', 'Art NFTs', 'essential data', 'qualified data', 'new version', 'new website', 'new roll-out', 'information queries', 'user-centric approach', '5.4 million users', 'future income', '90 million euros', '6,400 auction operators', 'total revenue', 'future revenue', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'other things', 'Artist pages', 'Future events', 'comprehensive response', 'customer inquiries', 'development phase', 'Covid pandemic', 'major revamp', 'complete overhaul', 'User Experience', 'User Interface', 'two decades', 'advertiser mode', 'search criteria', 'resulting targeting', 'overall costs', 'best solution', 'printed press', 'major challenge', 'core DNA', 'text messages', 'instant messaging', 'standing request', 'repeated requests', 'global visibility', 'extensive consultation', 'indisputable position', 'true value', 'advertising revenue', 'auction results', 'significant increase', 'advertising costs', 'online advertising', 'future sales', 'upcoming sales', 'subscription revenue', 'Artmarket.com', 'Web 3.0 dimension', 'digital decade', 'early January', 'fee increases', 'Artmarket customers', 'Artists page', 'paying advertisers', 'services fees', 'World Leader', 'Artprice.com', '800,000 artists', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'deployment', 'mid-December', 'change', 'databases', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'history', '18 months', 'call', 'tenders', 'team', 'high-level', 'inclusion', '50 years', 'details', 'country', 'size', 'activity', 'auctions', 'Internet', 'pressure', 'advertisement', 'sense', 'past', 'terms', 'readability', 'notoriety', 'demand', 'announcements', 'favorites', 'RSS', 'mail', 'My', 'long', 'numerous', 'effort', 'principle', 'subscriptions', 'bulk', 'ultra-detailed', 'consensus', 'biographies', 'indices', 'signatures', 'monograms', '2019']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.co.uk
13043,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/atos-expands-containerization-options-within-nimbix-federated-supercomputing-301674283.html,Atos expands containerization options within Nimbix Federated supercomputing,PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos today announces Nimbix Federated supercomputing will expand to include support for Singularity as a container runtime option for its federated supercomputing platform  enabling research institutes and high performance…,"PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos today announces Nimbix Federated supercomputing will expand to include support for Singularity as a container runtime option for its federated supercomputing platform  enabling research institutes and high performance computing (HPC) centers to more easily monetize spare cluster capacity.Launched earlier this year  Nimbix Supercomputing Suite is a set of flexible and secure HPC solutions available in an as-a-service model  including a novel approach for the federation of large-scale machines and clouds along with managed services to enable collaborative scientific computing. With the addition of new containerization features  public and private infrastructure operators utilizing Singularity can now access federated supercomputing to connect with and leverage outside resources through the Nimbix Federated service.""Atos Nimbix was first to the market with containerized  federated HPC-as-a-service  and we're pleased to add support for Singularity alongside our existing cloud-native OCI runtime options. We're excited to continue raising the bar in accessibility by giving operators of research-oriented clusters a simple path to plugging into a containerized HPC federation "" said Leo Reiter  CTO and Technical Director  Atos Nimbix HPC Cloud.To support the deployment of Nimbix Federated to resource operators utilizing Singularity  Atos partners with Sylabs  a global leader in providing professional tools and services for high performance container runtime technology.""Atos' expansion to make Nimbix Federated Supercomputing compatible with Singularity is a new and important milestone for helping customers integrate their HPC workloads in a comprehensive as-a-service approach  and we're excited to partner with Atos in helping these organizations achieve and adopt the process more easily "" said Adam Hughes  CTO  Sylabs. ""In working alongside Atos  Sylabs continues to make HPC more accessible to researchers  scientists and engineers alike.""The Nimbix Supercomputing Suite as-a-service model for HPC  AI and Quantum in the cloud provides customers with access to one of the broadest HPC and supercomputing portfolios  from hardware to bare metal-as-a-service to the democratization of advanced computing in the cloud across public and private data centers.A preview of Nimbix Federated Singularity is available now. For more information on Nimbix Supercomputing Suite  visit atos.net/nimbix.All trademarks  logos and brand names are the property of their respective owners. All company  product and service names used in this press release are for identification purposes only. Use of these names  trademarks and brands does not imply endorsement.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 112 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.SOURCE Atos",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Nimbix Federated supercomputing', 'containerization options', 'Atos', 'existing cloud-native OCI runtime options', 'high performance container runtime technology', 'The Nimbix Supercomputing Suite', 'container runtime option', 'high performance computing', 'private data centers', 'federated supercomputing platform', 'containerized, federated HPC', 'Atos Nimbix HPC Cloud', 'Nimbix Federated supercomputing', 'new containerization features', 'private infrastructure operators', 'collaborative scientific computing', 'containerized HPC federation', 'Nimbix Federated service', 'secure HPC solutions', 'secure information space', 'Nimbix Federated Singularity', 'HPC) centers', 'advanced computing', 'supercomputing portfolios', 'end solutions', 'HPC workloads', 'broadest HPC', 'cluster capacity', 'novel approach', 'large-scale machines', 'outside resources', 'research-oriented clusters', 'simple path', 'Leo Reiter', 'Technical Director', 'resource operators', 'global leader', 'professional tools', 'important milestone', 'Adam Hughes', 'respective owners', 'press release', 'identification purposes', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'service model', 'service approach', 'brand names', 'service names', 'research institutes', 'Euronext Paris', ""Atos' expansion"", 'SOURCE Atos', 'decarbonization services', 'PRNewswire', 'support', 'set', 'flexible', 'clouds', 'addition', 'public', 'market', 'bar', 'accessibility', 'deployment', 'Sylabs', 'customers', 'comprehensive', 'organizations', 'process', 'researchers', 'scientists', 'engineers', 'Quantum', 'hardware', 'democratization', 'preview', 'net', 'trademarks', 'logos', 'property', 'product', 'Use', 'brands', 'endorsement', '112,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'world', 'members', 'societies', 'safe']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13044,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4555940-phathom-pharma-approved-drugs-upcoming-pdufa-smallish-addressable-market,Phathom Pharma: Approved Drugs  Upcoming PDUFA  Smallish Addressable Market (NASDAQ:PHAT),Phathom Pharmaceuticals  a Takeda spinoff  has a drug approved in H. pylori. Click here to read our analysis of PHAT stock.,"libre de droit/iStock via Getty ImagesPhathom Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ:PHAT) develops treatments for gastrointestinal diseases. The company was spun out of Takeda  in collaboration with Frazier Healthcare Partners  to develop and commercialize vonoprazan  a next-generation P-CAB (potassium-competitive acid blocker) drug that is superior to proton pump inhibitors  has a longer half-life than traditional PPIs  and requires less cycles of administration to achieve full effect.In May 2022  vonoprazan was approved for the treatment of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection in adults  in a triple pack with clarithromycin and amoxicillin  and a dual pack with just amoxicillin. While there are other approved drugs  the company states that  ""vonoprazan-based treatments offer two new therapeutic options that have demonstrated superior eradication rates as compared to standard of care lansoprazole-based triple therapy."" In a phase 3 trial called PHALCON-HP  vonoprazan triple therapy and vonoprazan dual therapy successfully met the study's primary non-inferiority endpoints and all secondary endpoints  demonstrating superior eradication rates versus lansoprazole-based triple therapy among all patients including in patients with clarithromycin resistant strains of H. pylori.In another phase 3 study called PHALCON-EE  vonoprazan demonstrated non-inferiority - in erosive esophagitis ('EE')  a type of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) - to current standard of care Prevacid  currently owned by Novartis (NVS). In certain secondary but critical measures  it showed superiority  in fact.Data came from the phase 3 PHALCON-EE trial with 1000 EE patients enrolled across the US and EU. These patients were randomized to 20 mg vonoprazan in a healing phase and either 10 or 20 mg in a maintenance phase. The study compared these drug arms directly with Prevacid or lansoprazole. Data showed that in the healing phase  vonoprazan had a healing rate of 93% compared to 85% in Prevacid at 8 weeks (p<0.0001). In an exploratory superiority test  the p-value was also <0.0001. Although vonoprazan did not do as well in heartburn at Day 3  it met the primary and all secondary endpoints in the maintenance phase  demonstrating superiority in maintenance of healing (79% for vonoprazan 10 mg  81% for vonoprazan 20 mg  and 72% for Prevacid).Safety-wise  as well  vonoprazan held its own against Prevacid  with comparable safety profiles except in one specific arm  which also included 5 covid patients.This was the data the company took to the FDA  and vonoprazan has a PDUFA for this indication on Jan 11  2023.Addressable marketsH. pylori is estimated to affect nearly 115 million people in the U.S. and  with growing antibiotic resistance  now has a declining eradication rate. The global market is estimated at $600mn in 2021. The EE market  on the other hand  is slated to be $1.5bn by 2030. According to a GlobalData report:'Eosinophilic Esophagitis - Opportunity Assessment and Forecast to 2030'  reveals that the growth in this market will be driven by sales of high-priced biologics such as Sanofi (Euronext: SAN) and Regeneron's (Nasdaq: REGN) Dupixent (dupilumab)  Bristol Myers Squibb's cendakimab (RPC-4046)  and AstraZeneca's Fasenra (benralizumab). Dupixent is expected to become the market leader with $915.6 million in sales in 2030.Thus  despite the new and upcoming approvals  the total addressable market for vonoprazan in these two indications is small  given that the market is heavily differentiated  small in size to begin with  and dominated by large players. Jefferies analyst Caleb Ezell projected $200 million in peak sales in H. pylori infection.Rest of pipelinePhathom has just this one drug in clinical trials but in two other indications - daily dosing and as-needed treatment of heartburn associated with Nonerosive Reflux Disease (NERD). In a phase 2 trial called PHALCON-NERD  vonoprazan met the primary endpoint in all doses against placebo. A phase 3 trial is ongoing  with data expected in 1Q 2023.FinancialsPHAT has a market cap of $382mn and a cash reserve of $197mn. They also have an additional $100 million available under the Company's term loan with Hercules Capital. Research and development expenses for the third quarter were $19.0 million  while general and administrative expenses were $23.5 million. At that rate of expenses  they have a cash runway of just around 5-7 quarters  starting from the previous quarter. So that runway will see them through barely to 2024  and then  or before then  they will need cash.The company states that they have a cash runway to 2024.RisksPHAT has a low trading volume  so that lack of liquidity could be a problem for short-term investors. More than 90% of the company is held by funds  insiders  and other non-retailers. That explains the low trading volume.There's some competitive risk. While vonoprazan's data is better than lansoprazole's  a number of biologics  like I mentioned  are established players in the market.PHAT is a microcap company  so there's always that risk of programs looking promising and then fizzling out. That could happen even with larger companies  but they can absorb more punishment  given their bulk. Microcap companies like PHAT can't; they may either make you a lot of money  or they may take your entire investment and go...phut...no pun intended.Bottom lineIf you take the cash position and add it to vonoprazan's peak sales analyst estimate in just the approved indication  you sort of go beyond its current market cap  indicating that the market is giving zero value to the rest of the pipeline  including EE where it has strong data and a near-term PDUFA and NERD where it has strong phase 2 data and a near-term phase 3 topline data. The drug already sells nearly $850mn annually  mostly in GERD  in Japan  under Takeda. I think  if you consider all of that and the current low price  PHAT looks quite attractive  although  I must say  a little unexciting  given the less than blockbuster status of the total addressable markets here.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.16,0.15,0.69,True,English,"['Smallish Addressable Market', 'Phathom Pharma', 'Upcoming PDUFA', 'Drugs', 'NASDAQ', 'two new therapeutic options', 'care lansoprazole-based triple therapy', 'Frazier Healthcare Partners', 'proton pump inhibitors', 'superior eradication rates', 'gastroesophageal reflux disease', 'comparable safety profiles', 'growing antibiotic resistance', 'Bristol Myers Squibb', 'Nonerosive Reflux Disease', 'low trading volume', 'one specific arm', 'clarithromycin resistant strains', 'declining eradication rate', 'H. pylori) infection', 'H. pylori infection', 'exploratory superiority test', 'two other indications', 'phase 3 PHALCON-EE trial', 'primary non-inferiority endpoints', 'total addressable market', 'vonoprazan dual therapy', 'two indications', 'triple pack', 'dual pack', 'Addressable markets', 'Helicobacter pylori', 'phase 3 trial', 'phase 2 trial', 'one drug', 'Getty Images', 'gastrointestinal diseases', 'next-generation P-CAB', 'longer half-life', 'traditional PPIs', 'less cycles', 'full effect', 'secondary endpoints', 'erosive esophagitis', 'critical measures', '115 million people', 'U.S.', 'other hand', 'GlobalData report', 'Eosinophilic Esophagitis', 'Opportunity Assessment', 'upcoming approvals', 'Jefferies analyst', 'Caleb Ezell', 'clinical trials', 'daily dosing', 'primary endpoint', 'term loan', 'Hercules Capital', 'third quarter', '5-7 quarters', 'previous quarter', 'short-term investors', 'other non-retailers', 'healing phase', 'maintenance phase', 'healing rate', 'global market', 'EE market', 'market leader', 'market cap', 'cash reserve', 'drug arms', 'development expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'Phathom Pharmaceuticals', 'vonoprazan-based treatments', 'current standard', 'high-priced biologics', 'large players', 'competitive risk', 'phase 3 study', 'cash runway', '1000 EE patients', '5 covid patients', 'peak sales', 'microcap company', '20 mg vonoprazan', 'droit', 'NASDAQ', 'Takeda', 'collaboration', 'administration', 'May', 'adults', 'amoxicillin', 'drugs', 'type', 'GERD', 'Novartis', 'NVS', 'fact', 'Prevacid', '8 weeks', 'p-value', 'heartburn', 'Day', 'FDA', 'PDUFA', 'Jan', 'Forecast', 'growth', 'Sanofi', 'Euronext', 'Regeneron', 'REGN', 'Dupixent', 'dupilumab', 'cendakimab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Fasenra', 'benralizumab', 'size', 'Rest', 'pipeline', 'NERD', 'doses', 'placebo', '1Q', 'Financials', 'Research', 'general', 'Risks', 'lack', 'liquidity', 'problem', 'More', 'funds', 'insiders', 'number', '85']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,seekingalpha.com
13045,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nordic-nanovector-asa---notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-on-1-december-2022-301674812.html,Nordic Nanovector ASA - Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting on 1 December 2022,"OSLO  Norway  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Nordic Nanovector ASA (""Nordic Nanovector"" or the ""Company"") on 9 November 2022 announcing that the Company has entered into a merger agreement with all shareh…","OSLO  Norway  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Nordic Nanovector ASA (""Nordic Nanovector"" or the ""Company"") on 9 November 2022 announcing that the Company has entered into a merger agreement with all shareholders of APIM Therapeutics AS to combine the companies in an all-stock transaction. Completion of the transaction is dependent on the approval by the General Meeting of the Company.Nordic Nanovector hereby calls for an Extraordinary General Meeting in the Company to be held on 1 December 2022  at 10:00 hours CET at Advokatfirmaet Selmer  Tjuvholmen Allé 1  0252 Oslo. The full notice with appendices is attached. The notice and the documents to which it refers are also available on www.nordicnanovector.com.Shareholders wishing to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting  in person or by proxy  must complete and return the attendance form or power of attorney form attached to the notice to Nordea Bank Abp  Issuer Service  Postboks 1166 Sentrum  N-0107 Oslo  or by e-mail to [email protected] no later than 29 November 2022  16:00 CET. Attendance or proxies may also be registered electronically through Euronext Securities Oslo (formerly VPS) Investor Services.For further information  please contact:IR enquiriesMalene Brondberg  interim CEO and CFOCell: +44 7561 431 762Email: [email protected]Media EnquiriesMark SwallowithFrazer Hall/David Dible (Citigate Dewe Rogerson)Tel: +44 203 926 8535Email: [email protected]About Nordic Nanovector:Nordic Nanovector is committed to develop and deliver innovative therapies to patients to address major unmet medical needs and advance cancer care. The Company's pipeline includes:Betalutin® and Humalutin®  both CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapies incorporating the beta emitter lutetium-177 to treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL);Alpha37  a CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapy candidate incorporating the alpha-emitting radionuclide lead-212  currently being explored with partner Oranomed for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia;Multiple fully humanized anti-CD37 antibodies with potential in haematological cancers and autoimmune diseases; andA CD37 DOTA CAR-T cell opportunity in haematological cancers  which is being advanced via a research collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania .Further information can be found at www.nordicnanovector.com.This information is subject to a duty of disclosure pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Securities Trading Act.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/82e3b13cf8594ce3.pdf Nordic Nanovector Proposed resolutions for the EGM 2022 English https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/a87a703cb041ed5b.pdf Nordic Nanovector Proposed resolutions for the EGM 2022 norsk https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/99533486cb3abe63.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Notice of EGM ENG https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/bfb37ffa44d0bbe9.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Notice of EGM NOR https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/a743bf6c3a5e3b83.pdf Sakkyndig redegjørelse Nordic Nanovector ASA https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3665231/aa3a72b943accc6f.pdf Nordic Nanovector - Merger announcement presentationSOURCE Nordic Nanovector",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.67,True,English,"['Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Notice', '1 December', 'Sakkyndig redegjørelse Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Multiple fully humanized anti-CD37 antibodies', 'CD37 DOTA CAR-T cell opportunity', 'major unmet medical needs', 'APIM Therapeutics AS', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Citigate Dewe Rogerson', 'beta emitter lutetium', 'alpha-emitting radionuclide lead-2', 'chronic lymphocytic leukaemia', 'Securities Trading Act', 'stock exchange announcement', 'CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapy candidate', 'Merger announcement presentation', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'SOURCE Nordic Nanovector', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'CFO Cell', 'merger agreement', 'CD37-targeting radioimmunotherapies', 'stock transaction', 'Advokatfirmaet Selmer', 'Tjuvholmen Allé', 'attorney form', 'Issuer Service', 'Investor Services', 'IR enquiries', 'Malene Brondberg', 'interim CEO', 'Media Enquiries', 'Mark Swallow', 'Frazer Hall', 'David Dible', 'innovative therapies', 'cancer care', 'haematological cancers', 'autoimmune diseases', 'research collaboration', 'following files', 'attendance form', 'EGM ENG', 'EGM NOR', 'Further information', 'full notice', 'The Company', '0252 Oslo', '07 Oslo', 'Norway', 'Reference', '9 November', 'shareholders', 'companies', 'Completion', 'approval', '1 December', '10:00 hours', 'appendices', 'documents', 'person', 'proxy', 'power', 'Postboks', '1166 Sentrum', 'mail', '16:00 CET', 'proxies', 'VPS', 'Tel', 'patients', 'pipeline', 'Betalutin', 'Humalutin', 'Hodgkin', 'lymphoma', 'NHL', 'Alpha37', 'partner', 'potential', 'University', 'Pennsylvania', 'nordicnanovector', 'duty', 'disclosure', 'Section', 'download', 'cision', 'resolutions', '44']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13046,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fairmont-mayakoba-will-host-a-symphony-in-a-cenote-to-go-beyond-limits-301673699.html,"FAIRMONT MAYAKOBA WILL HOST A SYMPHONY IN A CENOTE TO GO ""BEYOND LIMITS""",CANCÚN  Mexico  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- If you already know the newly renovated Fairmont Mayakoba and think there can't be anything better  wait until you see and hear a symphonic concert in one of the cenotes near the resort to enjoy a unique and ances…,"CANCÚN  Mexico  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- If you already know the newly renovated Fairmont Mayakoba and think there can't be anything better  wait until you see and hear a symphonic concert in one of the cenotes near the resort to enjoy a unique and ancestral experience  where music  Mexican gastronomy and luxury are the main components.""Symphony in a cenote"" will take place on November 7th  21st and the 28th  in an event that invites you to reimagine one of the mystical caves of the Riviera Maya that will become a fascinating space to delight your ears with the performance of the Classical Ensemble Orchestra. The event will take you on a musical journey to the center of the earth with classic melodies  all the way to contemporary pop.Listen to one of Lady Gaga's hits  the Coldplay soundtrack  Toto  Ed Sheeran  Queen  and Journey  while you savor delicious tapas and refreshing cocktails to sip the night away  prepared by the best mixologists and chefs in the region.And as if the natural setting were not enough to create a special atmosphere  dozens of lights  candles  and artistic projections will illuminate the underground darkness of the cenote to envelop the space in a warm and perfect environment to reconnect your senses with each element that surrounds you.This show is part of one of the hotel's initiatives to continue offering its guests experiences that go ""beyond limits""  even when it comes to bringing an orchestra to a cenote for an unforgettable performance.About Fairmont Mayakoba  Riviera MayaNestled in the heart of the Riviera Maya  Mexico  the 401-room Fairmont Mayakoba is a AAA Five Diamond resort set on 45 acres  within a private luxury community. Surrounded by a lush mangrove forest intersected by water canals  the property offers over 46 000 sq. ft. of indoor and outdoor meeting space  an energizing Willow Stream Spa featuring 20 treatment rooms  and El Camaleón Golf Course  host to the first official PGA TOUR event in Mexico. A dedication to a green philosophy has earned Fairmont Mayakoba the Preferred by Nature verification among other eco-accolades. For reservations contact call 1 (800) 540 6088 or email [email protected]  or visit fairmont.com/Mayakoba or follow Fairmont Mayakoba on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 200 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a creative hospitality company with a global portfolio of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. 68 million members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.SOURCE FAIRMONT MAYAKOBA",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['FAIRMONT MAYAKOBA', 'BEYOND LIMITS', 'SYMPHONY', 'CENOTE', 'El Camaleón Golf Course', 'first official PGA TOUR event', 'energizing Willow Stream Spa', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'AAA Five Diamond resort', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'world leading hospitality group', 'lush mangrove forest', 'fastest growing categories', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'Classical Ensemble Orchestra', 'outdoor meeting space', 'creative hospitality company', '401-room Fairmont Mayakoba', 'SOURCE FAIRMONT MAYAKOBA', 'private luxury community', 'economy hotel brands', 'CANCÚN', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'private residences', 'community engagement', 'symphonic concert', 'ancestral experience', 'Mexican gastronomy', 'main components', 'mystical caves', 'Riviera Maya', 'fascinating space', 'classic melodies', 'contemporary pop', 'Lady Gaga', 'Coldplay soundtrack', 'Ed Sheeran', 'delicious tapas', 'refreshing cocktails', 'best mixologists', 'natural setting', 'special atmosphere', 'artistic projections', 'underground darkness', 'perfect environment', 'water canals', '20 treatment rooms', 'green philosophy', 'Nature verification', 'other eco-accolades', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'global portfolio', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'distinctive brands', '260,000 team members', '68 million members', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'musical journey', 'unforgettable performance', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', 'Accor Live', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', '5,200 properties', 'Mexico', 'PRNewswire', 'cenotes', 'unique', 'Symphony', 'place', 'November', 'ears', 'center', 'earth', 'hits', 'Toto', 'Queen', 'chefs', 'region', 'dozens', 'lights', 'candles', 'warm', 'senses', 'element', 'show', 'part', 'guests', 'experiences', 'limits', '45 acres', 'property', '46,000 sq.', 'indoor', 'dedication', 'reservations', 'email', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13047,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/10/2552664/0/en/Valneva-Reports-Nine-Month-2022-Results-and-Provides-Corporate-Updates.html,Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2022 Results and Provides Corporate Updates,Total nine-month revenues of €249.9 million  a ~ 3.5-fold increase compared to 2021  Product sales of €74.4 million (vs €45.5 million in the first nine......,"English FrenchTotal n ine-month revenue s of €249.9 million   a ~ 3.5-fold increase compared to 2021Product sales of €74.4 million (vs €45.5 million in the first nine months of 2021) driven by a continued recovery of travel vaccine sales and by COVID-19 vaccine sales in Europe. Product sales outside of COVID-19 grew by double digits (11.2%) vs. prior period€175.5 million of other revenues (vs €24.4 million in the first nine months of 2021) mainly driven by revenue recognition related to previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreementsCash and cash equivalents of €261.0 million at the end of September 2022Excludes €102.9 million of gross proceeds received in October 2022 from an upsized global offering 1Includes drawing the final tranche ($20 million) from Deerfield & Orbimed loan agreement2Continu ed progress ion o f late-stage clinical programs as guidedLyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15Phase 3 study recruitment ongoing; enrollment completion expected in the second quarter of 2023Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate VLA1553Ongoing rolling submission for Biologics License Application (BLA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA); submission completion expected by end of 2022Progression of pre-clinical assets and focus on strengthening the Company’s clinical pipelineVLA1554 (human metapneumovirus) and VLA2112 (Epstein-Barr virus) currently prioritizedUpdated FY 2022 F ina ncial G uidanceValneva reiterates expected total revenues of €340 million to €360 million  noting continued recovery of travel vaccine sales  further revenue recognition linked to payments received under the Advance Purchase Agreement (APA) with each of the European Commission (EC) and United Kingdom (UK) and the expected sales from the revised EC APA. Product sales of the Company’s travel vaccines are still expected to reach €70 million to €80 million despite supply challenges and COVID-19 product sales are expected to reach €30 million to €40 million. Other Revenues are expected to reach approximately €240 million. They will be mainly related to COVID-19 revenue recognition in relation to the UK and EC APAs and will have no impact on cash. Other Revenues not related to COVID-19 will be negative in 2022 due to the increased refund liability resulting from the amendment of the VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer.Given phasing of clinical trial expenses and accelerated wind-down of VLA2001 related activities  Valneva now expects lower R&D expenses of €95 million to €110 million compared to the €120 million to €135 million previously communicated. The Company remains committed to advancing its late-stage vaccine candidates and to further expanding its R&D pipeline  including  but not limited to  through the advancement of some of the Company’s pre-clinical candidates towards clinical entry.As part of the communicated reshape strategy  Valneva is in the process of re-sizing its operations which is expected to result in a reduction of approximately 20% to 25% of its existing workforce. Post restructuring  the Company’s total workforce is expected to be approximately 25% above pre-COVID levels enabling the Company to retain key talents and additional expertise to successfully execute on its strategy. This re-sizing and re-focusing is expected to result in annualized savings of approximately €12 million.Financial Information(unaudited results  consolidated per IFRS)€ in million Nine months ending September 30 2022 2021 Total revenues 249.9 69.8 Product sales 74.4 45.5 Net loss (99.1) (245.9) Adjusted EBITDA loss (38.0) (227.6) Cash (at end of period) 261.0 247.9Saint-Herblain (France)  November 10  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today reported consolidated financial results for the first nine months of the year  ended September 30  2022. The condensed consolidated interim financial results are available on the Company’s website (Financial Reports – Valneva).Valneva will provide a live webcast of its nine months financial results conference call beginning at3 p.m. CET/9 a.m. EST today. This webcast will also be available on the Company’s website. Please refer to this link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/cay4shasThomas Lingelbach  Valneva’s Chief Executive Officer  commented  “Valneva is continuing to successfully execute on its key activities. Raising over €100 million in the current economic environment  attracting new investors  and maintaining support of our existing shareholders clearly underlines the value of the Company’s fundamentals  its R&D pipeline and our strategic ambitions. We will continue to fully pursue the Company’s strategic priorities  including advancing our chikungunya vaccine candidate towards marketing approval and launch  completing the Phase 3 trial of our Lyme disease vaccine candidate  progressing pre-clinical assets  and focusing on strengthening our clinical pipeline. The re-sizing of our operations will allow us to increase efficiency and focus on achieving our operational and strategic business objectives.”Clinical Stage Vaccine CandidatesLYME DISEASE VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA15Phase 3 study initiatedValneva and Pfizer are developing VLA15  a Lyme disease vaccine candidate that targets the outer surface protein A (OspA) of Borrelia burgdorferi  the bacteria that cause Lyme disease. The vaccine candidate covers the six OspA serotypes expressed by Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato species that are prevalent in North America and Europe.Recruitment of approximately 6 000 participants five years of age and older for the Phase 3 clinical study “VALOR” (Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists) is currently ongoing in highly endemic regions in the United States and Europe3. Enrollment for the study  which investigates the efficacy  safety  and immunogenicity of VLA15  is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023. As per the terms of the collaboration agreement between the two companies  Valneva received a $25 million milestone payment from Pfizer in October following initiation of the Phase 3 study.Pending successful Phase 3 completion  Pfizer could potentially submit a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. FDA and a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2025.Valneva and Pfizer entered into a collaboration agreement in April 2020 to co-develop VLA154. In June 2022  the terms of this collaboration were updated  and Pfizer invested €90.5 ($95) million in Valneva as part of an Equity Subscription Agreement5.Valneva will continue to pay its 40% contribution to the Phase 3 activities over 2022 and 2023.If approved  Pfizer will commercialize VLA15 and Valneva will be eligible to receive substantial milestone and royalty payments.CHIKUNGUNYA VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA1553BLA rolling submission with U.S. FDA initiatedVLA1553 is a live-attenuated  single-dose vaccine candidate against the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a mosquito-borne virus that has spread to more than 120 countries with the potential to rapidly expand further. There are currently no preventive vaccines or effective treatments for the chikungunya virus available  and VLA1553 is currently the only chikungunya vaccine candidate that successfully completed pivotal Phase 3 studies6 7 and the first chikungunya vaccine candidate for which a regulatory filing process has been initiated with the U.S. FDA.Valneva initiated BLA rolling submission with the FDA for approval of VLA1553 in persons aged 18 years and above in August 20228. This BLA submission is part of the accelerated approval pathway agreed with the FDA in 20209 and follows final pivotal Phase 3 data in March 202210 and final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 202211.Valneva expects to complete its BLA submission by the end of 2022. Once completed  and if the FDA accepts the filing  the FDA will determine priority review eligibility along with the action due date upon which it will complete its evaluation. The program received FDA Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations in 2018 and 2021  respectively. VLA1553 was also granted PRIority MEdicine (PRIME) designation by the EMA in 2020. Valneva currently plans to make additional regulatory submissions for VLA1553 in the first half of 2023.Valneva has presented and will continue to present clinical data for VLA1553 at high-profile medical and scientific congresses12. Recently  the Company highlighted additional immunological results from an expanded panel of serological samples from adults over 65 years of age who received VLA1553 at the American Society for Tropical Medicine and Hygiene (ASTMH) Annual Meeting. Similar to the pivotal data presented previously  the results from the expanded cohort continue to show that older adults generated similarly high seroresponse rates compared to younger adults in the pivotal Phase 3 study13. The Company is also expecting to report twelve-month antibody persistence data in late 2022.At the recent meeting of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)  Valneva presented an overview of VLA1553 safety and immunogenicity results and the chikungunya working group provided a preliminary review and timeline towards ACIP’s recommendation decision. Ahead of the anticipated February 2024 ACIP vote  the working group plans to present further on CHIKV traveler epidemiology and disease burden  a more comprehensive review of immunogenicity and safety data as part of its Grading of Recommendations  Assessment  Development and Evaluation (GRADE) assessment  and longer-term additional data in younger age groups.A clinical trial of VLA1553 in adolescents is also ongoing in Brazil14 for which topline results are expected in the first half of 2023. This trial may support future regulatory submissions and label extensions following a potential initial regulatory approval in adults in the U.S. This ongoing clinical trial conducted by Instituto Butantan and funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) is also expected to support licensure of the vaccine in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in an endemic region.Pre-Clinical Vaccine CandidatesThe Company continues to progress select pre-clinical assets and focus on strengthening its future clinical pipeline. The Company is currently focused on two pre-clinical assets  VLA1554 and VLA2112. The hMPV candidate  VLA1554  is a pre-fusion recombinant protein subunit vaccine targeting the human metapneumovirus (hMPV)  which is a major worldwide respiratory pathogen that causes acute upper and lower respiratory tract infection in children and is a common cause of morbidity and mortality in immunocompromised patients and in older adults. VLA1554 is currently in pre-clinical proof of concept studies. VLA2112 is a vaccine candidate targeting the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)  which is one of the most common human viruses and can cause infectious mononucleosis and other illnesses. VLA2112 is currently in a late-stage evaluation phase.Commercial VaccinesJAPANESE ENCEPHALITIS VACCINE (IXIARO®/JESPECT®)IXIARO® is the only Japanese encephalitis vaccine licensed and available in the U.S.  Canada and Europe.In the first nine months of 2022  IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €22.9 million compared to €33.7 million in the first nine months of 2021  as a result of the planned delivery schedule to the U.S. Department of Defense. This decrease was partly offset by the private travel markets  which showed significant recovery with IXIARO®/JESPECT® private sales reaching €19.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €4.6 million in the first nine months of 2021.CHOLERA / ETEC15-DIARRHEA VACCINE (DUKORAL®)DUKORAL® is an oral vaccine for the prevention of diarrhea caused by Vibrio cholerae and/or heat-labile toxin producing ETEC16  the leading cause of travelers’ diarrhea. DUKORAL® is authorized for use in the European Union and Australia to protect against cholera  and in Canada  Switzerland  New Zealand and Thailand to protect against cholera and ETEC.In the first nine months of 2022  DUKORAL® sales increased to €9.2 million compared to €0.5 million in the first nine months of 2021  also benefitting from the significant recovery in the private travel markets.SARS-CoV-2 INACTIVATED WHOLE-VIRUS VACCINEValneva’s COVID-19 vaccine  VLA2001  is the only inactivated whole-virus COVID-19 vaccine approved in Europe17 and was the first COVID-19 vaccine to receive a full marketing authorization from the European Medicines Agency (EMA). It is produced using Valneva’s established Vero-cell platform  leveraging the manufacturing technology for the Company’s commercial Japanese encephalitis vaccine  IXIARO®.In addition to its marketing approval in Europe  Valneva’s COVID-19 vaccine received conditional marketing authorization in the United Kingdom18 and emergency use authorization in the United Arab Emirates19 and Kingdom of Bahrain20. During the third quarter of 2022  the World Health Organization (WHO) also issued recommendations for use of the vaccine  including for a booster dose of VLA2001 four to six months after completion of the primary series. The vaccine generated sales of €23.9 million during the first nine months of 2022.Following a revised purchase agreement with the EC in July 2022  which included VLA2001 orders of 1.25 million21  Valneva has been delivering doses to participating EU Member States (Germany  Austria  Denmark  Finland  and Bulgaria). Valneva has retained inventory for potential additional supply to these EU Member States should demand increase and  in parallel  is continuing discussions on potential additional supply and financing agreements with various other governments around the world to deploy remaining inventory. VLA2001’s shelf life is expected to be extended to up to 24 months  compared to 15 months currently.Valneva reported first positive heterologous booster results for VLA2001 in August 202222 and expects additional heterologous booster data following primary vaccination with an mRNA vaccine or natural COVID-19 infection in the fourth quarter of 2022.Subject to regulatory assessments  heterologous booster results may support label extensions for VLA2001  additional product approvals and/or additional scientific recommendations.In light of the reduced order volume from EU Member States  Valneva suspended internal and terminated external manufacturing of VLA2001. Valneva is executing its “reshape” strategy including re-sizing which will allow the Company to increase efficiency and focus on its operational and strategic business objectives.THIRD-PARTY DISTRIBUTIONValneva distributes certain third-party vaccines in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure. In June 2020  the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic  pursuant to which it agreed to commercialize Bavarian Nordic’s marketed vaccines for rabies (Rabipur®/RabAvert®) and tick-borne encephalitis  leveraging its commercial infrastructure in Canada  the United Kingdom  France and Austria. In September 2022  Valneva also announced a partnership with VBI Vaccines for the marketing and distribution of the only3-antigen Hepatitis B vaccine  PreHevbri®  in select European markets23. Valneva and VBI expect PreHevbri to be available in these countries in early 2023.In the first nine months of 2022  third party product sales increased by 64.6% to €18.4 million from €11.2 million in the first nine months of 2021.Nine-Month 2022 Financial Review(Unaudited  consolidated under IFRS)RevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €249.9 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €69.8 million in the first nine months of 2021  an increase of 257.8%.Product sales  including COVID-19 vaccine sales  increased by 63.7% to €74.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €45.5 million in the first nine months of 2021. Foreign currency fluctuations contributed positively to €4.9 million of the change in product sales. Product sales from commercial products amounted to €50.6 million in the first nine months of 2022  an increase of 11.2% compared to the first nine months of 2021. Product sales related to COVID-19 amounted to €23.9 million.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales decreased by 32.1% to €22.9 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €33.7 million in the first nine months of 2021  primarily as a result of the planned delivery schedule to the DoD during the period. This decrease was partly offset by the private travel markets  which showed significant recovery with IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales reaching €19.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €4.6 million in the first nine months of 2021. Foreign currency fluctuations also contributed positively for €4.6 million to the change in IXIARO® product sales. DUKORAL® also benefited from this recovery in the private travel market as sales increased significantly to €9.2 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €0.5 million in the first nine months of 2021. COVID-19 vaccine sales amounted to €23.9 million resulting from shipments to participating EU Member States and Bahrain. Third Party product sales increased by 64.6% to €18.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 from €11.2 million in the first nine months of 2021  driven by growth related to Valneva’s distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic for the sale of Rabipur®/RabAvert® and Encepur®.Other Revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services  amounted to €175.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €24.4 million in the first nine months of 2021. This increase is attributable to €89.4 million of released refund liability as a result of the settlement with the UK government as well as a release of non-refundable advance payments from EU Member States amounting to €110.8 million. This was partially offset by €36.1 million of negative revenue resulting from an increase in the refund liability linked to the amendment to the VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer. Valneva’s future contribution to the VLA15 Phase 3 study will go against the refund liability included in the balance sheet.Operating Result and adjusted EBITDACosts of goods and services sold (COGS) were €202.7 million in the first nine months of 2022. The gross margin on commercial product sales amounted to 55.4% compared to 37.8% in the first nine months of 2021. COGS of €6.4 million related to IXIARO® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 72.0%. COGS of €3.7 million related to DUKORAL® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 60.0%  which was positively impacted by provision releases resulting from reduced expiry risks on inventory. Of the remaining COGS in the first nine months of 2022  €12.4 million were related to the Third-Party products distribution business  €174.0 million to the COVID-19 vaccine business and €6.2 million to cost of services. COGS of the COVID-19 vaccine program included effects from the significant reduction of sales volumes to EU Member States. In the first nine months of 2021  overall COGS were €159.6 million  of which €142.4 million related to cost of goods and €17.2 million related to cost of services.Research and development expenses amounted to €75.4 million in the first nine months of 2022  compared to €117.2 million in the first nine months of 2021. This decrease was mainly driven by lower clinical trials costs for Valneva’s chikungunya vaccine program advancing towards licensure as well as reduced spend on the COVID-19 program. Marketing and distribution expenses in the first nine months of 2022 amounted to €13.1 million compared to €15.0 million in the first nine months of 2021. Marketing and distribution expenses in the first nine months of 2022 notably included €4.3 million of expenses related to the launch preparation costs for Valneva’s chikungunya vaccine candidate  VLA1553  compared to €2.8 million in the first nine months of 2021. In the first nine months of 2022  general and administrative expenses declined to €23.3 million from €31.7 million in the first nine months of 2021. COGS  research and development  marketing and distribution as well as general and administrative expenses benefited from a non-cash accrual adjustment of €30.6 million related to the positive effect of the Company’s share price development on the employee share-based compensation programs. This income compares to a cost of €13.7 million in the first nine months of 2021.Other income  net of other expenses  reduced to €7.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 from €16.0 million in the first nine months of 2021. This decrease was mainly driven by reduced R&D tax credits directly resulting from lower R&D spending and an increase of other expenses related to the provision for the ongoing Vivalis / Intercell merger litigation proceedings.Valneva recorded an operating loss of €57.1 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €237.6 million in the first nine months of 2021  of which the COVID-19 operating loss represented €14.2 million and €194.4 million in the first nine months of 2022 and 2021  respectively and the other segments represented €42.9 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €43.2 million in the first nine months of 2021. Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) loss in the first nine months of 2022 was €38.0 million compared to an adjusted EBITDA loss of €227.6 million in the first nine months of 2021.Net ResultIn the first nine months of 2022  Valneva generated a net loss of €99.1 million compared to a net loss of €245.9 million in the first nine months of 2021.Finance expense and foreign currency effects in the first nine months of 2022 resulted in a net finance expense of €39.8 million  compared to a net finance expense of €6.6 million in the first nine months of 2021. This was mainly a result of a foreign exchange loss amounting to €26.5 million in the first nine months of 2022  primarily driven by non-cash revaluation results of non-Euro denominated balance sheet positions  compared to a net foreign exchange gain of €5.3 million in the first nine months of 2021. Interest expenses net of interest income were €13.3 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €11.9 million in the first nine months of 2021.Cash Flow and LiquidityNet cash used in operating activities amounted to €189.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €36.5 million of cash generated by operating activities in the first nine months of 2021. Cash outflows in the first nine months of 2022 were mainly related to the operating loss generated in the period and non-cash revenues (cash received in previous periods)  while during the first nine months of 2021 cash inflows mainly resulted from pre-payments received related to the vaccine supply agreement signed with the UK government.Cash outflows from investing activities amounted to €22.5 million in the first nine months of 2022 compared to €69.9 million in the first nine months of 2021  both mainly a result of COVID-19-related construction activities across production sites in Scotland and Sweden  as well as equipment purchases.Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to €121.6 million in the first nine months of 2022  which was mainly a result of proceeds from the equity subscription agreement with Pfizer as well as a draw-down in September on the credit facility provided by Deerfield & Orbimed24. Cash inflows in the first nine months of 2021 amounted to €74.6 million which was mainly a result of proceeds from issuance of new shares in the U.S. initial public offering and European private placement in May of 2021.Cash and cash equivalents decreased to €261.0 million as of September 30  2022  compared to €346.7 million as of December 31  2021 and consisted of €258.1 million in cash and €3.0 million in restricted cash. The cash decrease mainly resulted from COVID-19-related investments into fixed assets  R&D and Manufacturing expenses. Net proceeds from the recent global offering were received in October and are not included in the cash position reported per September 30  2022.Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresManagement uses and presents IFRS results  as well as the non-IFRS measure of Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate and communicate its performance. While non-IFRS measures should not be construed as alternatives to IFRS measures  management believes non-IFRS measures are useful to further understand Valneva’s current performance  performance trends  and financial condition.Adjusted EBITDA is a common supplemental measure of performance used by investors and financial analysts. Management believes this measure provides additional analytical tools. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings (loss) for the period before income tax  finance income/expense  foreign exchange gain/(loss)  results from investments in associates  amortization  depreciation  and impairment.A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the period  which is the most directly comparable IFRS measure  is set forth below:€ in million Nine months ending September 30 (unaudited results  consolidated per IFRS) 2022 2021 Loss for the period (99.1) (245.9) Add: Income tax expense 2.2 1.6 Total Finance income (0.1) (0.2) Total Finance expense 13.4 12.1 Foreign exchange gain/(loss) – net 26.5 (5.3) Result from investments in associates - 0.1 Amortization 5.3 4.9 Depreciation 10.6 5.1 Impairment 3.3 - Adjusted EBITDA (38.0) (227.6)About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to successfully commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including but not limited to statements regarding expected total revenues and R&D spending for full fiscal year 2022  product sales  possible regulatory approvals of product candidates  the re-shaping of the Company’s operations  initiation and progression of clinical trials  and development of pre-clinical vaccine candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the occurrence of any of which could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces Closing of Upsized €102.9 Million Global Offering - Valneva2 Valneva Announces Upsized Financing Arrangement with Leading US Healthcare Funds Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva3 Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15 - Valneva4 Valneva and Pfizer Announce Collaboration to Co-Develop and Commercialize Lyme Disease Vaccine  VLA155 Valneva and Pfizer Enter into an Equity Subscription Agreement and Update Terms of Collaboration Agreement for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA156 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva7 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva8 Valneva Initiates Rolling Submission of FDA Biologics License Application for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva9 Valneva Reports Positive End-of-Phase 2 Chikungunya Meeting with the U.S. FDA; Sets Stage for Phase 3 Study10 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva11 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva12 Valneva to Present on its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate at Leading Scientific Conferences - Valneva13 Presentation at ASTMH: Chikungunya: Phase 3 Clinical Development of a Single-shot Live-Attenuated Vaccine14 Valneva Announces Initiation of Adolescent Phase 3 Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva15 Indications differ by country - Please refer to Product / Prescribing Information (PI) / Medication Guide approved in your respective countries for complete information  incl. dosing  safety and age groups in which this vaccine is licensed  ETEC = Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (E. Coli) bacterium.16 Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) is a type of Escherichia coli and one of the leading bacterial causes of diarrhea in the developing world  as well as the most common cause of travelers’ diarrhea.17 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in Europe for Inactivated Whole-Virus COVID-19 Vaccine VLA200118 Valneva Receives Conditional Marketing Authorization from UK MHRA for its Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine – Valneva19 Valneva Receives Emergency Use Authorization from the United Arab Emirates for its Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine20 Valneva Receives Emergency Use Authorization from Bahrain for its Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001 – Valneva21 Valneva Confirms Amendment of Advance Purchase Agreement with European Commission for Valneva’s Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine - Valneva22 Valneva Reports Further Positive Phase 3 Immunogenicity and the First Heterologous Booster Results for its Inactivated  Adjuvanted COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001 - Valneva23 Valneva and VBI Vaccines Announce European Partnership for Marketing and Distribution of PreHevbri® - Valneva24 Valneva Announces Upsized Financing Arrangement with Leading US Healthcare Funds Deerfield and OrbiMed - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Nine-Month 2022 Results', 'Corporate Updates', 'Valneva', 'nine months financial results conference call', 'previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreements', 'Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate', 'Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate', 'consolidated interim financial results', 'lower R&D expenses', 'ncial G uidance Valneva', 'Total n ine-month revenue', 'first nine months', 'R&D pipeline', 'upsized global offering', 'Orbimed loan agreement2', 'U.S. Food', 'late-stage vaccine candidates', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'current economic environment', 'COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'travel vaccine sales', 'Phase 3 study recruitment', 'Biologics License Application', 'Advance Purchase Agreement', 'VLA2001 related activities', 'late-stage clinical programs', 'clinical trial expenses', 'COVID-19 revenue recognition', 'Ongoing rolling submission', 'specialty vaccine company', 'COVID-19 product sales', 'supply challenges', 'unaudited results', 'Financial Information', 'Financial Reports', 'license agreement', 'Phase 3 trial', 'clinical pipeline', 'travel vaccines', 'total revenues', 'pre-clinical candidates', 'total workforce', 'key activities', 'clinical entry', 'English French', '3.5-fold increase', 'continued recovery', 'double digits', 'other revenues', 'gross proceeds', 'final tranche', 'progress ion', 'second quarter', 'Drug Administration', 'pre-clinical assets', 'human metapneumovirus', 'Epstein-Barr virus', 'European Commission', 'United Kingdom', 'refund liability', 'VLA15 collaboration', 'existing workforce', 'pre-COVID levels', 'key talents', 'additional expertise', 'annualized savings', 'Net loss', 'EBITDA loss', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'new investors', 'existing shareholders', 'strategic ambitions', 'strategic priorities', 'marketing approval', 'strategic bu', 'EC APAs', 'prior period', 'enrollment completion', 'reshape strategy', 'Valneva SE', 'live webcast', 'The Company', 'cash equivalents', 'end', 'September', 'October', 'Deerfield', 'BLA', 'FDA', 'Progression', 'focus', 'VLA1554', 'VLA2112', 'payments', 'UK', 'relation', 'impact', 'Pfizer', 'phasing', 'wind-down', 'advancement', 'part', 'process', 'operations', 'reduction', 'restructuring', 'sizing', 'IFRS', 'million', 'France', 'November', 'year', 'website', 'link', 'media', 'server', 'cay4shas', 'support', 'value', 'fundamentals', 'launch', 'efficiency', 'operational']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13048,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-reports-q3-revenue-growth-y-o-y-and-announces-significant-increase-in-subscription-and-service-prices-deployment-of-the-most-advanced-version-of-artpricecom-301673766.html,Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com,PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other th…,"PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com reports Q3 revenue growth (y-o-y) and announces significant increase in subscription and service prices  deployment of the most advanced version of Artprice.com in mid-December which will lead  among other things  to a change in the economic model with paid advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services  its Artist pages and its Web 3.0 dimension.Future events in Q4 2022 and Q1 2023In mid-December 2022  Artprice by Artmarket will deploy its new version  the most advanced in its history  that will allow it to provide a much more comprehensive response to customer inquiries and information queries in this digital decade. After a development phase extended by 18 months due to the Covid pandemic  this major revamp has involved all of Artprice's databases and services.After a call for tenders at the end of 2019  Artprice by Artmarket selected a team of very high-level and committed external consultants to audit and develop a complete overhaul of Artprice.com  with a solid UI/UX approach (UX and UI respectively stand for User Experience and User Interface). The results of this user-centric approach will be visible in mid-December.The new website will also boast a new economic model with the inclusion of paying advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services. These advertisers will be primarily the 6 400 auction houses worldwide affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and which now conduct 98% of their sales online. They will now be able to highlight their future sales in paying advertiser mode  based on the search criteria used by Artprice's 5.4 million users. The resulting targeting will be extremely relevant.We note that for over 50 years  the economic model of auction houses has systematically involved advertising costs – announcing details of upcoming sales – that accounted for approximately 34% of their overall costs  regardless of the country or the size of their activity.Since auctions are now 98% advertised on the Internet  the pressure from Artprice-affiliated auction houses in 2022 to promote their sales for a fee has found the best solution on our new website. It is only logical that auction houses now consider their advertisement of future sales (34% of the cost of the sale) makes more sense on the Internet rather than in the printed press.In the past  Artprice has always considered online advertising incompatible with its databases in terms of readability and notoriety. It was therefore a major challenge to respond to demand from auction houses for advertising while maintaining Artprice's core DNA.In the new roll-out  the 6 400 auction operators will be able to integrate and merge the announcements of their future sales into the entire industrial process of Artprice by Artmarket  along with ""pushing"" the artists selected as favorites to Artprice's 5.4 million users (alerts by text messages  RSS  instant messaging  e-mail  My Artists page  etc.).It is quite possible that the advertising revenue generated by these 6 400 auction houses affiliated with Artprice since 1997 will ultimately exceed our subscription revenue (currently 90% of Artprice's total revenue). Artprice therefore believes that by responding to a long-standing request from its partner auction houses  the new business model could double its future revenue.In responding to the numerous and repeated requests from its 6 400 affiliated auction houses around the world to be able to profitably advertise their future sales  Artprice has made every effort to remain faithful to its principle of prioritizing the readability of its databases.Significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in early January 2023   a complete overhaul of the Artists Pages in AI and Web 3.0  Art NFTs for better global visibility of the 800 000 artists listed by Artprice by ArtmarketArtmarket.com will be introducing a significant increase in subscriptions and services fees in January 2023 that will generate an increase in future income. As Artmarket.com has been profitable for a decade  the bulk of the additional revenue will translate into additional net income because under the French fiscal regime  we can generate up to 90 million euros p/a without incurring additional tax charges.The fee increases follow extensive consultation with Artprice by Artmarket customers who will continue to benefit from our databases and services  being well aware that they find essential data in Artprice that they cannot find anywhere else. Our indisputable position as World Leader in Art Market Information since 1997 must now be commercially exploited at its true value. Remember that our databases are continually updated with ultra-detailed and qualified data: well over a million new data logs every year.According to a consensus of art market professionals  Artprice's databases are today unquestionably the most comprehensive in the world with nearly 800 000 artists referenced with their biographies  auction results  indices  decision-making support tools  signatures & monograms  information about past and future sales. In total  this adds up to several tens of millions of inter-connected and high value-added data logs  all protected by various intellectual property rights.Despite the substantial price increase  Artprice by Artmarket's offer remains by far the best-placed compared with the slowly evolving offer from our competition which offers limited-search annual professional subscriptions (e.g. 150 queries for €350/year  450 queries for €975/year and  in the event of overrun  €2.45 per search). (Information certified by Court Bailiff in November 2022).In the world of ""unlimited"" offers  these offers are quite simply anachronistic. Moreover  the competitions' offer is based on data regarding only 330 000 artists and from a selection of only 1 600 auction houses  whereas Artprice by Artmarket covers 800 000 artists and 6 400 auction houses  with unlimited subscriptions from €265 to €529/year including a range of indices  decision-making tools and signatures & monograms that is unique in the world. In short  Artprice's offer will remain highly competitive even after the fee increase and with further margin for additional price rises in the future.Somewhat counter-intuitively – given the geopolitical and economic context – the global art market is displaying insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for works from all artistic periods  regardless of the country  during recent sales sessions. And there have been no cancellations of classic and/or prestige cataloged sales for 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that art is a safe-haven investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which has clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices. The current period of stock market jitters has channeled new funds and investments into the art market. As the end of the year approaches  it is clear that the war in Ukraine and fears of a major recession have not had a negative impact on the art market.On 8 November last  AFP  the French Press Agency  highlighted this phenomenon in an article titled ""Collection of Microsoft co-founder could fetch over a billion dollars in New York""  adding ""By auctioning in New York the art collected by Paul Allen (Microsoft's co-founder who died in 2018)  Christie's is aiming for a historic sales record in a bold move that reflects a market whose indicators are higher than ever  despite the geopolitical and economic crises.""During December 2022  as part of our major revamp  we will be introducing significant changes to the presentation of our databases and Artist Pages on Artprice by Artmarket. This development  conceived with a UI/UX approach  will therefore be effective ahead of the tariff increase with the objective of boosting Artmarket.com's revenues from the very start of 2023.Conceived after 18 months of in-depth analysis by a highly specialized team of UI/UX consultants  the changes we are introducing take into account the sentiment of users when they navigate our digital media (databases and services). The objective of UX design is to enhance the experience of Artprice customers and/or prospective customers as much as possible in order to make it easier and more intuitive  both on mobile and desktop devices. As a result of these changes the expectations and needs of Artprice's customers and users will be better satisfied.Thanks to UX design  online navigation is more fluid and more effective. It eliminates the incomprehension that users often encounters in their daily online experiences and takes into account not just the logistics of online navigation  but also the 'emotional' aspect of online navigation.The Interface aspect (UI design) of our modifications has focused on enhancing the interaction of Artprice users with our databases and services. This approach has been used at all stages in the development of our new website  right through to its roll-out in mid-December 2022.Unlike UX (user experience)  UI is more focused on the visual aspect in order to attract the user's eye and to encourage Artprice users to remain on the various databases and services. The UI approach has facilitated navigation through all of Artprice's decision support tools. Its primary objective is to attract new prospects and customers  enthusiasts  collectors and art market professionals. Thus  Artprice has modified its R&D policy by collaborating in a highly selective manner with the very best consultants in the field in order to acquire new market shares.The Artists Pages are the principal and most common entry points to all of Artprice's databases and services because artists are the foundation on which the art market has been based since its origin. It is for this reason that our website revamp has aimed to reposition artists at the heart of the art market  a position that is inevitable with the production of Art NFTs which are one of the foundations of Web 3.0.This global overhaul of Artprice aims to give its customers and users a better experience  in line with their needs  after several years of collecting and analyzing their queries  in strict compliance with the legislation in force in Europe and the USA.This overhaul includes  of course  the arrival of Art NFTs  the growth of which is exponential and constitutes a paradigm shift for artists in the art market who find themselves once again masters of their destiny  as was the case during the Renaissance.All of the art market's market-makers  and in particular the majority of its auction houses around the world  now have an NFT department for cataloged and online sales throughout the year. Likewise  all the major structures in the museum/art galleries industry are starting to publish their own NFTs.In addition  the major overhaul of Artprice by Artmarket.com will at last allow the exploitation of the largest proprietary collection of original manuscripts and printed sales catalogs in the world. Dating back to 1700  and owned by Artprice  this collection is the very foundation of Artprice's digital standardization of the art market and of its position as the World Leader in Art Market Information for the past 25 years.Thus  Artprice users and prospects will now be able to navigate from the Artist Pages to several centuries of knowledge that Artprice by Artmarket's historians and editors have been organizing over the last 25 years  allowing them to immerse themselves in the exceptional and mysterious history of the art market.These new pages will highlight the wealth of Artmarket.com's databases and services  with high added value. The use of algorithmic AI (Artificial Intelligence) will allow access to very relevant and personalized recommendations  to enhance customers' knowledge of the art market and to generate more sophisticated subscriptions and therefore more business revenue.Indeed  this feature takes Artprice by Artmarket clients and users into a Web 3.0 dimension and – by extension – into the domain of Art NFTs  thereby giving Artmarket.com a considerable lead in its core business.During the course of the development of our major roll-out scheduled in December 2022  Artprice listened to both its historical customers and its new customers and prospects.Indeed  with cryptocurrencies  Art NFTs and the Metaverse  new collectors and art enthusiasts have arrived  often considerably younger than their predecessors. There are now more than 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs. Accustomed to speculation and risk-taking  but art enthusiasts and collectors nonetheless  they have absolutely no intention of abandoning their Web 3.0 crypto-universe.These are the new clients of Artmarket.com  whose services they have frequently requested. Their main demand in recent years has been that we post art prices in ETH and BTC in all Artprice databases.This huge global community could not understand why Artprice's reference databases only quoted prices in the world's main fiat currencies  without the two main cryptocurrencies (ETH and BTC)  which weigh more than 82% of the 21 000 cryptocurrencies (excluding Stablecoins).Appreciating the business opportunity represented by 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs  Artprice by Artmarket's IT  econometric and marketing teams therefore moved quickly to respond positively to their demand.Artmarket.com has therefore once again taken a major step forward that required considerable reflection and an imposing volume of work. As a result since September 2022  Artprice now quotes 8 828 384 art auction results in Bitcoin (going back to 1 February 2011 when 1 Bitcoin was worth $0.7  £0.434031 and €0.50707) and 5 814 866 art auction results in Ethereum (going back to 7 August 2015 when 1 Ethereum was worth $3  £1.93626 and €2.735523).Naturally  the tens of millions of calculations underlying this ambitious project were made using the value of the respective cryptocurrencies on the days the respective sales were concluded. The values were calculated by Artmarket.com's proprietary IT systems.https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/09/12/artmarket_com-adds-ethereum-and-bitcoin-to-its-multi-currency-artprice-databases-to-meet-the-needs-of-its-customers-and-prepareSince 1997 Artprice's primary ambition has been to foster art market transparency by expanding knowledge from a circle of insiders to the general population in order to facilitate its development and growth. The new presentation of Artprice by Artmarket will enhance this transparency through access to verified  verifiable and above all contextualized data.Indeed  when navigating our new website  clients and members of Artprice by Artmarket will intuitively dive into the heart of art market news and will be privileged players within a human and educational approach  which is often lacking in the world of the GAFAs.Over the years  Artprice  as the World Leader in Art Market Information  has been a partner in numerous essential and historic collaborations with artists. Their contributions have been clearly reflected in the development of our new interface with users.The other essential collaboration has of course been with the auction houses which will now have a growing interest in collaborating with Artprice. Henceforward we will promote their future sales with discreet and effective prestige  thereby generating new recurring income for Artprice with its proprietary Intranet  which has been the reference work tool for auction houses for many years.After two years of R&D – extended by the circumstances of the Covid pandemic – Artmarket.com customers  partners and members will be able to immerse themselves in a new experience at the heart of the art market. This is undoubtedly one of the founding steps for the future of Artprice by Artmarket  with its positioning fundamentally improved by the referencing of images on search engines (SEOs) and the dual objectives of increasing traffic in order to conquer new market shares and to monopolize the market for the certification of primary issues of Art NFTs.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice:""Artprice by Artmarket.com has patiently and methodically given itself all the means to evolve in response to the needs of Art Market professionals. All the indicators are positive for the future and we project a doubling of revenue  notably by opening up to paying advertisers integrated into our services and databases.We have also developed  since 2017  processes to optimize the use of our servers  by limiting the power required and reducing the energy consumption of Artprice's Data Centers by 40%. This has been achieved by using the principle of micro-grids which allow a better exploitation of production units (a multiple technologies decision) and the use of mainly renewable energies.Through its commitment to the micro-grid  the Artprice by Artmarket Data Centers are part of a responsible and shared environmental logic (without risk for Artprice's processing requirements) which involves analyzing the evolution of renewable energies with regard to new applied sciences and ongoing research according to the principle of ""formativity"" (notion coined by Luigi Pareyson).Given the generous geography of our head office (Domaine de la Source  built in 1630)  we are developing  with partners  a 'climatic' system based on the technique of artesian wells which capture water from deep layers of subsoil. This system will be protected by patents that will be filed by Artprice and Server Group  and it will respond in an ecologically responsible manner to the current energy crisis which is far more serious than the two oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 and which is only just beginning.As a global leader  Artprice considers eco-responsibility a philosophical and moral obligation. It is coherent with our market position  our corporate culture and the sentiments of our customers.Moreover  as regards the exchange of Art NFTs on its Marketplace and given the current energy context  Artmarket.com is pleased to have preferred Ethereum for a long time and fully supports the remarks by France's Minister of the Economy  Mr. Bruno Le Maire  as indicated in a previous press release:https://www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/10/20/artmarket_com-already-positioned-on-nfts-with-artprice-reacts-to-an-interview-on-bfm-crypto-with-bruno-le-maire-and-notably-hisArtprice by Artmarket.com confirms that in the first two quarters of 2022  the phenomenon of Art NFTs became a lasting segment of the art market on all continents with an acceleration of turnover and volumes in the second half of 2022 due notably to the purge of crypto-currencies and much more favorable new legislation in the USA as well as the introduction of regulatory framework in Europe that prevents crypto-abuse/fraud and enhances the confidence of consumers  investors and operators.These regulations have been the subject of studies  colloquia and proposals to major French and European government bodies by Blanche Sousi and the Art & Law Institute  where Artprice by Artmarket has been heavily involved as a long-standing member since 1997.Artprice invites you to read the latest Banques Notes published by the European Center for Research in Banking and Finance  with the analysis of Blanche Sousi  Professor Emeritus of the University of Lyon 3  Jean Monnet Chair ad personam in European banking and monetary law:""The European Regulation MiCAR has just been adopted: are NFTs regulated? No  but…"": https://banque-notes.eu/le-reglement-europeen-micar-vient-detre-adopte-les-nfts-sont-ils-reglementes-non-mais/thierry Ehrmann  Founder of Artprice and CEO of Artmarket.com emphasizes: ""In its various annual reports on the Art Market and its regulated information  Artprice by Artmarket.com has always said with regard to NFTs that it is impossible to apprehend this new market without a perfect knowledge of the relevant Monetary & Financial Codes and Intellectual Property Codes of the countries in which the market is operating. Similarly  to appreciate the nature of this market (experiencing exponential growth)  one also needs a true understanding of Blockchain  crypto-currencies and their cultural origins among the Cypherpunks (period of PGP-type data encryption at the beginning of 1990).""Copyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.coml Don't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]l Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demol Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 800 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6400 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comArtprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.9 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact:Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.41,True,English,"['Q3 revenue growth', 'Artmarket.com', 'significant increase', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'subscription', 'deployment', 'Artprice.', 'million new data logs', 'committed external consultants', 'entire industrial process', 'French fiscal regime', 'decision-making support tools', 'additional tax charges', 'art market professionals', 'solid UI/UX approach', 'Q3 revenue growth', 'additional net income', 'Art Market Information', 'new business model', 'Artprice-affiliated auction houses', 'partner auction houses', '6,400 affiliated auction houses', 'new economic model', 'additional revenue', '6,400 auction houses', 'Art NFTs', 'essential data', 'qualified data', 'new version', 'new website', 'new roll-out', 'information queries', 'user-centric approach', '5.4 million users', 'future income', '90 million euros', '6,400 auction operators', 'total revenue', 'future revenue', 'service prices', 'advanced version', 'other things', 'Artist pages', 'Future events', 'comprehensive response', 'customer inquiries', 'development phase', 'Covid pandemic', 'major revamp', 'complete overhaul', 'User Experience', 'User Interface', 'two decades', 'advertiser mode', 'search criteria', 'resulting targeting', 'overall costs', 'best solution', 'printed press', 'major challenge', 'core DNA', 'text messages', 'instant messaging', 'standing request', 'repeated requests', 'global visibility', 'extensive consultation', 'indisputable position', 'true value', 'advertising revenue', 'auction results', 'significant increase', 'advertising costs', 'online advertising', 'future sales', 'upcoming sales', 'subscription revenue', 'Artmarket.com', 'Web 3.0 dimension', 'digital decade', 'early January', 'fee increases', 'Artmarket customers', 'Artists page', 'paying advertisers', 'services fees', 'World Leader', 'Artprice.com', '800,000 artists', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'deployment', 'mid-December', 'change', 'databases', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'history', '18 months', 'call', 'tenders', 'team', 'high-level', 'inclusion', '50 years', 'details', 'country', 'size', 'activity', 'auctions', 'Internet', 'pressure', 'advertisement', 'sense', 'past', 'terms', 'readability', 'notoriety', 'demand', 'announcements', 'favorites', 'RSS', 'mail', 'My', 'long', 'numerous', 'effort', 'principle', 'subscriptions', 'bulk', 'ultra-detailed', 'consensus', 'biographies', 'indices', 'signatures', 'monograms', '2019']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13049,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veolia-environnement-launches-cash-tender-offer-to-purchase-any-and-all-of-its-6-750-notes-due-2038--301674225.html,Veolia Environnement Launches Cash Tender Offer to Purchase Any and All of its 6.750% Notes due 2038,"PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia Environnement S.A. (the ""Company"") today announced the commencement of an offer to purchase for cash (the ""Tender Offer"") any and all of its 6.750% Notes due 2038 (the ""2038 Notes""). The 2038 Notes have an aggregate…","PARIS  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia Environnement S.A. (the ""Company"") today announced the commencement of an offer to purchase for cash (the ""Tender Offer"") any and all of its 6.750% Notes due 2038 (the ""2038 Notes""). The 2038 Notes have an aggregate principal amount outstanding of $300 000 000.The purpose of the Tender Offer is to repurchase any and all of the aggregate $300 000 000 outstanding principal amount of 2038 Notes and thereby reduce the Company's outstanding indebtedness and interest expense.The Offer to Purchase dated November 10  2022 (the ""Offer to Purchase "" as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time) sets forth in further detail the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.2038 Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn (i) at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time on November 18  2022  unless extended or earlier terminated by the Company (as may be extended or earlier terminated  the ""Expiration Date"") or (ii) at or prior to 5:00 p.m  New York City time on the second business day after the Expiration Date  unless extended or earlier terminated by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion (the ""Guaranteed Delivery Date"") pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase  and accepted for purchase by the Company will be eligible to receive the purchase price (the ""Purchase Price"").The Purchase Price payable for the 2038 Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of the 2038 Notes calculated in accordance with the terms set forth in the Offer to Purchase  reflecting  as of the settlement date (the ""Settlement Date"") (currently expected to be November 23  2022)  a yield to the maturity date of the 2038 Notes equal to the sum of (i) yield to maturity  corresponding to the bid-side price of the U.S. Treasury reference security (""Reference Security"") specified in the table below and (ii) a fixed spread as set forth in the table below (""Fixed Spread"")  excluding accrued and unpaid interest on such 2038 Notes from the last interest payment date  but not including  the Settlement Date  ""Accrued Interest"")  all as more fully described in the Offer to Purchase.Title ofSecurity CUSIP /ISIN MaturityDate PrincipalAmountOutstanding AmountSubject toOffer U.S. TreasuryReferenceSecurity BloombergReferencePage(1) FixedSpread(basispoints) 6.750%Notes due2038 92334N AC7 /US92334NAC74 June 1 2038 $300 000 000 Any andall UST 3.375%due August 15 2042 (ISIN:US912810TK43) FIT1 145________ (1) The applicable page on Bloomberg from which the Dealer Managers will quote the bid side price of the U.S. Treasury SecurityTendered 2038 Notes may be withdrawn (i) at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 18  2022 (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the ""Withdrawal Date"") or (ii) if the Tender Offer is extended  the 10th business day after the commencement of the Tender Offer. In addition  tendered 2038 Notes may be withdrawn at any time after the 60th business day after the commencement of the Tender Offer if for any reason the Tender Offer has not been consummated by such date.The Purchase Price will be payable in cash. In addition  the Company will also pay Accrued Interest.The Company's obligation to accept for purchase  and to pay the Purchase Price for 2038 Notes validly tendered pursuant to the Tender Offer is subject to  and conditioned upon  the satisfaction or  where applicable  the Company's waiver  of a number of conditions described in the Offer to Purchase. The Company expressly reserves the right  in its sole discretion  subject to applicable law  to terminate the Tender Offer at any time prior to the Expiration Date. The Tender Offer is not contingent upon the tender of any minimum principal amount of 2038 Notes.The Company has retained Citigroup Global Markets Limited and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. to serve as the dealer managers for the Tender Offer (the ""Dealer Managers""). Global Bondholder Services Corporation has been retained to serve as the depositary and information agent (the ""Depositary and Information Agent"").For additional information regarding the terms of the Tender Offer  please contact Citigroup Global Markets Limited at +1 (800) 558-3745 (toll free in the United States)  or +44 20 7986 8969  or by email at [email protected] or MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at +1 (212) 405-7481  +1 (877) 744-4532 (toll free in the United States) or +33 1 70 91 42 79.All documents relating to the Tender Offer will be available via the offer website: https://www.gbsc-usa.com/veolia/. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender of 2038 Notes may be directed to Global Bondholder Services Corporation at 855-654-2015 (toll free in the United States).The Offer to Purchase is expected to be distributed to holders of 2038 Notes beginning today. Copies of the Offer to Purchase may also be obtained at no charge from Global Bondholder Services Corporation.None of the Company  the Dealer Managers or the Depositary and Information Agent makes any recommendation as to whether any holder of the 2038 Notes should tender or refrain from tendering all or any portion of the principal amount of the 2038 Notes.This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation to tender any of these 2038 Notes nor is it a solicitation for acceptance of the Tender Offer. The Company is making the Tender Offer only by  and pursuant to the terms of  the Offer to Purchase. The Tender Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders of 2038 Notes be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of 2038 Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws of such jurisdiction. This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase.United Kingdom. This communication and any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended. Accordingly  such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Promotion Order) or persons who are within Article 43(2) of the Financial Promotion Order or to a person who otherwise falls within an exemption set forth in the Financial Promotion Order or to any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order or in circumstances under which section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended  does not apply to the Company.France. The Tender Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in France and neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other document or material relating to the Tender Offer may be distributed to the public in France  except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)  as defined in  and in accordance with  Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and only such qualified investors are eligible to participate in the Tender Offer. Neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other offering material has been or will be submitted for clearance to  or approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Italy. None of the Tender Offer  the Offer to Purchase or any other document or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (""CONSOB"") pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. The Tender Offer is being carried out in Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24  1998  as amended (the ""Financial Services Act"") and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14  1999  as amended. Holders or beneficial owners of the 2038 Notes that are located in Italy can tender 2038 Notes for purchase in the Tender Offer through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of February 15  2018  as amended from time to time  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the 2038 Notes and/or the Tender Offer.Belgium. The Tender Offer does not constitute a public offering within the meaning of Articles 3  §1  1o and 6  §1  of the Belgian Law of April 1  2007 on public takeover bids (loi relative aux offres publiques d'acquisition/wet op de openbare overnamebiedingen) as amended (the ""Belgian Law on Public Takeover Bids""). Neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been submitted to or will be submitted for approval or recognition to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor financiële diensten en markten / Autorité des services et marchés financiers) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to Article 4  1o of the Belgian Law of July 11  2018 on public offering of securities and admission of securities to trading on regulated markets under Article 19 of the Belgian Law on Public Takeover Bids. Accordingly  the Tender Offer may not be advertised and the Tender Offer will not be extended  and neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer (including any memorandum  information circular  brochure or any similar documents) has been or shall be distributed or made available  directly or indirectly  to any person located or resident in Belgium other than ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation  acting on their own account. Insofar as Belgium is concerned  the Offer to Purchase has been issued only for the personal use of the above qualified investors and exclusively for the purpose of the Tender Offer. Accordingly  the information contained in the Offer to Purchase may not be used for any other purpose or disclosed to any other person in Belgium.Important DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. In some cases  these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""assume "" ""believe "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""will "" ""plan "" ""continue "" ""ongoing "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""risk "" ""target "" ""seek "" ""should"" or ""would"" and similar expressions or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology or by discussions of strategies  plans  objectives  targets  goals  future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They include statements regarding our intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  our results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies  our reserves and the industry in which we operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Given these risks and uncertainties  you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.Veolia group aims to be the benchmark company for ecological transformation. In 2022  with nearly 220 000 employees worldwide  the Veolia group designs and provides game-changing solutions that are both useful and practical for water  waste and energy management. Through its three complementary business activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  preserve available resources  and replenish them. In 2021  the Veolia group supplied 79 million people with drinking water and 61 million people with wastewater service  produced nearly 48 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 48 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated revenue of €28.508 billion (USD 33.725 billion) in 2021. www.veolia.comSOURCE Veolia Environnement S.A.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Cash Tender Offer', 'Veolia Environnement', '6.750% Notes', 'U.S. Treasury Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page', 'U.S. Treasury Security', 'Veolia Environnement S.A.', 'Citigroup Global Markets Limited', 'MUFG Securities Americas Inc.', 'Global Bondholder Services Corporation', 'New York City time', 'last interest payment date', 'aggregate $300,000,000 outstanding principal amount', 'ISIN Maturity Date Principal', 'aggregate principal amount', 'minimum principal amount', 'second business day', 'bid side price', 'Guaranteed Delivery Date', 'applicable page', 'Security CUSIP', 'The Purchase Price', 'The Tender Offer', '$1,000 principal amount', 'Outstanding Amount', 'outstanding indebtedness', 'delivery procedures', 'interest expense', 'unpaid interest', '10th business', '60th business', 'bid-side price', 'Expiration Date', 'settlement date', 'Withdrawal Date', 'Accrued Interest', 'absolute discretion', 'Dealer Managers', 'applicable law', 'information agent', 'additional information', 'United States', 'offer website', 'sole discretion', 'The Company', 'The 2038 Notes', 'fixed spread', 'Tendered 2038 Notes', '6.750% Notes', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'cash', 'purpose', 'detail', 'terms', 'conditions', 'November', 'accordance', 'yield', 'sum', 'table', 'Title', 'points', 'FIT1', 'reason', 'obligation', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'number', 'right', 'depositary', 'email', 'documents', 'usa', 'Requests', 'questions', 'holders', 'Copies', 'charge', 'None', '5:00']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13050,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.wsaw.com/prnewswire/2022/11/10/universal-music-group-nv-participate-morgan-stanley-european-technology-media-amp-telecom-conference-2022/,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference 2022,,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its EVP  CFO and President of Operations  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference on Wednesday  November 16  2022 at 14:00pm CET.(PRNewsfoto/Universal Music Group) (PRNewswire)To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – communicationsnl@umusic.comInvestorsErika Begun – investorrelations@umusic.comView original content to download multimedia:SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'Telecom Conference', 'Media', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'commercially successful music', 'music publishing', 'Boyd Muir', 'answer session', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'original content', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'EVP', 'CFO', 'President', 'Operations', 'question', 'Media', 'Telecom', 'Conference', 'Wednesday', 'November', '14:00pm', 'PRNewsfoto', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'communicationsnl', 'umusic', 'investorrelations']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,wsaw.com
13070,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/election-committee-eolus-vind-ab-073000730.html,Election Committee for Eolus Vind AB appointed,The Election committee consists of the following members: Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board  Eolus Vind AB.Ingvar Svantesson  appointed by Domneåns ...,Eolus Vind ABThe Election committee consists of the following members:Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board  Eolus Vind AB.Ingvar Svantesson  appointed by Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag.Hans Gydell  appointed by Hans-Göran Stennert.Hans Johansson  appointed by Åke Johansson.According to a decision of the Annual General Meeting of 19 May 2021  the Election Committee shall consist of one member appointed by each of the three largest shareholders and the Chairman of the Board. The appointment of the Election Committee has been carried out in such a manner that  Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board of Eolus  based on the Euroclear list of registered shareholders as of 31 August 2022  has contacted the largest known shareholders in the company  who have been invited to each propose a representative to the Election Committee. After such contacts  the Election Committee has been appointed. In total  approximately 34.1 percent of the votes are represented in the Election Committee.The Election Committee's task is to present proposals to the Annual General Meeting 2023 regarding the number of Board members to be elected by the AGM  Board fees  composition of the Board  Chairman of the Board  Chairman of the AGM  and Auditors and Auditor's Fees.Shareholders wishing to get in contact with the Election Committee can contact Hans-Göran Stennert  phone +46 (0)706-06 62 62 or e-mail hgst@eolusvind.com. A person who wishes to submit a proposal or comments to the Election Committee may do so in writing by letter to: Valberedningen  Eolus Vind AB  Box 95  281 21 Hässleholm  Sweden.The Annual General Meeting for Eolus Vind AB will be held on 12 May 2023.For further information  please contact:Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board +46 (0)706 06 62 62Karin Wittsell Heydl  Head of Communications & Sustainability  +46 (0)761 16 71 99About EolusEolus is one of the leading developers of renewable energy in the Nordics and we are active in the whole value chain from development of green field projects to construction and operation of renewable projects. We offer attractive and competitive investments in the Nordic and Baltic countries  Poland and the United States. Founded in 1990  Eolus has constructed 666 wind turbines with a capacity of 1 414 MW. Eolus has signed contracts for 1 580 MW of asset management services of which 912 MW are in operation.Story continuesEolus’ Class B share is traded on Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap. For further information  please visit www.eolusvind.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Eolus Vind AB', 'Election Committee', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap', 'Eolus’ Class B share', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Hans-Göran Stennert', 'Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag', 'Karin Wittsell Heydl', 'asset management services', 'green field projects', 'three largest shareholders', 'largest known shareholders', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'The Election committee', 'renewable projects', 'registered shareholders', 'following members', 'Ingvar Svantesson', 'Hans Gydell', 'Hans Johansson', 'Åke Johansson', 'one member', 'Euroclear list', 'Hässleholm', 'leading developers', 'renewable energy', 'value chain', 'competitive investments', 'Baltic countries', 'United States', '666 wind turbines', 'Board members', 'Board fees', 'Chairman', 'decision', '19 May', 'appointment', 'manner', '31 August', 'company', 'representative', 'contacts', 'total', '34.1 percent', 'votes', 'task', 'proposals', 'number', 'AGM', 'composition', 'Auditors', 'phone', 'mail', 'person', 'comments', 'writing', 'letter', 'Valberedningen', 'Box', 'Sweden', '12 May', 'information', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Sustainability', 'Nordics', 'development', 'construction', 'operation', 'attractive', 'Poland', 'capacity', '1 414 MW', 'contracts', '1,580 MW', '912 MW', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13071,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-shareholders-meeting-merged-eab-123000591.html,Notice of Shareholders’ Meeting of the Merged EAB Group Plc,EVLI PLC’S STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON NOVEMBER 11  2022 AT 2.30 P.M. (EET/EEST) EAB Group Plc (“EAB Group”) merged into Evli Plc (“Evli”) on October 1  2022. ...,Evli PlcEVLI PLC’S STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON NOVEMBER 11  2022 AT 2.30 P.M. (EET/EEST)EAB Group Plc (“EAB Group”) merged into Evli Plc (“Evli”) on October 1  2022. Therefore  a notice is given to the shareholders of EAB Group to a Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on Thursday December 8  2022 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the premises of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland  to decide on the adoption of the final accounts of the merged company.A. Matters on the agenda of the Shareholders’ MeetingThe following matters will be considered at the Shareholders’ Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the final accounts and the auditor’s report7. Adoption of the final accounts8. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the board of directors and the managing director from liability9. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Shareholders’ MeetingThis notice  which includes all the proposals on the matters on the agenda of the Shareholders’ Meeting  and the other documents that shall be kept available for the shareholders according to the Finnish Companies Act are available for the shareholders on Evli’s website at www.evli.com/en/eab as of November 17  2022 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to the shareholders upon request and will also be available at the Shareholders’ Meeting.The minutes of the Shareholders’ Meeting will be available on the website mentioned above as of December 22  2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Shareholders’ Meeting1. Shareholder listed in the register of shareholdersThe shareholders listed in the company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as at the end of the last trading day of EAB Group’s shares  i.e. September 30  2022  have the right to participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting. A shareholder whose shares were registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account was registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Story continuesA shareholder registered in the shareholders’ register of the company who wants to participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than on December 2  2022 at 16:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration must be received. Such registration can be given:(a) by mail to roopert.laitinen@castren.fi; or(b) by regular mail to Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Roopert Laitinen  P.O. Box 233  FI-00131 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of the proxy representative. The personal data given by the shareholders to EAB Group or Castrén & Snellman in connection with the registration is used only in connection with the Shareholders’ Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations. The shareholder  his/her authorised representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would have been entitled to be registered in EAB Group’s shareholder register on September 30  2022  i.e. at the end of the last trading of EAB Group’s shares. In addition  the right to participate requires that holders of nominee-registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd based on these shares by December 2  2022  10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest. Being entered into the temporary shareholders’ register constitutes due registration for the Shareholders’ Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Shareholders’ Meeting from their custodian banks. The account management organisation of the custodian bank must register a holder of nominee-registered shares into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may also participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representative. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in a reliable manner. If a shareholder participates in the Shareholders’ Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing a shareholder with shares in different book entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Shareholders’ Meeting. The use of a proxy representative requires that the shareholder registers for the Shareholders’ Meeting as described above  even if the shareholder does not attend the meeting in person at the meeting venue.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered by e-mail to roopert.laitinen@castren.fi or by letter to the address Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Roopert Laitinen  P.O. Box 233  FI-00131 Helsinki  Finland  before the registration period expires.4. Other instructions/informationAs of the date of completion of the merger on October 1  2022  the total number of shares of EAB Group Plc was 13 843 272  which represented an equal number of votes. The company held 30 877 treasury shares  which do not carry voting rights in the Shareholders’ Meeting.In Helsinki  November 11  2022EAB GROUP PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFurther information:Mikaela Herrala  Head of Marketing  Communications and IR  Evli Plc  tel. +358 50 544 5740  mikaela.herrala@evli.comEvli PlcWe see wealth as an engine to drive progress. We draw on our heritage  broad expertise and Nordic values to grow and manage wealth for institutions  corporations and private persons in a responsible way.We are the leading asset manager in Finland* offering a broad range of services including mutual funds  asset management and capital markets services  alternative investment products  equity research  share plan design and administration as well as Corporate Finance services. Responsible investing is integrated in every investment decision and our expertise is widely acknowledged by our clients. Evli has Finland's best expertise in responsible investment**.*Kantar Prospera External Asset Management Finland 2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2021  Kantar Prospera Private Banking 2019  2020 Finland **SFR Scandinavian Financial Research Institutional Investment Services Finland 2021.Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd  main media  www.evli.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.6,0.2,0.2,True,English,"['EAB Group Plc', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Notice', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'account management organisation', 'P.O. Box', 'personal identification number', 'related necessary registrations', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'several proxy representatives', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'last trading day', 'nominee registered shares', 'temporary shareholders’ register', 'meeting B. Documents', 'EAB Group Plc', 'personal data', 'telephone number', 'necessary instructions', 'proxy documents', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'final accounts', 'managing director', 'other documents', 'C. Instructions', 'business ID', 'possible assistant', 'authorised representative', 'custodian banks', 'reliable manner', 'Evli Plc', 'following matters', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'nominee-registered shares', 'regular mail', 'Such registration', 'due registration', 'Thursday December', 'shareholder register', 'merged company', 'A. Matters', 'Roopert Laitinen', '10:00 a', 'NOVEMBER', 'EET/EEST', 'October', 'notice', 'premises', 'Helsinki', 'adoption', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'report', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'liability', 'Closing', 'proposals', 'website', 'latest', 'Copies', 'request', 'participants', 'September', 'right', 'Story', 'time', 'castren', 'connection', 'name', 'address', 'processing', 'identity', 'virtue', 'addition', 'delay', 'issuing', 'powers', 'way', 'means', '2.30', '16:00']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13072,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-extraordinary-general-meeting-180000368.html,NOTICE TO ATTEND THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN HOYLU AB (PUBL),N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Hoylu AB (publ)  and...,Hoylu ABN.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Hoylu AB (publ)  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.NOTICE TO ATTEND THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN HOYLU AB (PUBL)On behalf of shareholder  Alden AS  representing 14.9 percent of the shares in Hoylu AB (publ)  reg. no 559084-6381 (the “Company”) the board of directors hereby convenes an extraordinary general meeting held at 08:00 (CET) on 25 November 2022 at the premises of Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå located at Strandvägen 1  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration begins at 07:45 (CET).PARTICIPATIONShareholders who wish to attend the extraordinary general meeting must:be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 17 November 2022;notify the Company of their participation no later than on 21 November 2022  preferably before 16:00 (CET). Notification to attend the extraordinary general meeting shall be made by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hoylu.com or by post to Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB  Att: Hoylu EGM  Strandvägen 1  114 51 Stockholm. The notification must state full name  personal identification number or registration number  shareholding  address  phone number and  where applicable  the name of a proxy or assistant (maximum 2). The notification should be accompanied  where applicable  by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in order to have the right to attend the extraordinary general meeting  temporarily re-register their shares in their own name. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  must be effected (registered with Euroclear Sweden AB) no later 21 November 2022 and nominees should therefore be instructed to do so well in advance.Story continuesPROXYShareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder. The power of attorney may not be issued earlier than one year before the date of the general meeting  with the exception of the power of attorney specifies a longer period  up to a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal entity shall have a registration certificate attached  or if such certificate does not exist  equivalent documents. Original power of attorney and any registration certificate should  in advance of the general meeting be sent to the Company at the address above. A power of attorney form may be ordered from the Company and are available on the Company’s website www.hoylu.com .PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the extraordinary general meeting Appointment of a chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Appointment of one (1) or two (2) persons to verify the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the extraordinary general meeting was duly convened Approval of the agenda Resolution on directed issue of convertible notes Resolution to authorize the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions Closure of the extraordinary general meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSResolution on directed issue of convertible notes (item 7)The shareholder Alden AS (the “Shareholder”) proposes that the company shall raise a convertible loan in a nominal amount not exceeding SEK 37 042 807 through a private placement of convertible loan notes  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 3 053 772.70 SEK upon full conversion of the loan notes. The resolution shall otherwise be governed by the following terms and conditions.The right to subscribe for the convertible loan notes shall vest in Baklid Invest AS  CeWi Invest AS  Fougner Invest AS  Trellevika Invest AS  Fredrik Fougner  Skadi AS  TTC Invest AS and Windchange Invest AB. Prior to the proposal for the directed convertible notes issue  the Shareholder considered the possibility of proposing a rights issue but concluded that a rights issue would be significantly more time consuming and entail significantly higher costs and increased exposure to potential market volatility compared to a directed issue. Furthermore  it is considered that the current stock market climate makes it likely that  in the case of a rights issue  the issue would not be subscribed to the required extent and that guarantee commitments would therefore have to be procured to ensure that the Company is provided with sufficient capital  which in turn risks entailing additional costs and/or further dilution depending on the type of consideration paid for such a guarantee subscription. In view of the above  the Shareholder has considered that a directed convertible notes issue on the proposed terms is the most advantageous for the Company and its shareholders  especially in view of the Company's need for immediate financing to clear overdue debt and for continued expansion of the business.The nominal amount of the convertible debenture shall be SEK 1 or multiples thereof. The loan carries an annual interest rate of 6 per cent in accordance with the provisions of Appendix 1B . Terms of the convertible loan notes issue  including the conversion price  have been determined following arms lengths negotiations with the subscribers. As a result  the Shareholder considers that the terms of the convertible loan notes issue are in line with market conditions.The subscription price shall be equal to the nominal amount of the convertible debenture.Payment for the subscribed convertibles notes issue shall be made in cash or by set-off.Subscription shall take place within three days of the date of the resolution to issue convertible debentures. Payment for the convertible debentures subscribed for shall be made within one week of the time of subscription.The board of directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period and the time for payment.The convertible debenture may be converted into shares during the period commencing the date of registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office of the resolution regarding the issue up to and including February 28  2023  at a conversion price of SEK 1.00. Any share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.Other terms and conditions according to Appendix 1B.Share capital  shares  and dilutionProvided that the extraordinary general meeting resolves in accordance with Alden AS proposal and upon full conversation (excluding accrued interest) the share capital will increase by an additional amount of approximately SEK 3 053 772.70 by issue of 37 042 807 new shares. The dilution for existing shareholders amounts to a maximum of approximately 29.3 per cent.A valid resolution pursuant to this item requires that the resolution be supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the extraordinary general meeting.Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions (item 8)The Shareholder proposes that the extraordinary general meeting authorizes the Board  the CEO or the person otherwise designated by the Board  to undertake such minor adjustments and clarifications of the decisions made at the extraordinary general meeting to the extent required for registration of the resolutions.OTHERNumber of shares and votes in the CompanyAs of the date of this notice  the total number of registered shares in the Company is 91 743 922 representing a total of 91 743 922 votes. The Company holds no own shares.Shareholders’ right to informationShareholders are informed of their right under Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request information about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item of business on the agenda and about circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's financial situation. The Board and the CEO shall provide such information if the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company. The duty of disclosure also applies to the Company's relationships with other companies in the group  the consolidated financial statements and such circumstances as detailed above applicable to subsidiaries.Shareholders have a right to ask the Company questions at the extraordinary general meeting on the items and proposals to be considered at the extraordinary general meeting.DocumentsDocuments related to the resolutions proposed to the extraordinary general meeting will be available at the Company’s head office and on the Company’s webpage  www.hoylu.com   no later than two (2) weeks prior to the extraordinary general meeting and will also be sent to those shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documents will also be available at the extraordinary general meeting.For more information  please contact:Truls Baklid  CEO Hoylu + 47 924 38 900 Email: tob@hoylu.comKarl Wiersholm  CFO Hoylu + 1 425 829 2316 Email: kw@hoylu.comAbout HoyluHoylu is an easy-to-use  cloud-based  Agile and Construction Project Management and whiteboarding tool that enables distributed teams to plan and visualize projects. Our Adaptive Workspaces take the complexity out of complex projects and adapt freely to fit any team or workflow. We have you covered for PI Planning  Scrum  Kanban  Dependency Mapping  Retrospectives  Lean  Pull Planning  and more. Learn more at hoylu.comTicker symbol: HoyluMarketplace: Nasdaq First North Growth StockholmCertified Adviser: Mangold Fondkommission AB +46 (0) 8 50 301 550; ca@mangold.sePublicationThe information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 07:00 PM CET on November 11  2022.,neutral,0.07,0.74,0.19,mixed,0.55,0.23,0.22,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'HOYLU AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB', 'potential market volatility', 'current stock market', 'Baklid Invest AS', 'CeWi Invest AS', 'Trellevika Invest AS', 'TTC Invest AS', 'Windchange Invest AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'general meeting Preparation', 'personal identification number', 'Fougner Invest AS', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'convertible loan notes', 'convertible notes issue', 'convertible notes Resolution', 'shareholder Alden AS', 'Skadi AS', 'Hoylu AB', 'Fredrik Fougner', 'phone number', 'registration number', 'N.B.', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Strandvägen', 'share register', 'Hoylu EGM', 'other documents', 'longer period', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'voting register', 'two (2) persons', 'minor adjustments', 'nominal amount', 'private placement', 'share capital', 'full conversion', 'higher costs', 'guarantee commitments', 'sufficient capital', 'additional costs', 'guarantee subscription', 'immediate financing', 'overdue debt', 'continued expansion', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'rights issue', 'agenda Resolution', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'following terms', 'Friday 17 November', 'full name', 'dated power', 'Original power', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'attorney form', '25 November', '21 November', 'notice', 'publ', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'behalf', '14.9 percent', 'Company', 'board', 'directors', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'PARTICIPATION', 'Shareholders', 'Notification', 'mail', 'bolagsstamma', 'post', 'shareholding', 'address', 'proxy', 'assistant', 'powers', 'authority', 'order', 'days', 'nominees', 'advance', 'Story', 'written', 'exception', 'maximum', 'website', 'Opening', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Closure', 'item', 'SEK', 'increase', 'conditions', 'proposal', 'possibility', 'exposure', 'extent', 'turn', 'dilution', 'type', 'consideration', 'view', 'need', 'business', '08', '07']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13073,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-citycon-oyj-301674047.html,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Citycon Oyj,"HELSINKI  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj will be held on Thursday  8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon. The meeting will be held under special arrangements without shareholders' or their proxy …","HELSINKI  Nov. 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""General Meeting"") of Citycon Oyj will be held on Thursday  8 December 2022 at 12:00 noon. The meeting will be held under special arrangements without shareholders' or their proxy representatives' presence at the headquarters of Citycon Oyj  at the address Piispansilta 9 A  FI-02230 Espoo  Finland.The Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the transitional provision enacted in connection with the changes (660/2022) to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006) regarding general meetings that entered into force on 11 July 2022. The General Meeting will be organized without shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue. Shareholders can participate in the General Meeting and use their shareholder rights in connection with the General Meeting by voting in advance (either personally or through a proxy representative) and by asking questions in advance in the manner described below. Proxy representatives must also vote in advance in the manner described below. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. ""Instructions for the Participants in the General Meeting"" of this notice.The Chairman of the Board of Directors  the members of the Board of Directors  the President and CEO and other management of the company will not attend the General Meeting and no webcast will be provided.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to OrderAttorney-at-law Mikko Heinonen will act as the Chairman of the General Meeting. If due to weighty reasons Mikko Heinonen is not able to act as the Chairman  the Board of Directors shall appoint another person it deems most suitable to act as the Chairman.3. Election of Persons to Scrutinize the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of VotesThe company's Senior Legal Counsel Leena Rentola will scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes at the General Meeting. Should Leena Rentola for a weighty reason not be able to attend these tasks  the company's Board of Directors will appoint another person that it deems most suitable to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the Legality of the Meeting5. Recording the Attendance and Adopting the List of VotesShareholders who have voted in advance in accordance with the instructions set out in this notice and who have the right to attend the General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act will be recorded to have attended the General Meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information furnished by Euroclear Finland Oy.6. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 11 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the company's registered office  Helsinki  as well as Espoo  Stockholm  Oslo or Copenhagen. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""11§The notice to convene a General Meeting shall be delivered by publishing the notice on the website of the Company.The notice to convene a General Meeting shall be delivered no earlier than two (2) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  and in any event no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting.In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must register with the Company no later than the date specified in the notice of the General Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the General Meeting.The General Meetings may be held  in addition to the Company's domicile Helsinki  in Espoo (Finland)  Stockholm (Sweden)  Oslo (Norway) or Copenhagen (Denmark) as may be resolved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.""It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.7. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe proposal for the decision on the agenda of the General Meeting and this notice will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 on 10 November 2022. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. Minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website as of 22 December 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the Participants in the General MeetingThe General Meeting will be organized without the shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue. Participation over real-time telecommunications or a recording of the General Meeting will not be available. Shareholders can participate in the General Meeting and use their shareholder rights only by voting in advance (either personally or through a proxy representative) and by asking questions in advance in the manner described below. Proxy representatives must also vote in advance in the manner described below.1. Right to participateEach shareholder  who is registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on 25 November 2022 has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the company's shareholders' register.Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under Section C4 ""Holders of nominee-registered shares"".2. Registration and voting in advanceRegistration for the General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting and vote in advance no later than by 30 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the votes must have been received.A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting from 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET) until 30 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by the following means:electronically by utilizing Euroclear's electronic general meeting service accessible at citycon.com/egm2022. Registering and voting in advance requires strong electronic identification with a bank ID or mobile certificate for natural persons and business ID and the book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a bank ID or mobile certificate.by sending the advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki .The advance voting form and instructions relating to the advance voting will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 no later than on 17 November 2022 at 9:00 a.m. (EET).If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all information required for registration and advance voting is duly provided. No other notification of participation is required for the General Meeting.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal data given to the company by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise  in a reliable manner  demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 as from 17 November 2022 onwards. Proxy documents and advance voting forms should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Citycon Oyj  P.O Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration and advance voting  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder delivers a proxy to the company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify himself/herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank IDs or a mobile certificate. More information on suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information will also be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which (s)he on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 25 November 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy not later than 5 December 2022 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered in the company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee registered shares before the due date for the registration. Further information on these matters can also be found on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022.5. Other instructions and informationA shareholder has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Such questions must be sent by email to legal@citycon.com at the latest by 23 November 2022 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the questions must be received by the company.Such questions by shareholders and responses to such questions by the company will be available on the company's website at citycon.com/egm2022 on 28 November 2022 at the latest. In connection with asking questions  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of their shareholding.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held by the shareholder.On the date of publication of this notice  10 November 2022  Citycon Oyj has 168 008 940 shares and votes.CITYCON OYJBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVP  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTelephone +358 50 387 8180sakari.jarvela@citycon.comCitycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.5 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.07,0.21,0.72,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Citycon Oyj', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Senior Legal Counsel Leena Rentola', ""proxy representatives' presence"", 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'law Mikko Heinonen', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The General Meetings', 'Meeting B. Documents', 'special arrangements', 'Piispansilta 9 A', 'meeting venue', 'Section C.', 'other management', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'weighty reasons', 'remote meeting', 'registered office', 'two (2) months', 'real time', 'technical means', 'other respects', 'Citycon Oyj', 'transitional provision', 'shareholder rights', 'record date', 'telecommunication connection', 'C. Instructions', 'HELSINKI', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'Thursday', 'December', '12:00 noon', 'shareholders', 'headquarters', 'address', 'Espoo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'changes', 'Chapter', 'force', '11 July', 'advance', 'questions', 'manner', 'Participants', 'notice', 'Chairman', 'members', 'President', 'CEO', 'company', 'webcast', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'person', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'tasks', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'List', 'accordance', 'Sections', 'information', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'addition', 'Stockholm', 'Oslo', 'Copenhagen', 'amended', 'website', 'event', 'nine', 'order', 'domicile', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'power', 'decision', 'full', 'Closing', 'proposal', '10 November', 'Copies', 'request', '6.', '§']",2022-11-10,2022-11-11,prnewswire.co.uk
13074,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554316/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-REVERSED-AUCTIONS-SEK-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS SEK GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2022-11-18BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3111. SE0007045745. 2032-06-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3114  SE0013748258  2030-06-01 Bid date2022-11-18Bid......,Bid procedure  2022-11-18 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3111. SE0007045745. 2032-06-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3114  SE0013748258  2030-06-01Bid date 2022-11-18 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Requested volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3111: 100 mln SEK +/-50 mln SEK3114: 150 mln SEK +/-100 mln SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3111: 100 mln SEK per bid3114: 150 mln SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2022-11-22 Delivery of bonds To the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system 1 4948 6383Stockholm  2022-11-11This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS', 'SEK GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '100 mln SEK', '50 mln SEK', 'allocation time', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'Riksbank', 'account', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13075,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554313/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-BID-PROCEDURE-KOMMUNINVEST-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK BID PROCEDURE KOMMUNINVEST BONDS,Bid procedure  2022-11-15BondsKOMMUNINVEST I SVERIGE: 2611. SE0012569572. 2026-11-12KOMMUNINVEST I SVERIGE: 2805  SE0015660139  2028-05-12 BidsBids on......,Bid procedure  2022-11-15 Bonds KOMMUNINVEST I SVERIGE: 2611. SE0012569572. 2026-11-12KOMMUNINVEST I SVERIGE: 2805  SE0015660139  2028-05-12Bids Bids on interest and volume are entered via Bloomberg Bond Auction System Bid date 2022-11-15 Bid times 10.00-11.00 Requested volume (corresponding nominal amount) 2611: 300 mln SEK +/-150 mln SEK2805: 300 mln SEK +/-150 mln SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 2611: 300 mln SEK per bid2805: 300 mln SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 11.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2022-11-17 Delivery of bonds To the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system 1 4948 6383 General Terms and Conditions General Terms and Conditions General Terms and Conditions för the Riksbank’s Purchases of Bonds via Bid Procedure 2020:3. dated 20 November 2020 (see the Riksbank´s web).Stockholm  2022-11-11This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK BID PROCEDURE KOMMUNINVEST BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Bloomberg Bond Auction System Bid date', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'securities settlement system', 'KOMMUNINVEST I SVERIGE', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', 'Bids Bids', '300 mln SEK', '150 mln SEK', 'General Terms', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'interest', 'allocation', 'Riksbank', 'account', 'Conditions', 'Purchases', 'web', 'Stockholm', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13076,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2553990/0/en/Election-Committee-for-Eolus-Vind-AB-appointed.html,Election Committee for Eolus Vind AB appointed,The Election committee consists of the following members:    Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board  Eolus Vind AB.Ingvar Svantesson  appointed by......,English SwedishThe Election committee consists of the following members:Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board  Eolus Vind AB.Ingvar Svantesson  appointed by Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag.Hans Gydell  appointed by Hans-Göran Stennert.Hans Johansson  appointed by Åke Johansson.According to a decision of the Annual General Meeting of 19 May 2021  the Election Committee shall consist of one member appointed by each of the three largest shareholders and the Chairman of the Board. The appointment of the Election Committee has been carried out in such a manner that  Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board of Eolus  based on the Euroclear list of registered shareholders as of 31 August 2022  has contacted the largest known shareholders in the company  who have been invited to each propose a representative to the Election Committee. After such contacts  the Election Committee has been appointed. In total  approximately 34.1 percent of the votes are represented in the Election Committee.The Election Committee's task is to present proposals to the Annual General Meeting 2023 regarding the number of Board members to be elected by the AGM  Board fees  composition of the Board  Chairman of the Board  Chairman of the AGM  and Auditors and Auditor's Fees.Shareholders wishing to get in contact with the Election Committee can contact Hans-Göran Stennert  phone +46 (0)706-06 62 62 or e-mail hgst@eolusvind.com. A person who wishes to submit a proposal or comments to the Election Committee may do so in writing by letter to: Valberedningen  Eolus Vind AB  Box 95  281 21 Hässleholm  Sweden.The Annual General Meeting for Eolus Vind AB will be held on 12 May 2023.For further information  please contact:Hans-Göran Stennert  Chairman of the Board +46 (0)706 06 62 62Karin Wittsell Heydl  Head of Communications & Sustainability  +46 (0)761 16 71 99About EolusEolus is one of the leading developers of renewable energy in the Nordics and we are active in the whole value chain from development of green field projects to construction and operation of renewable projects. We offer attractive and competitive investments in the Nordic and Baltic countries  Poland and the United States. Founded in 1990  Eolus has constructed 666 wind turbines with a capacity of 1 414 MW. Eolus has signed contracts for 1 580 MW of asset management services of which 912 MW are in operation.Eolus’ Class B share is traded on Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap. For further information  please visit www.eolusvind.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Eolus Vind AB', 'Election Committee', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap', 'Eolus’ Class B share', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Hans-Göran Stennert', 'Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag', 'Karin Wittsell Heydl', 'asset management services', 'green field projects', 'three largest shareholders', 'largest known shareholders', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'The Election committee', 'renewable projects', 'registered shareholders', 'English Swedish', 'following members', 'Ingvar Svantesson', 'Hans Gydell', 'Hans Johansson', 'Åke Johansson', 'one member', 'Euroclear list', 'Hässleholm', 'leading developers', 'renewable energy', 'value chain', 'competitive investments', 'Baltic countries', 'United States', '666 wind turbines', 'Board members', 'Board fees', 'Chairman', 'decision', '19 May', 'appointment', 'manner', '31 August', 'company', 'representative', 'contacts', 'total', '34.1 percent', 'votes', 'task', 'proposals', 'number', 'AGM', 'composition', 'Auditors', 'phone', 'mail', 'person', 'comments', 'writing', 'letter', 'Valberedningen', 'Box', 'Sweden', '12 May', 'information', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Sustainability', 'Nordics', 'development', 'construction', 'operation', 'attractive', 'Poland', 'capacity', '1 414 MW', 'contracts', '1,580 MW', '912 MW', 'Attachment']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13077,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554161/0/en/Notice-of-Shareholders-Meeting-of-the-Merged-EAB-Group-Plc.html,Notice of Shareholders’ Meeting of the Merged EAB Group Plc,EVLI PLC’S STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON NOVEMBER 11  2022 AT 2.30 P.M. (EET/EEST)  EAB Group Plc (“EAB Group”) merged into Evli Plc (“Evli”) on October 1 ......,English FinnishEVLI PLC’S STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON NOVEMBER 11  2022 AT 2.30 P.M. (EET/EEST)EAB Group Plc (“EAB Group”) merged into Evli Plc (“Evli”) on October 1  2022. Therefore  a notice is given to the shareholders of EAB Group to a Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on Thursday December 8  2022 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the premises of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland  to decide on the adoption of the final accounts of the merged company.A. Matters on the agenda of the Shareholders’ MeetingThe following matters will be considered at the Shareholders’ Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the final accounts and the auditor’s report7. Adoption of the final accounts8. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the board of directors and the managing director from liability9. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Shareholders’ MeetingThis notice  which includes all the proposals on the matters on the agenda of the Shareholders’ Meeting  and the other documents that shall be kept available for the shareholders according to the Finnish Companies Act are available for the shareholders on Evli’s website at www.evli.com/en/eab as of November 17  2022 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to the shareholders upon request and will also be available at the Shareholders’ Meeting.The minutes of the Shareholders’ Meeting will be available on the website mentioned above as of December 22  2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Shareholders’ Meeting1. Shareholder listed in the register of shareholdersThe shareholders listed in the company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as at the end of the last trading day of EAB Group’s shares  i.e. September 30  2022  have the right to participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting. A shareholder whose shares were registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account was registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder registered in the shareholders’ register of the company who wants to participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than on December 2  2022 at 16:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration must be received. Such registration can be given:(a) by mail to roopert.laitinen@castren.fi; or(b) by regular mail to Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Roopert Laitinen  P.O. Box 233  FI-00131 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of the proxy representative. The personal data given by the shareholders to EAB Group or Castrén & Snellman in connection with the registration is used only in connection with the Shareholders’ Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations. The shareholder  his/her authorised representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would have been entitled to be registered in EAB Group’s shareholder register on September 30  2022  i.e. at the end of the last trading of EAB Group’s shares. In addition  the right to participate requires that holders of nominee-registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd based on these shares by December 2  2022  10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest. Being entered into the temporary shareholders’ register constitutes due registration for the Shareholders’ Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Shareholders’ Meeting from their custodian banks. The account management organisation of the custodian bank must register a holder of nominee-registered shares into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may also participate in the Shareholders’ Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representative. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in a reliable manner. If a shareholder participates in the Shareholders’ Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing a shareholder with shares in different book entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Shareholders’ Meeting. The use of a proxy representative requires that the shareholder registers for the Shareholders’ Meeting as described above  even if the shareholder does not attend the meeting in person at the meeting venue.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered by e-mail to roopert.laitinen@castren.fi or by letter to the address Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Roopert Laitinen  P.O. Box 233  FI-00131 Helsinki  Finland  before the registration period expires.4. Other instructions/informationAs of the date of completion of the merger on October 1  2022  the total number of shares of EAB Group Plc was 13 843 272  which represented an equal number of votes. The company held 30 877 treasury shares  which do not carry voting rights in the Shareholders’ Meeting.In Helsinki  November 11  2022EAB GROUP PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFurther information:Mikaela Herrala  Head of Marketing  Communications and IR  Evli Plc  tel. +358 50 544 5740  mikaela.herrala@evli.comEvli PlcWe see wealth as an engine to drive progress. We draw on our heritage  broad expertise and Nordic values to grow and manage wealth for institutions  corporations and private persons in a responsible way.We are the leading asset manager in Finland* offering a broad range of services including mutual funds  asset management and capital markets services  alternative investment products  equity research  share plan design and administration as well as Corporate Finance services. Responsible investing is integrated in every investment decision and our expertise is widely acknowledged by our clients. Evli has Finland's best expertise in responsible investment**.*Kantar Prospera External Asset Management Finland 2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2021  Kantar Prospera Private Banking 2019  2020 Finland **SFR Scandinavian Financial Research Institutional Investment Services Finland 2021.Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd  main media  www.evli.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EAB Group Plc', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Notice', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'account management organisation', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'P.O. Box', 'personal identification number', 'related necessary registrations', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'several proxy representatives', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'last trading day', 'nominee registered shares', 'temporary shareholders’ register', 'meeting B. Documents', 'EAB Group Plc', 'English Finnish', 'personal data', 'telephone number', 'necessary instructions', 'proxy documents', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'final accounts', 'managing director', 'other documents', 'C. Instructions', 'business ID', 'possible assistant', 'authorised representative', 'custodian banks', 'reliable manner', 'EVLI PLC', 'following matters', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'nominee-registered shares', 'regular mail', 'Such registration', 'due registration', 'Thursday December', 'shareholder register', 'merged company', 'A. Matters', 'Roopert Laitinen', '10:00 a', 'NOVEMBER', 'EET/EEST', 'October', 'notice', 'premises', 'Helsinki', 'adoption', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'report', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'liability', 'Closing', 'proposals', 'website', 'latest', 'Copies', 'request', 'participants', 'September', 'right', 'time', 'castren', 'connection', 'name', 'address', 'processing', 'identity', 'virtue', 'addition', 'delay', 'issuing', 'powers', 'way', 'dated', 'means', '2.30', '16:00']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13078,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554376/0/en/NOTICE-TO-ATTEND-THE-EXTRAORDINARY-GENERAL-MEETING-IN-HOYLU-AB-PUBL.html,NOTICE TO ATTEND THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN HOYLU AB (PUBL),N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Hoylu AB (publ)  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text s…,English SwedishN.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Hoylu AB (publ)  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.NOTICE TO ATTEND THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN HOYLU AB (PUBL)On behalf of shareholder  Alden AS  representing 14.9 percent of the shares in Hoylu AB (publ)  reg. no 559084-6381 (the “Company”) the board of directors hereby convenes an extraordinary general meeting held at 08:00 (CET) on 25 November 2022 at the premises of Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå located at Strandvägen 1  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration begins at 07:45 (CET).PARTICIPATIONShareholders who wish to attend the extraordinary general meeting must:be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 17 November 2022;notify the Company of their participation no later than on 21 November 2022  preferably before 16:00 (CET). Notification to attend the extraordinary general meeting shall be made by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hoylu.com or by post to Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB  Att: Hoylu EGM  Strandvägen 1  114 51 Stockholm. The notification must state full name  personal identification number or registration number  shareholding  address  phone number and  where applicable  the name of a proxy or assistant (maximum 2). The notification should be accompanied  where applicable  by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in order to have the right to attend the extraordinary general meeting  temporarily re-register their shares in their own name. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  must be effected (registered with Euroclear Sweden AB) no later 21 November 2022 and nominees should therefore be instructed to do so well in advance.PROXYShareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder. The power of attorney may not be issued earlier than one year before the date of the general meeting  with the exception of the power of attorney specifies a longer period  up to a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal entity shall have a registration certificate attached  or if such certificate does not exist  equivalent documents. Original power of attorney and any registration certificate should  in advance of the general meeting be sent to the Company at the address above. A power of attorney form may be ordered from the Company and are available on the Company’s website www.hoylu.com .PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the extraordinary general meeting Appointment of a chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Appointment of one (1) or two (2) persons to verify the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the extraordinary general meeting was duly convened Approval of the agenda Resolution on directed issue of convertible notes Resolution to authorize the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions Closure of the extraordinary general meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSResolution on directed issue of convertible notes (item 7)The shareholder Alden AS (the “Shareholder”) proposes that the company shall raise a convertible loan in a nominal amount not exceeding SEK 37 042 807 through a private placement of convertible loan notes  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 3 053 772.70 SEK upon full conversion of the loan notes. The resolution shall otherwise be governed by the following terms and conditions.The right to subscribe for the convertible loan notes shall vest in Baklid Invest AS  CeWi Invest AS  Fougner Invest AS  Trellevika Invest AS  Fredrik Fougner  Skadi AS  TTC Invest AS and Windchange Invest AB. Prior to the proposal for the directed convertible notes issue  the Shareholder considered the possibility of proposing a rights issue but concluded that a rights issue would be significantly more time consuming and entail significantly higher costs and increased exposure to potential market volatility compared to a directed issue. Furthermore  it is considered that the current stock market climate makes it likely that  in the case of a rights issue  the issue would not be subscribed to the required extent and that guarantee commitments would therefore have to be procured to ensure that the Company is provided with sufficient capital  which in turn risks entailing additional costs and/or further dilution depending on the type of consideration paid for such a guarantee subscription. In view of the above  the Shareholder has considered that a directed convertible notes issue on the proposed terms is the most advantageous for the Company and its shareholders  especially in view of the Company's need for immediate financing to clear overdue debt and for continued expansion of the business.The nominal amount of the convertible debenture shall be SEK 1 or multiples thereof. The loan carries an annual interest rate of 6 per cent in accordance with the provisions of Appendix 1B . Terms of the convertible loan notes issue  including the conversion price  have been determined following arms lengths negotiations with the subscribers. As a result  the Shareholder considers that the terms of the convertible loan notes issue are in line with market conditions.The subscription price shall be equal to the nominal amount of the convertible debenture.Payment for the subscribed convertibles notes issue shall be made in cash or by set-off.Subscription shall take place within three days of the date of the resolution to issue convertible debentures. Payment for the convertible debentures subscribed for shall be made within one week of the time of subscription.The board of directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period and the time for payment.The convertible debenture may be converted into shares during the period commencing the date of registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office of the resolution regarding the issue up to and including February 28  2023  at a conversion price of SEK 1.00. Any share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.Other terms and conditions according to Appendix 1B.Share capital  shares  and dilutionProvided that the extraordinary general meeting resolves in accordance with Alden AS proposal and upon full conversation (excluding accrued interest) the share capital will increase by an additional amount of approximately SEK 3 053 772.70 by issue of 37 042 807 new shares. The dilution for existing shareholders amounts to a maximum of approximately 29.3 per cent.A valid resolution pursuant to this item requires that the resolution be supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the extraordinary general meeting.Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions (item 8)The Shareholder proposes that the extraordinary general meeting authorizes the Board  the CEO or the person otherwise designated by the Board  to undertake such minor adjustments and clarifications of the decisions made at the extraordinary general meeting to the extent required for registration of the resolutions.OTHERNumber of shares and votes in the CompanyAs of the date of this notice  the total number of registered shares in the Company is 91 743 922 representing a total of 91 743 922 votes. The Company holds no own shares.Shareholders’ right to informationShareholders are informed of their right under Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request information about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item of business on the agenda and about circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's financial situation. The Board and the CEO shall provide such information if the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company. The duty of disclosure also applies to the Company's relationships with other companies in the group  the consolidated financial statements and such circumstances as detailed above applicable to subsidiaries.Shareholders have a right to ask the Company questions at the extraordinary general meeting on the items and proposals to be considered at the extraordinary general meeting.DocumentsDocuments related to the resolutions proposed to the extraordinary general meeting will be available at the Company’s head office and on the Company’s webpage  www.hoylu.com   no later than two (2) weeks prior to the extraordinary general meeting and will also be sent to those shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documents will also be available at the extraordinary general meeting.For more information  please contact:Truls Baklid  CEO Hoylu + 47 924 38 900 Email: tob@hoylu.comKarl Wiersholm  CFO Hoylu + 1 425 829 2316 Email: kw@hoylu.comAbout HoyluHoylu is an easy-to-use  cloud-based  Agile and Construction Project Management and whiteboarding tool that enables distributed teams to plan and visualize projects. Our Adaptive Workspaces take the complexity out of complex projects and adapt freely to fit any team or workflow. We have you covered for PI Planning  Scrum  Kanban  Dependency Mapping  Retrospectives  Lean  Pull Planning  and more. Learn more at hoylu.comTicker symbol: HoyluMarketplace: Nasdaq First North Growth StockholmCertified Adviser: Mangold Fondkommission AB +46 (0) 8 50 301 550; ca@mangold.sePublicationThe information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 07:00 PM CET on November 11  2022.,neutral,0.07,0.74,0.19,mixed,0.4,0.23,0.38,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'HOYLU AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB', 'potential market volatility', 'current stock market', 'Baklid Invest AS', 'CeWi Invest AS', 'Trellevika Invest AS', 'TTC Invest AS', 'Windchange Invest AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'general meeting Preparation', 'personal identification number', 'Fougner Invest AS', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'convertible loan notes', 'convertible notes issue', 'convertible notes Resolution', 'shareholder Alden AS', 'Skadi AS', 'Hoylu AB', 'Fredrik Fougner', 'phone number', 'registration number', 'English Swedish', 'N.B.', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Strandvägen', 'share register', 'Hoylu EGM', 'other documents', 'longer period', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'voting register', 'two (2) persons', 'minor adjustments', 'nominal amount', 'private placement', 'share capital', 'full conversion', 'higher costs', 'guarantee commitments', 'sufficient capital', 'additional costs', 'guarantee subscription', 'immediate financing', 'overdue debt', 'continued expansion', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'rights issue', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'following terms', 'Friday 17 November', 'full name', 'dated power', 'Original power', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'attorney form', '25 November', '21 November', 'notice', 'publ', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'behalf', '14.9 percent', 'Company', 'board', 'directors', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'PARTICIPATION', 'Shareholders', 'Notification', 'mail', 'bolagsstamma', 'post', 'shareholding', 'address', 'proxy', 'assistant', 'powers', 'authority', 'order', 'days', 'nominees', 'advance', 'written', 'exception', 'maximum', 'website', 'Opening', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Closure', 'item', 'SEK', 'increase', 'conditions', 'proposal', 'possibility', 'exposure', 'required', 'extent', 'turn', 'dilution', 'type', 'consideration', 'view', 'need', 'business', '08', '07']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13079,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Meet Beate Blichfeldt  Head of Client Training  Euroclear group. For her  an inclusive workplace means having peopl… https://t.co/MPjMEQDcH3,nan,Meet Beate Blichfeldt  Head of Client Training  Euroclear group. For her  an inclusive workplace means having peopl… https://t.co/MPjMEQDcH3,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Beate Blichfeldt', 'Client Training', 'Euroclear group', 'inclusive workplace', 'Head', 'peopl', 'MPjMEQDcH3', 'Beate Blichfeldt', 'Client Training', 'Euroclear group', 'inclusive workplace', 'Head', 'peopl', 'MPjMEQDcH3']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13080,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Are the machines coming for your job? Probably! #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Ixhu8DnYFO #regtech,nan,Are the machines coming for your job? Probably! #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Ixhu8DnYFO #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['machines', 'job', 'co', 'Ixhu8DnYFO', 'machines', 'job', 'co', 'Ixhu8DnYFO']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13081,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Arizona voters approve new limits on consumer debt collection #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/23XIG7caNu #regtech,nan,Arizona voters approve new limits on consumer debt collection #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/23XIG7caNu #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['consumer debt collection', 'Arizona voters', 'new limits', 'Fintech', 'consumer debt collection', 'Arizona voters', 'new limits', 'Fintech']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13082,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4556492-intercontinental-exchange-great-quality-attractively-priced,Intercontinental Exchange Stock: Great Quality  Attractively Priced (ICE),Intercontinental Exchange is a fantastic business in a fantastic industry - a rare 'natural monopoly' whose returns are not regulated. Read more more on ICE stock.,"Spencer Platt/Getty Images NewsSince my previous article a couple of months ago  Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE) has made some  quite immaterial  gains: about 1% from capital gains and 0.5% from dividends. To be honest  I think 1.5% in two months  which annualizes to slightly over 9% a year  is pretty all right (you can tell I'm not a very aggressive investor). Its price now stands at $102.54. Is it still a buy?I believe ICE remains undervalued at the present  that it had a consistently excellent track record in the past  barring one odd blip which will be discussed later; and that its long-term future prospects are brilliant. In this article I explain why.Company profileICE operates three lines of businesses: Exchanges; Fixed Income and Data Services; and Mortgage Technologies. In the Exchanges segment  ICE operates a number of regulated marketplaces for trading and clearing financial instruments  such as shares and derivatives (think the New York Stock Exchange  which it owns). In the Fixed Income and Data Services  ICE provides services such as fixed income pricing  reference data  indices  and analytics. In the Mortgage Technologies segment  ICE uses machine learning algorithms to provide streamlined and simplified solutions for mortgage lenders  which allow them to originate loans more efficiently.They have minority stakes in subsidiary companies. Among them the point of interest is Bakkt  the black sheep of the family. I will touch on it briefly later.Their main competitors are other exchanges based in the US  such as Nasdaq (NDAQ) and the CME Group (CME). They also compete against exchanges worldwide  such as the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) and Deutsche Boerse (OTCPK:DBOEY)Some statistics at a glance  as of close of business on November. 10  2022:Share price: $102.54Market cap: $54.3 billionP/E ratio: 22.7Debt / EBITDA ratio: 3.8Operating margin: 39.3%Profit margin: 14.4%Upside caseIn this section I describe why I believe ICE shares are undervalued.DCF ValuationI use the discounted cash flow method to estimate a fair value for ICE  and I find that the fair value of an ICE share is around 42% above its current price. I consider DCF appropriate to use for the valuation because in the last 10 years ICE has been profitable every year  and has paid out dividends in every year.The DCF method gives the fair present value of a share as:V0 = D1 / (r - g)Calculating gI estimate g  the sustainable growth rate for ICE  as:g = RR x ROEMy review of sell-side analyst reports suggests that the median forward-looking return on equity (ROE) for ICE is slightly below 14.8%.On a trailing twelve months basis (for the avoidance of doubt  from Q3 2021 through to Q2 2022)  ICE has earnings per share of $4.51  and paid a dividend of $1.47. The retention ratio is calculated as retained earnings divided by earnings per share. In this case  I find that the retention ratio is 67.4%.This yields a sustainable dividend growth rate of 10.0%. I note that this is materially above the S&P 500's historical dividend CAGR of 6.5%  but it is materially below ICE's historical dividend CAGR (14.2%)  as well as its net profit CAGR (9.3%)--not only are exchanges profitable businesses  ICE is also nursing a number of promising ventures in the wings. Therefore  I consider 10.0% a reasonable estimate of ICE's dividend growth rate.Calculating D1ICE pays dividends quarterly. Therefore  I set D1 as the sum of the four dividend payments in the next twelve months  which will occur in Dec. 2022  and Mar.  Jun. and Sep. 2023.ICE has already declared a dividend of $1.52 for the year 2022. Of this amount  they will pay the remaining quarter in December. Therefore  I set $0.76 as first half of D1.I assume the dividend payments in 2023 will grow at the sustainable growth rate of 10.0%. Therefore  I set $0.418 as the quarterly payments for 2023. Quite nicely  it is also the median analyst forecast for ICE's dividend payment for the year.In this case  I set D1 as $1.64.Calculating rI estimate r  my required rate of return for ICE  as:r = RFR + beta * (TMR - RFR)Since the inception of the S&P 500 in 1957  it has provided investors with an annualized total return of 11.88%. I use the most recent Effective Fed Funds Rate for which data is available (as of November 2022) of 3.83% as the risk free rate. I note that ICE's 5-year monthly equity beta is around 0.90.Therefore  I calculate the required rate of return for ICE asr = 3.83% + 0.9 * (11.88% - 3.83%) = 11.1%.Calculating V0In this case  the estimated fair value of a share is $1.64 / (11.1% - 10.0%) = $145.75. This is 42% above its current price of $102.54 as of Nov. 10  2022: a substantial margin of safety.I show my work in Table 1 below.Table 1: DCF valuationEPS $ [a] Dividend in Year 0 $ [b] 1.47 Retention ratio % [c] = 1- [a]/[b] 67.4 ROE % [d] 14.8 Sustainable growth % [e] = [c]*[d] 10.0 Required rate of return % [f] 11.1 Dividend in Year 1 $ [g] 1.64 Fair value in Year 0 $ [h] = [g]/([f]-[e]) 145.75 Share price at valuation date $ [i] 102.54 Implied upside % [j] = [h] / [i] - 1 42 Click to enlargeEV/EBITDA ValuationAs a cross-check  I use the EV/EBITDA valuation method to estimate a fair value for ICE  and I find that the fair value of an ICE share is around 26% above its current price. I favor the DCF approach (when it is feasible) over the EV/EBITDA approach  as the method of finding suitable comparables is  in my view  neither exactly a science nor an art  but something close to black magic--highly subjective and sensitive to manipulation.Nevertheless  EV/EBITDA can be useful as a sense-check to the DCF approach. Let's take a look.I select five comparables for ICE: NASDAQ  CME  Cboe  the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) and Deutsche Boerse AG. In Table 2 below I note the values for their EVs  EBITDAs  and the corresponding ratios  as well as the average of their EV/EBITDA ratio of 16.9x. (Note that I cannot use Euronext  because it has negative EV.)Table 2: EV / EBITDA ratiosComparators EV EBITDA EV / EBITDA CME Group $ b 62.7 4.0 15.7 Cboe Global Markets $ b 14.7 0.6 23.6 NASDAQ $ b 36.7 1.9 19.7 London Stock Exchange $ b 59.2 4.4 13.5 Deutsche Börse $ b 40.4 2.6 15.5 Average 17.6 Click to enlargeI apply the average ratio of 17.6x to estimate the fair value of ICE's EV. I note that EV is the sum of market capitalization and total debt  less cash and cash equivalents. Therefore  I subtract  from my estimate of the fair value of ICE's EV  the total debt  and then add back cash and cash equivalents  to arrive at a fair estimate of ICE's market capitalization.In this case  the estimated fair value of a share is $129.35. This is 26% above its current price of $102.54 as of Nov. 10  2022  well below the value estimated from the DCF approach  but still a decent margin of safety.I show my calculations in Table 3 below.Table 3: EV / EBITDA valuationEBITDA $ b [a] 4.9 Fair value EV $ b [b] = [a] x 17.6 85.7 Total debt $ b [c] 18.4 Cash and cash equivalents $ b [d] 1.2 Fair value market cap $ b [e] = [b]-[c]+[d] 69 Actual market cap $ b [f] 54.3 Implied upside [g] = [e]/[f]-1 26.2% Share price at valuation date $ [h] 102.54 Implied fair value of share price $ [i] = [h]*(1+[g]) 129.35 Click to enlargeDownside caseIn this section  I discuss the downside case for ICE.Bakkt in perilIn my previous EV/EBITDA valuation approach  I estimated a $148.70 fair value for ICE using a 16.4x multiple. Why has the fair value dropped to $129.35 when I now use a higher  17.6x multiple?Clearly  EBITDA must have decreased. Specifically  whereas interest  tax  depreciation and amortization have not much changed  earnings that has  to be blunt  dived off a cliff.The reason for that has been mentioned in my previous article: Bakkt Rekt. I wrote:in their 2021 financial statement [ICE] noted  with smug self-satisfaction  that 'We recorded a pre-tax gain on the (Bakkt) transaction of $1.4 billion' (p. 105)... So what gives? Bakkt's share price  which plunged from a high of $42.56 to $2.56 as of Sep. 2  2022. How did ICE put it  also in their 2021 FS? ""We may not realize the expected benefits of our majority investment in Bakkt and the investment may introduce additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model."" (p. 20)Yes  the collapse of Bakkt's market value  and of the cryptocurrency market more generally  has materially and adversely affected ICE's earnings  which took a $1.1 billion impairment on the value of its holdings in Bakkt in Oct. 28. But  really  it's not so bad because it's (i) as expected; and (ii) perhaps even not quite as bad as expected: after all  they recorded a $1.4 billion gain from the transaction  so there is theoretically $0.3 billion still left over.To be clear  I believe Bakkt is a risky  and perhaps given the current economic climate a rather unwise  investment; and I believe it will probably continue to weigh down ICE's performance. But I also think the worst of it is likely over. The lion's share of Bakkt's market cap is already wiped out.The impact of the $1.1 billion impairment can be easily detected in ICE's financial performance over time. For example  ICE's revenue growth looks fine:Figure 1: Historical revenue growthI pro-rate 2022 revenue by multiplying revenues in the first three quarters by 4/3. (My analysis  based ICE financial statements)If anything  its latest quarterly report for Q3 2022 indicates that it experienced a year-on-year growth in revenue from Q3 2021  from $2.28 billion to $2.39 billion  which  considering the turbulent economic climate  is a great signal of its underlying business strength. (Similarly  its operating profits  which are unaffected by Bakkt  rose from $892 million to $932 million in the same period.)However  its profit margins dived sharply from 44% in 2021 to 14% in 2022. Worse  in Q3 2022 alone  it has negative profit margins of -7.3%. That's the first time it's registered a (quarterly) loss since it acquired NYSE in 2014.Figure 2: Historical marginsI use Q1-Q3 average margins for 2022  and end-of-year margins for all other years (My analysis  based on ICE financial statements)Inflation and interest rate risksGiven that inflationary forces are still likely to remain strong  the interest rate risks to ICE remain considerable. Ukraine and Russia continue to be at war  China sticks proudly to its frankly  in my opinion  insane policy of zero-Covid lockdowns  and the disappointing Republican performance in the midterms means the Democratic impulse to expansionary policies will likely remain unchecked.As a result  inflation remains well above the 2% Fed target and will stay there for some time. Likewise  the Fed is likely to keep increasing its funds rate  as long as inflation remains high.When interest rates are high  it is more attractive to keep money in a savings account  rather than use it for trading stocks and shares. Because of this  there may be lower trading activities  and hence lower sales  on ICE's platforms. Higher interest rates also make mortgages less attractive to potential homebuyers  which may reduce the demand for ICE's Mortgage Technology Services.Finally  if and when a recession strikes  the stock market rout is certain to affect trading activities on ICE adversely. But  fingers crossed  perhaps the world may yet avoid a recession  at least in the US.On the other hand  CPI inflation in October was 7.7%  and well below the 8.0% expected by economists. This may mark an inflection point in inflation: I believe the world is adjusting to the lockdown in China and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. If so  the inflationary shocks of these events will continue to decline. Then ICE may yet experience a resurgence in sales and profits as trading activities pick up again.This prospect remains highly uncertain  but that is where the profit opportunity comes in. Once it becomes certain  one way or another  the market will price it in. Keeping tabs on inflation and interest rate movements will be crucial for investors of ICE.ConclusionI rate ICE a buy because  given what we are certain of now  I believe the fair value of ICE shares is around 42% above the current market value of their shares. But I do not rate it a strong buy  because there remains substantial risks. If you are a long-term investor  I do not believe you will regret having ICE in your portfolio; and I believe $102.54 is an attractive price to buy more ICE shares.",positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.14,0.29,True,English,"['Intercontinental Exchange Stock', 'Great Quality', 'recent Effective Fed Funds Rate', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'trailing twelve months basis', 'London Stock Exchange Group', '5-year monthly equity beta', 'sustainable dividend growth rate', 'next twelve months', 'sustainable growth rate', 'Getty Images News', 'excellent track record', 'one odd blip', 'long-term future prospects', 'machine learning algorithms', 'cash flow method', 'sell-side analyst reports', 'median analyst forecast', 'risk free rate', 'historical dividend CAGR', 'net profit CAGR', 'The DCF method', 'median forward-looking return', 'annualized total return', 'fixed income pricing', 'four dividend payments', 'Mortgage Technologies segment', 'fair present value', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'two months', 'required rate', 'CME Group', 'Profit margin', 'fair value', 'mortgage lenders', 'Spencer Platt', 'aggressive investor', 'Company profile', 'three lines', 'financial instruments', 'simplified solutions', 'minority stakes', 'subsidiary companies', 'black sheep', 'main competitors', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'EBITDA ratio', 'Operating margin', 'DCF Valuation', 'last 10 years', 'retention ratio', 'S&P 500', 'promising ventures', 'reasonable estimate', 'remaining quarter', 'first half', 'quarterly payments', 'substantial margin', 'Exchanges segment', 'current price', 'reference data', 'previous article', 'capital gains', 'profitable businesses', 'Data Services', 'other exchanges', 'Upside case', 'Share price', 'Calculating D1', 'ICE shares', '11.1 Dividend', 'D1.', 'NYSE', 'immaterial', 'dividends', 'buy', 'past', 'number', 'regulated', 'marketplaces', 'trading', 'derivatives', 'indices', 'analytics', 'streamlined', 'loans', 'point', 'interest', 'Bakkt', 'family', 'Nasdaq', 'NDAQ', 'LSEG', 'DBOEY', 'statistics', 'glance', 'close', 'November', 'Debt', 'section', 'V0', 'ROE', 'review', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'Q3', 'Q2', 'earnings', 'wings', 'sum', 'Dec.', 'Mar.', 'Jun.', 'Sep.', 'amount', 'December', 'RFR', 'inception', 'investors', 'Nov.', 'safety', 'work', 'EPS', 'date', '14.', '0.0', '3.']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,seekingalpha.com
13083,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3699456/deutsche-boerse-appoints-head-of-new-trade-regulation-division,Deutsche Boerse appoints head of new trade venue regulation section,Deutsche Boerse Group has promoted Melanie Dannheimer to run the German exchange group's new trade venue regulation division. The firm said on Friday the new division  which has been running since November 1 ,If you are an existing subscriber please sign in to read this article in full.Sign up for a free trialTake a complimentary trial to Global Investor Group and gain access to a wealth of news  analysis and data across the Asset Management  Securities Finance  Custody  Fund Services and Derivatives markets from across the suite of Global Investor Products.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['new trade venue regulation section', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'head', 'Global Investor Group', 'Global Investor Products', 'existing subscriber', 'free trial', 'complimentary trial', 'Asset Management', 'Securities Finance', 'Fund Services', 'Derivatives markets', 'article', 'access', 'wealth', 'news', 'analysis', 'data', 'Custody', 'suite']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globalinvestorgroup.com
13084,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees https://t.co/QvXjDr4TSu,nan,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees https://t.co/QvXjDr4TSu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'CoinShares', 'BinanceTTC', 'TechTrees', 'QvXjDr4TSu', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'CoinShares', 'BinanceTTC', 'TechTrees', 'QvXjDr4TSu']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13085,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - Daily: A slightly bearish trend and a neutral short term. With such a patter… https://t.co/63CENiLD1q,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - Daily: A slightly bearish trend and a neutral short term. With such a patter… https://t.co/63CENiLD1q,neutral,0.06,0.87,0.07,neutral,0.06,0.87,0.07,True,English,"['neutral short term', 'bearish trend', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Daily', 'patter', 'neutral short term', 'bearish trend', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Daily', 'patter']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13086,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - Daily: A slightly bearish trend and a neutral short term. With such a pattern  it is difficu… https://t.co/eiXnO3Kot2,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - Daily: A slightly bearish trend and a neutral short term. With such a pattern  it is difficu… https://t.co/eiXnO3Kot2,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['neutral short term', 'bearish trend', 'Daily', 'pattern', 'eiXnO3Kot2', 'neutral short term', 'bearish trend', 'Daily', 'pattern', 'eiXnO3Kot2']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13087,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The IOTA Foundation said that it partnered with Crypto Finance Group  which is part of Deutsche Börse Group  to sup… https://t.co/quUzVuMK2D,nan,The IOTA Foundation said that it partnered with Crypto Finance Group  which is part of Deutsche Börse Group  to sup… https://t.co/quUzVuMK2D,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'The IOTA Foundation', 'part', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'The IOTA Foundation', 'part']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13088,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/akwel-turnover-increases-5-7-060000569.html,AKWEL: TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022,Thursday 10 November 2022 TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022 AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment ...,AkwelThursday 10 November 2022TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €739.2m at 30 September 2022  up by +5.7% compared to 2021.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 30 September 2022)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% Total for 9 months 739.2 699.1 +5.7% +10.2%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.In the third quarter of 2022  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €251.1m  up by +18.7% on the previous year when comparing figures and by +22.3% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants. In a still difficult market context  the group has confirmed the gradual recovery in its activity  but it is still down -3.3% compared to the third quarter of 2019  before the health crisis.In nine months of the financial year  AKWEL’s turnover increased by +10.2% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.Over nine months  turnover from Products and Functions increased by 6.2% to €714.4m  with performance particularly driven by Cooling (+13.4%)  Washing (+8.5%) and Air (+6.9%).Free cash-flow generation was €6.6m in the third quarter  giving the group €112.6m in net cash (excluding debt on rental obligations)  an increase of €14.3m over nine months.AKWEL confirms its expectation of moderate revenue growth for the year 2022. The ongoing supply difficulties and inflation of operating costs  which is difficult to pass on in the short term  will  as announced  lead to a significant fall in the group’s annual current operating income.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'AKWEL', 'TURNOVER', 'THE', '2022', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'difficult market context', 'Free cash-flow generation', 'ongoing supply difficulties', 'current operating income', 'moderate revenue growth', 'independent, family-owned group', 'FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'exchange rates', 'operating costs', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'gradual recovery', 'health crisis', 'net cash', 'rental obligations', 'short term', 'significant fall', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'previous year', 'financial year', 'Consolidated turnover', 'AKW.PA', 'The Group', 'fluid management', '9 months', 'Akwel', 'Thursday', 'PEA', 'automotive', 'mechanism', '30 September', 'January', 'millions', 'Variation', 'figures', 'scope', 'constants', 'activity', 'Products', 'Functions', 'performance', 'Cooling', 'Washing', 'Air', 'debt', 'increase', 'expectation', 'inflation', 'annual', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '2022', '€']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13089,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sato-corporation-financial-communications-2023-083000333.html,SATO Corporation’s financial communications 2023,SATO Corporation  Stock exchange release  11 November  2022 at 10:30 am SATO Corporation will publish the financial statements bulletin for year 2022 on...,SATO OyjSATO Corporation  Stock exchange release  11 November  2022 at 10:30 amSATO Corporation will publish the financial statements bulletin for year 2022 on Friday  10 February 2023.Interim reports and Half year financial report for year 2023 will be published as follows:11 May 2023 Interim report 1 January - 31 March 202318 July 2023 Half year financial report 1 January - 30 June 202327 October 2023 Interim report 1 January - 30 September 2023SATO Corporation’s Annual General Meeting is planned to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023.All releases will be published on the stock exchange website and also at the address www.sato.fi/pressreleasesFor more information please contact:SATO CorporationMarkku Honkasalo  CFO  phone +358 201 34 4226  markku.honkasalo@sato.fiwww.sato.fiDISTRIBUTION: NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.  Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fiSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2021  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 298.3 million  operating profit EUR 304.5 million and profit before taxes EUR 259.4 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 5 billion. www.sato.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['SATO Corporation', 'financial communications', 'largest rental housing providers', 'urban rental housing alternatives', 'Half year financial report', 'financial statements bulletin', 'sustainable rental housing', 'Stock exchange release', 'Annual General Meeting', 'stock exchange website', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'excellent customer experience', '25,000 rental homes', 'Interim report', 'sustainable development', 'Euronext Dublin', 'main media', 'comprehensive range', 'good access', 'public transport', 'open interaction', 'long-term view', 'net sales', 'investment properties', 'SATO Oyj', 'SATO Corporation', 'SATO Group', 'operating profit', 'fi DISTRIBUTION', 'Markku Honkasalo', '11 November', 'Friday', '10 February', '11 May', 'January', '31 March', 'July', '30 June', '27 October', '30 September', 'Thursday', 'All', 'releases', 'address', 'information', 'CFO', 'phone', 'expert', 'Finland', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'services', 'stakeholders', 'value', 'assets', 'investments', 'divestments', 'repairs', 'taxes', '10:30']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13090,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/global-bioenergies-renews-equity-line-163900392.html,Global Bioenergies renews equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux to support industrial deployment,Global Bioenergies renews equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux to support industrial deployment Evry  11 November 2022 Global Bioenergies today announces the...,GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies renews equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux to support industrial deploymentEvry  11 November 2022Global Bioenergies today announces the renewal of its equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux  a leading European financial services company acting as ISP1 as part of an underwriting agreement. This financing solution with Kepler Cheuvreux has already been a well-proven success for Global Bioenergies: the two-year contract signed in August 2020 raised €13.6 million and the valuation of Global Bioenergies doubled over the same period.This transaction aims to strengthen the Company’s financial structure. The funds raised will mainly go towards prefinancing the production of Isonaturane® 12 on the new “Horizon 2” line and performing engineering studies for the 2 000 tonne/year Horizon 3 plant  construction of which is to be financed via an SPV in 2023. This transaction was implemented in accordance with the 12th resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders of 18 June 2021.In accordance with the terms of the agreement  Kepler Cheuvreux has undertaken to subscribe  at its own initiative  to a maximum of 2 490 000 shares representing an issue amount of around €11 million2 over a maximum period of 24 months  provided that the contractual terms and conditions are met. The shares will be issued on the basis of an average volume-weighted share price over the two trading days preceding each issue  less a maximum discount of 5.0%. These conditions allow Kepler Cheuvreux  acting as financial intermediary  to guarantee the subscription of shares throughout the term of the agreement.Global Bioenergies retains the option to suspend or terminate the agreement at any time.If the facility is fully utilised  a shareholder holding 1.00% of Global Bioenergies’ share capital prior to the implementation of the new equity line would see his or her interest reduced to 0.86%3 of the share capital on a non-diluted basis.The number of shares issued under this agreement and admitted to trading will be communicated on a monthly basis on the Global Bioenergies website.Story continuesThis issue will not give rise to the preparation of a prospectus subject to the approval of the AMF.Samuel Dubruque  Chief Financial Officer of Global Bioenergies  said: “The Company has now embarked on commercial production and aims to produce by the end of 2023 three batches of several tonnes of Isonaturane® 12 each intended for major make-up companies. Meanwhile  an SPV is being created for the next plant  known as Horizon 3  which will be larger  integrated and capable of producing at costs compatible with the extensive skincare and haircare markets. During this bustling period  an equity line such as the one renewed today with our partner  Kepler Cheuvreux  will strengthen our available cash (€7.3 million at present) in a flexible and adaptable manner  and will round out the range of financing solutions required for our development.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESSamuel DubruqueCFOinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.com1 Investment Services Provider In France  Kepler Cheuvreux is approved and monitored by the French Prudential and Resolution Supervisory Authority (ACPR) and the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF).2 On the indicative basis of the weighted average share price over the last ten trading days  potential non-guaranteed amount3 Based on the 14 865 693 shares comprising the Company’s share capital at 31 October 2022Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.25,0.47,True,English,"['Global Bioenergies', 'equity line', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'industrial deployment', 'leading European financial services company', 'average volume-weighted share price', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'last ten trading days', '1 Investment Services Provider', 'average share price', 'Global Bioenergies’ share capital', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'two trading days', 'major make-up companies', 'natural make-up brand', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Resolution Supervisory Authority', 'major cosmetics companies', '2,000 tonne/year Horizon 3 plant', 'new “Horizon 2” line', 'new equity line', 'Global Bioenergies website', 'financial structure', 'financial intermediary', 'haircare markets', 'French Prudential', '12th resolution', 'next plant', 'cosmetics industry', 'global warming', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'industrial deployment', 'financing solution', 'two-year contract', 'same period', 'engineering studies', 'General Meeting', 'Samuel Dubruque', 'three batches', 'several tonnes', 'extensive skincare', 'bustling period', 'available cash', 'adaptable manner', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'carbon footprint', 'long run', 'road sector', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'diluted basis', 'monthly basis', 'indicative basis', 'maximum period', 'maximum discount', 'contractual terms', 'commercial production', 'underwriting agreement', 'issue amount', 'LAST®', 'Evry', 'November', 'renewal', 'ISP1', 'part', 'success', 'August', 'transaction', 'funds', 'Isonaturane®', 'construction', 'SPV', 'accordance', 'Shareholders', '18 June', 'initiative', '2,490,000 shares', '24 months', 'conditions', 'subscription', 'option', 'time', 'facility', 'implementation', 'interest', 'number', 'Story', 'rise', 'preparation', 'prospectus', 'approval', 'AMF', 'end', 'costs', 'present', 'flexible', 'range', 'development', 'compounds', 'energy', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'France', 'ACPR', 'potential', '14,865,693 shares', '31 October', 'Attachment', '0.', '2023']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13091,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000146.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6783 £ 24.2765 Estimated MTD return -1.67 % -1.67 % Estimated YTD return -5.21 % -4.06 % Estimated ITD return 176.78 % 142.77 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.62 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7007 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.4847The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13092,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000579.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6783 £ 24.2765 Estimated MTD return -1.67 % -1.67 % Estimated YTD return -5.21 % -4.06 % Estimated ITD return 176.78 % 142.77 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.62 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7007 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.4847The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13093,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554147/0/en/Galapagos-announces-CHMP-adoption-of-PRAC-s-recommendation-for-Jyseleca-following-extensive-safety-review-of-all-JAK-inhibitors.html,Galapagos announces CHMP adoption of PRAC’s recommendation for Jyseleca® following extensive safety review of all JAK inhibitors,Mechelen  Belgium; 11 November 2022  13.15 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP)  the scientific committee of the European Medicines Agency (EMA)  has adopted PRAC’s recommen…,"English DutchSupportive outcome for Jyseleca as treatment option with a positive benefit/risk profile after review of safety data of all JAK inhibitors approved in Europe for treatment of inflammatory conditionsThis follows the recommended harmonization of EU labels for all JAK inhibitors by Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC)For patients aged ≥65 years  current or long-time past smokers and patients with a history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular (CV) disease or other CV and malignancy risk factors  risk minimization measures have been adoptedMechelen  Belgium; 11 November 2022  13.15 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP)  the scientific committee of the European Medicines Agency (EMA)  has adopted PRAC’s recommendation to add measures to minimise risk of serious side effects with JAK inhibitors for chronic inflammatory disorders.“JAK inhibitors are an important treatment option for patients based on individual benefit/risk and we see this outcome as a positive evolution in supporting the best use of the JAK inhibitor class” said Dr. Walid Abi-Saab  Chief Medical Officer of Galapagos. “Jyseleca is the only 2nd generation JAK inhibitor with JAK1 preferential inhibition of both approved doses  as well as the possibility of treating with the lowest effective dose in both RA and UC. We are very pleased with today’s outcome as we continue our mission to improve lives of people living with inflammatory diseases.”The product labels of all JAK inhibitors will be updated to include a precautionary approach for patients aged 65 years or above  those at increased risk of major cardiovascular problems (such as heart attack or stroke)  those who smoke or have done so for a long time in the past and those at increased risk of cancer. For those at-risk patients  the recommendation is that JAK inhibitors  including Jyseleca  should be used only if no suitable treatment alternatives are available. The CHMP followed PRAC’s recommendation that JAK inhibitors should be used with caution in patients with risk factors for blood clots in the lungs and in deep veins (venous thromboembolism  VTE) other than those listed above.Following today’s CHMP opinion  filgotinib 200mg once daily remains the recommended dose for the treatment of patients with RA. For patients with UC  filgotinib 200mg once daily remains the recommended dose for induction and maintenance therapy. Dose adjustments are recommended for patients aged 65 years or above and/or at risk of major adverse cardiac events (MACE)  VTE or malignancy  namely 100mg once daily dose in patients with RA  which can be escalated to 200mg in case of insufficient disease control. For at-risk patients with UC  the initiation dose remains unchanged  but a maintenance dose of 100mg should be considered. In case of a flare of disease  the dose should be escalated to 200mg once daily. For long-term treatment in patients with above risk factors  the lowest effective dose should be used.“The recommendation by the PRAC reflects the concerns raised by the substance class mainly in older patients with rheumatoid arthritis ” said Dr. Stefan Schreiber  Professor of Medicine and Gastroenterology at the Christian-Albrechts-University in Kiel  Director of the Clinic for Internal Medicine at the University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein and Leader of Translational Inflammation Research Group in the Kiel University. “It is comforting to see that we still have the option for a benefit-oriented use of filgotinib in ulcerative colitis to provide fast anti-inflammatory efficacy to the main patient group.”Professor Lars Erik Vølund Kristensen  Professor and CSO at the Parker Institute  University of Copenhagen and Associate Professor at Lund University  Sweden  said  ""It is reassuring to see that we can still use JAK inhibitors to help a large proportion of our arthritis patients to obtain fast acting and effective anti-inflammatory treatment. I find that PRAC's recommendation harmonizes well with the concerns raised by the Oral Surveillance study  which included older rheumatoid arthritis patients with cardiovascular risk factors.""The CHMP opinion follows the recommendation of the PRAC which carried out a safety review (Article 20 procedure) of all EU-approved JAK inhibitors  including filgotinib  following the Oral Surveillance data on tofacitinib and recent data from a retrospective observational study with baricitinib. The Article 20 procedure is a specific pharmacovigilance (PV) procedure which allowed the EMA to investigate the quality  efficacy  and safety issues for one or more centrally approved products – in this case a safety review on MACE  VTE  serious infections  malignancies  and mortality for the JAK inhibitors authorised in inflammatory diseases.The European Commission decision is expected by January 2023  approximately 60 days after today’s CHMP opinion  following which the language in the ‘special warnings and precautions for use’ and the ‘posology’ sections of the Summary of Product Characteristics (SmPC) will be updated.About filgotinibFilgotinib is marketed as Jyseleca in the European Union (incl. Norway)  Great Britain  and Japan for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to one or more disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs). Filgotinib is also marketed as Jyseleca in the European Union (incl. Norway)  Great Britain  and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC) who have had an inadequate response with  lost response to  or were intolerant to either conventional therapy or a biologic agent. Jyseleca (filgotinib) 100mg and 200mg are registered in the above- mentioned territories. A global Phase 3 program with filgotinib is ongoing in Crohn’s Disease. More information about clinical trials can be accessed at https://www.clinicaltrials.gov.The European Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib  which includes contraindications and special warnings and precautions  is available at www.ema.europa.eu. The Great Britain Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.medicines.org.uk/emc and the Northern Ireland Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.emcmedicines.com/en-GB/northernireland  respectively. The interview form from the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare is available at www.info.pmda.go.jp.Jyseleca® is a trademark of Galapagos NV and Gilead Sciences  Inc. or its related companies. Except for filgotinib’s approval as Jyseleca for the treatment of moderately to severely RA and UC by the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union  Great Britain  and Japan  our drug candidates are investigational; their efficacy and safety have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About Rheumatoid ArthritisRheumatoid arthritis (RA) is an autoimmune inflammatory disease that primarily causes pain  stiffness and swelling in the joints. RA often follows a painful  progressively debilitating course  depriving patients of the ability to continue their daily lives and leading to physical disability. Despite current treatments  RA continues to pose a substantial burden to people living with the disease  comprised of the daily health issues directly related to their RA  such as pain  and the complications of managing comorbid conditions.1 2 3About ulcerative colitisUlcerative colitis (UC) is a debilitating inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) that occurs as a result of an abnormal immune system response. Across Europe an estimated 2.5 - 3 million people4 are affected by IBD  which includes UC and Crohn’s disease (CD). UC is a chronic inflammatory condition characterized by periods of flare ups followed by remission. In addition to the physical impact from flare ups  there is also a psychological impact associated with UC. It causes significant impairments on quality of life and a poor prognosis is often seen in patients with symptoms of moderate to severe UC at diagnosis.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to Phase 4 programs in immunology  oncology and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in the European Union  Norway  Great Britain  and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactInvestors:Sofie Van GijselHead of Investor Relations+1 781 296 1143Sandra CauwenberghsDirector Investor Relations+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comMedia:Marieke VermeerschHead of Corporate Communication+32 479 490 603media@glpg.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “possibility ” “will ” “continue ” “expect ” “should ” and “recommendation ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the PRAC recommendation for filgotinib  statements regarding the expected timing of the EC’s decision  statements related to Galapagos’ plans and strategy with respect to Jyseleca  statements relating to interactions with regulatory authorities  the timing or likelihood of additional regulatory authorities’ approval of marketing authorization for filgotinib for RA  UC or any other indication for filgotinib in Europe  Great Britain  or Japan . Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on Galapagos management’s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause Galapagos’ actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any historic or future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies with filgotinib may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks associated with clinical trial and product development activities  including the filgotinib clinical program and the FILOSOPHY and FINCH 4 LTE study  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs  including but not limited to the data from the ongoing FILOSOPHY or FINCH 4 LTE study  may not support registration or further development of filgotinib due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  the risks related to continued regulatory review of filgotinib following approval by relevant regulatory authorities  including EMA’s safety review of JAK inhibitors used to treat certain inflammatory disorders  the risks that regulatory authorities may require additional post-approval trials of filgotinib or any other product candidates that are approved in the future  Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties (including our collaboration partner for filgotinib  Gilead) and that Galapagos’ estimations regarding its filgotinib development program and regarding the commercial potential of filgotinib may be incorrect  the risk that Galapagos will not be able to continue to execute on its currently contemplated business plan and/or will need to revise its business plan  and risks related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  as supplemented and/or modified by any other filings and reports that we have made or will make with the SEC in the future. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if Galapagos’ results  performance or achievements are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release unless required by law or regulation.1 Taylor PC  Moore A  Vasilescu R  Alvir J  Tarallo M. A structured literature review of the burden of illness and unmet needs in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a current perspective. Rheumatology International. 2016;36(5):685-95.2 Radner H  et al. Comorbidity affects all domains of physical function and quality of life in patients with rheumatoid arthritis Rheumatology 2011 Feb;50(2):381-8.3 An J  et al. Prevalence of comorbidities and their associations with health-related quality of life and healthcare expenditures in patients with rheumatoid arthritis Clin Rheumatol. 2019; 38(10):2717-2726.4 Burisch J. et al. Journal of Crohn’s and Colitis (2013); 7:322-337.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.1,0.54,True,English,"['extensive safety review', 'CHMP adoption', 'JAK inhibitors', 'Galapagos', 'PRAC', 'recommendation', 'Jyseleca', 'Professor Lars Erik Vølund Kristensen', 'major adverse cardiac events', 'Translational Inflammation Research Group', 'specific pharmacovigilance (PV) procedure', 'The European Commission decision', '2nd generation JAK inhibitor', 'atherosclerotic cardiovascular (CV) disease', 'Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee', 'older rheumatoid arthritis patients', 'major cardiovascular problems', 'European Medicines Agency', 'main patient group', 'chronic inflammatory disorders', 'Dr. Walid Abi-Saab', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'JAK1 preferential inhibition', 'Dr. Stefan Schreiber', 'Oral Surveillance study', 'retrospective observational study', 'serious side effects', 'Oral Surveillance data', 'JAK inhibitor class', 'suitable treatment alternatives', 'positive benefit/risk profile', 'cardiovascular risk factors', 'lowest effective dose', 'effective anti-inflammatory treatment', 'time past smokers', 'The CHMP opinion', 'important treatment option', 'risk minimization measures', 'malignancy risk factors', 'Lund University', 'other CV', 'Article 20 procedure', 'individual benefit/risk', 'positive evolution', 'substance class', 'Associate Professor', 'serious infections', 'older patients', 'safety data', 'scientific committee', 'disease control', 'recent data', 'JAK inhibitors', 'long-term treatment', 'English Dutch', 'EU labels', 'product labels', 'precautionary approach', 'heart attack', 'long time', 'blood clots', 'deep veins', 'venous thromboembolism', 'maintenance therapy', 'ulcerative colitis', 'anti-inflammatory efficacy', 'Parker Institute', 'large proportion', 'safety issues', 'special warnings', 'posology’ sections', 'Product C', 'Dose adjustments', 'initiation dose', 'maintenance dose', 'Human Use', 'best use', 'University Hospital', 'benefit-oriented use', 'safety review', 'risk patients', 'Galapagos NV', 'Medicinal Products', 'Internal Medicine', 'fast acting', 'Supportive outcome', 'Kiel University', 'filgotinib 200mg', 'Jyseleca', 'conditions', 'harmonization', 'PRAC', '65 years', 'current', 'history', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'November', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'EMA', 'recommendation', 'doses', 'possibility', 'lives', 'people', 'diseases', 'stroke', 'cancer', 'lungs', 'VTE', 'today', 'induction', 'MACE', '100mg', 'case', 'flare', 'concerns', 'Gastroenterology', 'Christian-Albrechts-University', 'Director', 'Clinic', 'Schleswig-Holstein', 'Leader', 'CSO', 'Copenhagen', 'Sweden', 'EU-approved', 'tofacitinib', 'baricitinib', 'quality', 'centrally', 'malignancies', 'mortality', 'January', 'language', 'precautions', 'Summary']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13094,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2553964/0/en/AKWEL-TURNOVER-INCREASES-5-7-IN-THE-FIRST-NINE-MONTHS-OF-2022.html,AKWEL: TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022,Thursday 10 November 2022  TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022  AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive...,English Chinese (Simplified)Thursday 10 November 2022TURNOVER INCREASES 5.7% IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €739.2m at 30 September 2022  up by +5.7% compared to 2021.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 30 September 2022)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% Total for 9 months 739.2 699.1 +5.7% +10.2%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.In the third quarter of 2022  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €251.1m  up by +18.7% on the previous year when comparing figures and by +22.3% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants. In a still difficult market context  the group has confirmed the gradual recovery in its activity  but it is still down -3.3% compared to the third quarter of 2019  before the health crisis.In nine months of the financial year  AKWEL’s turnover increased by +10.2% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.Over nine months  turnover from Products and Functions increased by 6.2% to €714.4m  with performance particularly driven by Cooling (+13.4%)  Washing (+8.5%) and Air (+6.9%).Free cash-flow generation was €6.6m in the third quarter  giving the group €112.6m in net cash (excluding debt on rental obligations)  an increase of €14.3m over nine months.AKWEL confirms its expectation of moderate revenue growth for the year 2022. The ongoing supply difficulties and inflation of operating costs  which is difficult to pass on in the short term  will  as announced  lead to a significant fall in the group’s annual current operating income.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'AKWEL', 'TURNOVER', 'THE', '2022', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'difficult market context', 'Free cash-flow generation', 'ongoing supply difficulties', 'current operating income', 'moderate revenue growth', 'independent, family-owned group', 'FIRST NINE MONTHS', 'exchange rates', 'operating costs', 'English Chinese', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'gradual recovery', 'health crisis', 'net cash', 'rental obligations', 'short term', 'significant fall', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'previous year', 'financial year', 'Consolidated turnover', 'AKW.PA', 'The Group', 'fluid management', '9 months', 'Thursday', 'AKWEL', 'PEA', 'automotive', 'mechanism', '30 September', 'January', 'millions', 'Variation', 'figures', 'scope', 'constants', 'activity', 'Products', 'Functions', 'performance', 'Cooling', 'Washing', 'Air', 'debt', 'increase', 'expectation', 'inflation', 'annual', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '2022', '€']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13095,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2553998/0/en/SATO-Corporation-s-financial-communications-2023.html,SATO Corporation’s financial communications 2023,SATO Corporation  Stock exchange release  11 November  2022 at 10:30 am  SATO Corporation will publish the financial statements bulletin for year 2022...,English FinnishSATO Corporation  Stock exchange release  11 November  2022 at 10:30 amSATO Corporation will publish the financial statements bulletin for year 2022 on Friday  10 February 2023.Interim reports and Half year financial report for year 2023 will be published as follows:11 May 2023 Interim report 1 January - 31 March 202318 July 2023 Half year financial report 1 January - 30 June 202327 October 2023 Interim report 1 January - 30 September 2023SATO Corporation’s Annual General Meeting is planned to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023.All releases will be published on the stock exchange website and also at the address www.sato.fi/pressreleasesFor more information please contact:SATO CorporationMarkku Honkasalo  CFO  phone +358 201 34 4226  markku.honkasalo@sato.fiwww.sato.fiDISTRIBUTION: NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.  Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fiSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2021  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 298.3 million  operating profit EUR 304.5 million and profit before taxes EUR 259.4 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 5 billion. www.sato.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['SATO Corporation', 'financial communications', 'largest rental housing providers', 'urban rental housing alternatives', 'Half year financial report', 'financial statements bulletin', 'sustainable rental housing', 'Stock exchange release', 'Annual General Meeting', 'stock exchange website', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'excellent customer experience', '25,000 rental homes', 'Interim report', 'sustainable development', 'English Finnish', 'Euronext Dublin', 'main media', 'comprehensive range', 'good access', 'public transport', 'open interaction', 'long-term view', 'net sales', 'investment properties', 'SATO Corporation', 'SATO Group', 'operating profit', 'fi DISTRIBUTION', 'Markku Honkasalo', 'Friday', '10 February', '11 May', 'January', '31 March', 'July', '30 June', '27 October', '30 September', 'Thursday', 'All', 'releases', 'address', 'information', 'CFO', 'phone', 'expert', 'Finland', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'services', 'stakeholders', 'value', 'assets', 'investments', 'divestments', 'repairs', 'taxes', '10:30']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13096,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/galapagos-announces-chmp-adoption-prac-121500734.html,Galapagos announces CHMP adoption of PRAC’s recommendation for Jyseleca® following extensive safety review of all JAK inhibitors,Supportive outcome for Jyseleca as treatment option with a positive benefit/risk profile after review of safety data of all JAK inhibitors approved in Europe...,"Galapagos NVSupportive outcome for Jyseleca as treatment option with a positive benefit/risk profile after review of safety data of all JAK inhibitors approved in Europe for treatment of inflammatory conditionsThis follows the recommended harmonization of EU labels for all JAK inhibitors by Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC)For patients aged ≥65 years  current or long-time past smokers and patients with a history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular (CV) disease or other CV and malignancy risk factors  risk minimization measures have been adoptedMechelen  Belgium; 11 November 2022  13.15 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP)  the scientific committee of the European Medicines Agency (EMA)  has adopted PRAC’s recommendation to add measures to minimise risk of serious side effects with JAK inhibitors for chronic inflammatory disorders.“JAK inhibitors are an important treatment option for patients based on individual benefit/risk and we see this outcome as a positive evolution in supporting the best use of the JAK inhibitor class” said Dr. Walid Abi-Saab  Chief Medical Officer of Galapagos. “Jyseleca is the only 2nd generation JAK inhibitor with JAK1 preferential inhibition of both approved doses  as well as the possibility of treating with the lowest effective dose in both RA and UC. We are very pleased with today’s outcome as we continue our mission to improve lives of people living with inflammatory diseases.”The product labels of all JAK inhibitors will be updated to include a precautionary approach for patients aged 65 years or above  those at increased risk of major cardiovascular problems (such as heart attack or stroke)  those who smoke or have done so for a long time in the past and those at increased risk of cancer. For those at-risk patients  the recommendation is that JAK inhibitors  including Jyseleca  should be used only if no suitable treatment alternatives are available. The CHMP followed PRAC’s recommendation that JAK inhibitors should be used with caution in patients with risk factors for blood clots in the lungs and in deep veins (venous thromboembolism  VTE) other than those listed above.Story continuesFollowing today’s CHMP opinion  filgotinib 200mg once daily remains the recommended dose for the treatment of patients with RA. For patients with UC  filgotinib 200mg once daily remains the recommended dose for induction and maintenance therapy. Dose adjustments are recommended for patients aged 65 years or above and/or at risk of major adverse cardiac events (MACE)  VTE or malignancy  namely 100mg once daily dose in patients with RA  which can be escalated to 200mg in case of insufficient disease control. For at-risk patients with UC  the initiation dose remains unchanged  but a maintenance dose of 100mg should be considered. In case of a flare of disease  the dose should be escalated to 200mg once daily. For long-term treatment in patients with above risk factors  the lowest effective dose should be used.“The recommendation by the PRAC reflects the concerns raised by the substance class mainly in older patients with rheumatoid arthritis ” said Dr. Stefan Schreiber  Professor of Medicine and Gastroenterology at the Christian-Albrechts-University in Kiel  Director of the Clinic for Internal Medicine at the University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein and Leader of Translational Inflammation Research Group in the Kiel University. “It is comforting to see that we still have the option for a benefit-oriented use of filgotinib in ulcerative colitis to provide fast anti-inflammatory efficacy to the main patient group.”Professor Lars Erik Vølund Kristensen  Professor and CSO at the Parker Institute  University of Copenhagen and Associate Professor at Lund University  Sweden  said  ""It is reassuring to see that we can still use JAK inhibitors to help a large proportion of our arthritis patients to obtain fast acting and effective anti-inflammatory treatment. I find that PRAC's recommendation harmonizes well with the concerns raised by the Oral Surveillance study  which included older rheumatoid arthritis patients with cardiovascular risk factors.""The CHMP opinion follows the recommendation of the PRAC which carried out a safety review (Article 20 procedure) of all EU-approved JAK inhibitors  including filgotinib  following the Oral Surveillance data on tofacitinib and recent data from a retrospective observational study with baricitinib. The Article 20 procedure is a specific pharmacovigilance (PV) procedure which allowed the EMA to investigate the quality  efficacy  and safety issues for one or more centrally approved products – in this case a safety review on MACE  VTE  serious infections  malignancies  and mortality for the JAK inhibitors authorised in inflammatory diseases.The European Commission decision is expected by January 2023  approximately 60 days after today’s CHMP opinion  following which the language in the ‘special warnings and precautions for use’ and the ‘posology’ sections of the Summary of Product Characteristics (SmPC) will be updated.About filgotinibFilgotinib is marketed as Jyseleca in the European Union (incl. Norway)  Great Britain  and Japan for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to one or more disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs). Filgotinib is also marketed as Jyseleca in the European Union (incl. Norway)  Great Britain  and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC) who have had an inadequate response with  lost response to  or were intolerant to either conventional therapy or a biologic agent. Jyseleca (filgotinib) 100mg and 200mg are registered in the above- mentioned territories. A global Phase 3 program with filgotinib is ongoing in Crohn’s Disease. More information about clinical trials can be accessed at https://www.clinicaltrials.gov.The European Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib  which includes contraindications and special warnings and precautions  is available at www.ema.europa.eu. The Great Britain Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.medicines.org.uk/emc and the Northern Ireland Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.emcmedicines.com/en-GB/northernireland  respectively. The interview form from the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare is available at www.info.pmda.go.jp.Jyseleca® is a trademark of Galapagos NV and Gilead Sciences  Inc. or its related companies. Except for filgotinib’s approval as Jyseleca for the treatment of moderately to severely RA and UC by the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union  Great Britain  and Japan  our drug candidates are investigational; their efficacy and safety have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About Rheumatoid ArthritisRheumatoid arthritis (RA) is an autoimmune inflammatory disease that primarily causes pain  stiffness and swelling in the joints. RA often follows a painful  progressively debilitating course  depriving patients of the ability to continue their daily lives and leading to physical disability. Despite current treatments  RA continues to pose a substantial burden to people living with the disease  comprised of the daily health issues directly related to their RA  such as pain  and the complications of managing comorbid conditions.1 2 3About ulcerative colitisUlcerative colitis (UC) is a debilitating inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) that occurs as a result of an abnormal immune system response. Across Europe an estimated 2.5 - 3 million people4 are affected by IBD  which includes UC and Crohn’s disease (CD). UC is a chronic inflammatory condition characterized by periods of flare ups followed by remission. In addition to the physical impact from flare ups  there is also a psychological impact associated with UC. It causes significant impairments on quality of life and a poor prognosis is often seen in patients with symptoms of moderate to severe UC at diagnosis.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to Phase 4 programs in immunology  oncology and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in the European Union  Norway  Great Britain  and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactInvestors:Sofie Van GijselHead of Investor Relations+1 781 296 1143Sandra CauwenberghsDirector Investor Relations+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comMedia:Marieke VermeerschHead of Corporate Communication+32 479 490 603media@glpg.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “possibility ” “will ” “continue ” “expect ” “should ” and “recommendation ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the PRAC recommendation for filgotinib  statements regarding the expected timing of the EC’s decision  statements related to Galapagos’ plans and strategy with respect to Jyseleca  statements relating to interactions with regulatory authorities  the timing or likelihood of additional regulatory authorities’ approval of marketing authorization for filgotinib for RA  UC or any other indication for filgotinib in Europe  Great Britain  or Japan . Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on Galapagos management’s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause Galapagos’ actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any historic or future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies with filgotinib may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks associated with clinical trial and product development activities  including the filgotinib clinical program and the FILOSOPHY and FINCH 4 LTE study  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs  including but not limited to the data from the ongoing FILOSOPHY or FINCH 4 LTE study  may not support registration or further development of filgotinib due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  the risks related to continued regulatory review of filgotinib following approval by relevant regulatory authorities  including EMA’s safety review of JAK inhibitors used to treat certain inflammatory disorders  the risks that regulatory authorities may require additional post-approval trials of filgotinib or any other product candidates that are approved in the future  Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties (including our collaboration partner for filgotinib  Gilead) and that Galapagos’ estimations regarding its filgotinib development program and regarding the commercial potential of filgotinib may be incorrect  the risk that Galapagos will not be able to continue to execute on its currently contemplated business plan and/or will need to revise its business plan  and risks related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  as supplemented and/or modified by any other filings and reports that we have made or will make with the SEC in the future. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if Galapagos’ results  performance or achievements are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release unless required by law or regulation.1 Taylor PC  Moore A  Vasilescu R  Alvir J  Tarallo M. A structured literature review of the burden of illness and unmet needs in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a current perspective. Rheumatology International. 2016;36(5):685-95.2 Radner H  et al. Comorbidity affects all domains of physical function and quality of life in patients with rheumatoid arthritis Rheumatology 2011 Feb;50(2):381-8.3 An J  et al. Prevalence of comorbidities and their associations with health-related quality of life and healthcare expenditures in patients with rheumatoid arthritis Clin Rheumatol. 2019; 38(10):2717-2726.4 Burisch J. et al. Journal of Crohn’s and Colitis (2013); 7:322-337.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.11,0.5,True,English,"['extensive safety review', 'CHMP adoption', 'JAK inhibitors', 'Galapagos', 'PRAC', 'recommendation', 'Jyseleca', 'Professor Lars Erik Vølund Kristensen', 'major adverse cardiac events', 'Translational Inflammation Research Group', 'specific pharmacovigilance (PV) procedure', 'The European Commission decision', '2nd generation JAK inhibitor', 'atherosclerotic cardiovascular (CV) disease', 'Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee', 'older rheumatoid arthritis patients', 'major cardiovascular problems', 'European Medicines Agency', 'main patient group', 'chronic inflammatory disorders', 'Dr. Walid Abi-Saab', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'JAK1 preferential inhibition', 'Dr. Stefan Schreiber', 'Oral Surveillance study', 'retrospective observational study', 'serious side effects', 'Oral Surveillance data', 'JAK inhibitor class', 'suitable treatment alternatives', 'positive benefit/risk profile', 'cardiovascular risk factors', 'lowest effective dose', 'effective anti-inflammatory treatment', 'time past smokers', 'The CHMP opinion', 'important treatment option', 'risk minimization measures', 'malignancy risk factors', 'Lund University', 'other CV', 'Article 20 procedure', 'individual benefit/risk', 'positive evolution', 'substance class', 'Associate Professor', 'serious infections', 'older patients', 'safety data', 'scientific committee', 'disease control', 'recent data', 'JAK inhibitors', 'long-term treatment', 'EU labels', 'product labels', 'precautionary approach', 'heart attack', 'long time', 'blood clots', 'deep veins', 'venous thromboembolism', 'maintenance therapy', 'ulcerative colitis', 'anti-inflammatory efficacy', 'Parker Institute', 'large proportion', 'safety issues', 'special warnings', 'posology’ sections', 'Dose adjustments', 'initiation dose', 'maintenance dose', 'Human Use', 'best use', 'University Hospital', 'benefit-oriented use', 'Galapagos NV', 'safety review', 'risk patients', 'Medicinal Products', 'Internal Medicine', 'fast acting', 'Supportive outcome', 'Kiel University', 'filgotinib 200mg', 'Jyseleca', 'conditions', 'harmonization', 'PRAC', '65 years', 'current', 'history', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'November', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'EMA', 'recommendation', 'doses', 'possibility', 'lives', 'people', 'diseases', 'stroke', 'cancer', 'lungs', 'VTE', 'today', 'induction', 'MACE', '100mg', 'case', 'flare', 'concerns', 'Gastroenterology', 'Christian-Albrechts-University', 'Director', 'Clinic', 'Schleswig-Holstein', 'Leader', 'CSO', 'Copenhagen', 'Sweden', 'EU-approved', 'tofacitinib', 'baricitinib', 'quality', 'centrally', 'malignancies', 'mortality', 'January', 'language', 'precautions', 'Summ']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13097,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554377/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-NEGMA.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Negma Group has converted 130 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 325 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the e…,English DutchNegma Group has converted 130 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 325 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 11  2022 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 16 250 000 new ordinary shares on November 7  2022  for a total amount of EUR 325 000  as the result of the conversion of 130 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 109 075 765 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 92 825 765 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 72 981 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 109 075 765 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 109 075 765 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 719 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 719 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);1 007 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 007 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);550 000 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 550 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);725 749 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 725 749 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);810 convertible bonds issued on September 5  2022  and 21 October 2022  entitling their holder (Negma Group) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group on August 26  2021  and the addendum thereto dated September 2  2022; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021 and Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.26,0.46,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1', '130 class B convertible bonds', 'eye drug candidate', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'EUR 325,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '109,075,765 outstanding ordinary shares', '92,825,765 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', '16,250,000 new ordinary shares', 'Share capital', '130 convertible bonds', '810 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'regulated market', 'new information', 'English Dutch', 'Negma Group', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'voting rights', '719,500 subscription rights', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'total number', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'various risks', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'back', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'below', 'issuance', 'conversion', 'completion', 'denominator', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', '21 October', 'terms', 'August', 'addendum', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', '07.00']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13098,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2553989/0/en/Boskalis-business-update-strong-third-quarter-and-delivering-on-the-key-strategic-themes.html,Boskalis business update: strong third quarter and delivering on the key strategic themes,Papendrecht  11 November 2022  THIRD-QUARTER HIGHLIGHTS   Busy quarter with an increase in revenue and earningsOrder book: EUR 5.1 billionSolid balance......,English DutchPapendrecht  11 November 2022THIRD-QUARTER HIGHLIGHTSBusy quarter with an increase in revenue and earningsOrder book: EUR 5.1 billionSolid balance sheet with increase in net cash positionDelisting from Euronext Amsterdam as per 9 NovemberBoskalis has concluded a busy and strong third quarter both from a financial and operational viewpoint. Both quarterly revenue and earning were higher than the quarterly average for the first half year. Also  from an operational standpoint our key divisions – Dredging & Inland Infra and Offshore Energy – had a good quarter.Boskalis’ strategy is structured around three activity clusters that bring value to society with the objective of creating sustainable growth. During the last quarter  numerous impressive and impactful projects were under execution of which a selection is highlighted below.Creating Innovative InfrastructureAs Boskalis  we facilitate world trade  support economic development  and create infrastructure and new land for society. Projects contributing to this pillar include the following.In the Philippines  the construction of a huge sand body measuring nearly 1 700 hectares on the outskirts of Manila for the new Manila International Airport is in full swing. The dredging vessels  including the largest within the fleet  have delivered more than one third of the required total volume of 150 million cubic meters. As part of the project scope  a 360-meter-long quay wall is being constructed with the use of six large caissons that were transported from Spain by our heavy transport vessel BOKA Vanguard. The project is being executed in line with strict international environmental and social standards.In Denmark  the construction of the Fehmarnbelt tunnel that connects Scandinavia to Central Europe is in full progressing. The work harbor on the Danish end of the tunnel has been completed and work on the dredging of the 18 kilometer long tunnel trench is underway. Once completed  this will be the longest submersed tunnel in the world reducing the rail travel time between Hamburg and Copenhagen from 4.5 hours to 2.5 hours which will also result in a significant reduction of CO2 emissions.In Finland  Boskalis was awarded the 2022 Project of the Year Award by the Finnish Project Management Association for the deepening of the Vuosaari Channel in the port of Helsinki. The project scope included the deepening of the existing access channel to 13 meters and a significant part of the dredged material was reused for the reclamation of land for the new residential and office area Hernesaari in the Finnish capital. Boskalis was praised for its active communications with the local community.A noteworthy newly acquired project concerns the development of the Europa Terminal for the port of Antwerp in Belgium to ensure that the port can continue to receive the largest container ships and increase capacity by a third.Advancing the Energy TransitionBoskalis seeks to help expand access to renewable power and facilitates the energy transition by developing infrastructure to deliver affordable and clean energy. During the past quarter  a number of key projects contributed to this cluster.In Taiwan  Boskalis has been active on multiple offshore wind projects  the largest of which is the Changfang & Xidao development. The recently commissioned crane vessel Bokalift 2 has rounded off its 2022 installation campaign of jackets and pinpiles. The remaining jackets and pinpiles will be installed in 2023.In France  Boskalis together with its consortium partners recently completed the installation scope of 71 Gravity Base Structures (GBS) that serve as the turbine foundations for Fécamp offshore wind. In addition to the seabed preparation scope  Boskalis was responsible for the scour protection and ballasting of these concrete foundations. The project is expected to generate sufficient electricity to meet the domestic requirements of more than 770 000 people with an estimated reduction of two million tons of CO2 per annum.Survey and Subsea Services provide specialist services to the offshore energy sector. The third quarter utilization of the fleet was exceptionally high. In addition to the deployment of vessels in the Middle East  a significant amount of work was carried out in the North Sea.Protection through Climate AdaptationFor more than a century Boskalis has been active in providing protection against the forces of nature. Today  we help protect populations and the natural environment from the consequences of climate change  such as rising sea levels and extreme weather conditions through our coastal defense and riverbank protection activities. A selection of projects currently under execution include the following.Early 2022 Boskalis was awarded the contract to protect a part of the eroded coastline of Togo and Benin in Western Africa. The coastal protection project is part of the West African Coastal Areas Management (WACA) program.In the Netherlands  the multi-year project to reinforce the Markermeer dikes north of Amsterdam is in full swing. The Markermeer dikes are part of the Zuyder Sea dikes that have protected the hinterland for centuries from the former Zuyder Sea and now from the Markermeer lake. The dike reinforcement is necessary because more than 30 kilometers of the dikes no longer meet the standards for water safety  while nearly 1.2 million people live in the hinterland. The project is part of the national flood protection program and is being executed in an innovative alliance contract.Distinguishing AssetsTogether with our human capital  Boskalis’ strength lies in its ability to deploy proprietary  distinguishing assets.The recently commissioned Bokalift 2 crane vessel is currently undergoing a further modification with two tools being added to the vessel for offshore wind projects. The US Southfork and Revolution Wind farms require the installation of 2 300-ton monopiles measuring up to 114 meters long and 10 meters in diameter next year. Currently  an upending hinge is being prepared for installation in Singapore which will be used to upright the monopiles into a vertical position. Once installed  the Bokalift 2 will sail for Rotterdam where a motion compensated pile gripper frame will be installed in early 2023.Boskalis recently expanded its offshore fleet with the acquisition of the BOKA Northern Ocean Construction Support Vessel (CSV). This is the fourth CSV in the series BOKA Tiamat  BOKA Atlantic and BOKA Southern Ocean. With her large deck space and 400-ton crane  the BOKA Northern Ocean is a CSV that belongs to the high-end CSV market. This is a very important market for Boskalis ranging from installation work for Subsea Services or Subsea Cables to floating wind farms. Thanks to its A&R system (abandonment and recovery) with winches  the new CSV can lower objects of up to 350 tons to depths of up to 3 000 meters.Looking aheadLooking ahead  the order book stands at EUR 5.1 billion offering a solid foundation for the rest of this year and the period thereafter. Based on the fleet planning and works in portfolio  Boskalis’ full year EBITDA outlook is unchanged. Adjusted for exceptional items  the 2022 EBITDA is expected to approximate EUR 500 million. For 2022  the unchanged capital expenditures outlook is approximately EUR 450 million  including dry-dockings however excluding possible acquisitions.Furthermore  the financial position of Boskalis is very solid and improved in the course of the quarter to a net cash position of EUR 207 million  excluding lease liabilities. Looking at the opportunities in the market  Boskalis intends to further invest in sustainable growth in line with its strategic agenda.The public offer by HAL for all outstanding shares of Boskalis was concluded in September. HAL acquired more than 95% of all the shares during the (post) offer period which has resulted in a delisting of Boskalis. As of 9 November 2022  Boskalis is no longer listed on Euronext Amsterdam.FOR FURTHER INFORMATIONMartijn L.D. Schuttevâerpress@boskalis.comT +31 786969310Boskalis is a leading global services provider operating in the dredging  maritime infrastructure and maritime services sectors. The company provides creative and innovative all-round solutions to infrastructural challenges in the maritime  coastal and delta regions of the world. With core activities such as coastal defense  riverbank protection and land reclamation Boskalis is able to provide adaptive and mitigating solutions to combat the effects of climate change  such as extreme weather conditions and rising sea levels  as well as delivering solutions for the increasing need for space in coastal and delta regions across the world. The company facilitates the development of offshore energy infrastructure  including renewable wind energy. Boskalis is furthermore active in the construction and maintenance of ports  waterways  access channels and civil infrastructure  thus helping to facilitate trade flows and regional socio-economic development. In addition  Boskalis is a global marine salvage expert and has a strategic partnership in terminal services (Smit Lamnalco). With a versatile fleet of more than 500 vessels and floating equipment and approximately 10 000 employees  including associates  Boskalis is creating new horizons around the world.This press release can also be found on our website www.boskalis.com .Attachments,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.12,0.17,True,English,"['Boskalis business update', 'strong third quarter', 'key strategic themes', 'West African Coastal Areas Management', 'Fécamp offshore wind', '18 kilometer long tunnel trench', 'Finnish Project Management Association', 'multiple offshore wind projects', 'new Manila International Airport', 'strict international environmental', 'Solid balance sheet', 'net cash position', 'three activity clusters', 'huge sand body', '360-meter-long quay wall', 'six large caissons', 'rail travel time', 'largest container ships', '71 Gravity Base Structures', 'two million tons', 'extreme weather conditions', 'first half year', 'heavy transport vessel', 'longest submersed tunnel', 'rising sea levels', 'offshore energy sector', '150 million cubic meters', 'seabed preparation scope', 'riverbank protection activities', 'strong third quarter', 'third quarter utilization', 'existing access channel', 'coastal protection project', 'coastal defense', 'Finnish capital', 'new residential', 'Fehmarnbelt tunnel', 'Year Award', 'Vuosaari Channel', 'crane vessel', 'North Sea', 'good quarter', 'last quarter', 'past quarter', 'one third', 'Energy Transition', 'clean energy', 'new land', 'English Dutch', 'THIRD-QUARTER HIGHLIGHTS', 'Order book', 'operational viewpoint', 'quarterly average', 'operational standpoint', 'key divisions', 'Inland Infra', 'sustainable growth', 'numerous impressive', 'impactful projects', 'full swing', 'total volume', 'BOKA Vanguard', 'social standards', 'Central Europe', 'Danish end', 'office area', 'active communications', 'local community', 'Europa Terminal', 'renewable power', 'key projects', 'consortium partners', 'turbine foundations', 'scour protection', 'concrete foundations', 'sufficient electricity', 'domestic requirements', 'Subsea Services', 'specialist services', 'Middle East', 'significant amount', 'Climate Adaptation', 'a century', 'natural environment', 'climate change', 'Western Africa', 'WACA) program', 'Markermeer dikes', 'project scope', 'multi-year project', 'Busy quarter', 'economic development', 'Xidao development', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'quarterly revenue', 'world trade', 'significant reduction', 'CO2 emissions', '2022 installation campaign', 'remaining jackets', 'Innovative Infrastructure', 'work harbor', 'significant part', 'dredging vessels', '13 meters', '2022 Project', 'Papendrecht', '11 November', 'increase', 'earnings', 'Delisting', '9 November', 'Boskalis', 'financial', 'strategy', 'value', 'society', 'objective', 'execution', 'selection', 'pillar', 'Philippines', 'construction', '1,700 hectares', 'outskirts', 'fleet', 'use', 'Spain', 'line', 'Denmark', 'Scandinavia', 'Hamburg', 'Copenhagen', '4.5 hours', '2.5 hours', 'Finland', 'deepening', 'Helsinki', 'material', 'reclamation', 'Hernesaari', 'noteworthy', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'capacity', 'affordable', 'number', 'Taiwan', 'Changfang', 'Bokalift', 'pinpiles', 'France', 'GBS', 'addition', 'ballasting', '770,000 people', 'Survey', 'deployment', 'forces', 'nature', 'populations', 'consequences', 'contract', 'Togo', 'Benin', 'Netherlands']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13099,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2553972/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6783 £ 24.2765 Estimated MTD return -1.67 % -1.67 % Estimated YTD return -5.21 % -4.06 % Estimated ITD return 176.78 % 142.77 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.62 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7007 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.4847The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13100,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2553975/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6783 £ 24.2765 Estimated MTD return -1.67 % -1.67 % Estimated YTD return -5.21 % -4.06 % Estimated ITD return 176.78 % 142.77 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.62 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7007 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.4847The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13101,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554348/0/en/Global-Bioenergies-renews-equity-line-with-Kepler-Cheuvreux-to-support-industrial-deployment.html,Global Bioenergies renews equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux to support industrial deployment,Global Bioenergies renews equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux to support industrial deployment     Evry  11 November 2022     Global Bioenergies today......,French EnglishGlobal Bioenergies renews equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux to support industrial deploymentEvry  11 November 2022Global Bioenergies today announces the renewal of its equity line with Kepler Cheuvreux  a leading European financial services company acting as ISP1 as part of an underwriting agreement. This financing solution with Kepler Cheuvreux has already been a well-proven success for Global Bioenergies: the two-year contract signed in August 2020 raised €13.6 million and the valuation of Global Bioenergies doubled over the same period.This transaction aims to strengthen the Company’s financial structure. The funds raised will mainly go towards prefinancing the production of Isonaturane® 12 on the new “Horizon 2” line and performing engineering studies for the 2 000 tonne/year Horizon 3 plant  construction of which is to be financed via an SPV in 2023. This transaction was implemented in accordance with the 12th resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders of 18 June 2021.In accordance with the terms of the agreement  Kepler Cheuvreux has undertaken to subscribe  at its own initiative  to a maximum of 2 490 000 shares representing an issue amount of around €11 million2 over a maximum period of 24 months  provided that the contractual terms and conditions are met. The shares will be issued on the basis of an average volume-weighted share price over the two trading days preceding each issue  less a maximum discount of 5.0%. These conditions allow Kepler Cheuvreux  acting as financial intermediary  to guarantee the subscription of shares throughout the term of the agreement.Global Bioenergies retains the option to suspend or terminate the agreement at any time.If the facility is fully utilised  a shareholder holding 1.00% of Global Bioenergies’ share capital prior to the implementation of the new equity line would see his or her interest reduced to 0.86%3 of the share capital on a non-diluted basis.The number of shares issued under this agreement and admitted to trading will be communicated on a monthly basis on the Global Bioenergies website.This issue will not give rise to the preparation of a prospectus subject to the approval of the AMF.Samuel Dubruque  Chief Financial Officer of Global Bioenergies  said: “The Company has now embarked on commercial production and aims to produce by the end of 2023 three batches of several tonnes of Isonaturane® 12 each intended for major make-up companies. Meanwhile  an SPV is being created for the next plant  known as Horizon 3  which will be larger  integrated and capable of producing at costs compatible with the extensive skincare and haircare markets. During this bustling period  an equity line such as the one renewed today with our partner  Kepler Cheuvreux  will strengthen our available cash (€7.3 million at present) in a flexible and adaptable manner  and will round out the range of financing solutions required for our development.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESSamuel DubruqueCFOinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.com1 Investment Services Provider In France  Kepler Cheuvreux is approved and monitored by the French Prudential and Resolution Supervisory Authority (ACPR) and the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF).2 On the indicative basis of the weighted average share price over the last ten trading days  potential non-guaranteed amount3 Based on the 14 865 693 shares comprising the Company’s share capital at 31 October 2022Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Global Bioenergies', 'equity line', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'industrial deployment', 'leading European financial services company', 'average volume-weighted share price', 'last ten trading days', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '1 Investment Services Provider', 'average share price', 'Global Bioenergies’ share capital', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'two trading days', 'major make-up companies', 'natural make-up brand', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Resolution Supervisory Authority', 'major cosmetics companies', '2,000 tonne/year Horizon 3 plant', 'new “Horizon 2” line', 'new equity line', 'Global Bioenergies website', 'financial structure', 'financial intermediary', 'haircare markets', 'French English', 'French Prudential', '12th resolution', 'next plant', 'cosmetics industry', 'global warming', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'industrial deployment', 'financing solution', 'two-year contract', 'same period', 'engineering studies', 'General Meeting', 'Samuel Dubruque', 'three batches', 'several tonnes', 'extensive skincare', 'bustling period', 'available cash', 'adaptable manner', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'carbon footprint', 'long run', 'road sector', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'diluted basis', 'monthly basis', 'indicative basis', 'maximum period', 'maximum discount', 'contractual terms', 'commercial production', 'underwriting agreement', 'issue amount', 'LAST®', 'Evry', '11 November', 'renewal', 'ISP1', 'part', 'success', 'August', 'transaction', 'funds', 'Isonaturane®', 'construction', 'SPV', 'accordance', 'Shareholders', '18 June', 'initiative', '2,490,000 shares', '24 months', 'conditions', 'subscription', 'option', 'time', 'facility', 'implementation', 'interest', 'number', 'rise', 'preparation', 'prospectus', 'approval', 'AMF', 'end', 'costs', 'present', 'flexible', 'range', 'development', 'compounds', 'energy', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'ulysse', 'France', 'ACPR', '14,865,693 shares', '31 October', 'Attachment', '0.', '2023']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13102,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/11/2554131/0/en/Press-Release-Dupixent-dupilumab-recommended-for-EU-approval-by-the-CHMP-for-the-treatment-of-prurigo-nodularis.html,Press Release: Dupixent® (dupilumab) recommended for EU approval by the CHMP for the treatment of prurigo nodularis,Dupixent® (dupilumab) recommended for EU approval by the CHMP for the treatment of prurigo nodularis  Recommendation is based on data from two pivotal......,"English FrenchDupixent® (dupilumab) recommended for EU approval by the CHMP for the treatment of prurigo nodularisRecommendation is based on data from two pivotal trials showing Dupixent significantly improved itch  skin lesions and health-related quality of life in adults with prurigo nodularisIf approved  Dupixent would be the first and only targeted medicine specifically indicated for prurigo nodularis in the European UnionParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. November 11  2022. The European Medicines Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) has adopted a positive opinion  recommending the approval of Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union (EU) to treat adults with moderate-to-severe prurigo nodularis who are candidates for systemic therapy. The European Commission is expected to announce a final decision on the Dupixent application in the coming months. In September 2022  Dupixent was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of adult patients with prurigo nodularis.Prurigo nodularis is a chronic  debilitating skin disease with underlying type 2 inflammation and has one of the highest impacts on a patient’s quality of life among inflammatory skin diseases due to the extreme itch it causes. Those with prurigo nodularis experience intense  persistent itch with thick skin lesions (called nodules) that can cover most of the body. The disease is often painful – with burning  stinging and tingling of the skin – and can negatively affect mental health  activities of daily living and social interactions. High-potency topical steroids are commonly prescribed but are associated with safety risks if used long-term.The positive CHMP opinion is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials  PRIME and PRIME2  showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch (the primary endpoint) and skin lesions compared to placebo. Dupixent also significantly improved health-related quality of life while reducing measures of skin pain and symptoms of anxiety/depression. The safety results of the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved dermatology indication. Adverse events more commonly observed with Dupixent compared to placebo included conjunctivitis.The use of Dupixent in adults with moderate-to-severe prurigo nodularis is investigational in the EU and is not yet approved.About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  as well as investigational diseases prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) in the EU.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  prurigo nodularis  asthma  CRSwNP or EoE in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved across these indications in the U.S. and for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in the European Union and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri |+ 1 617 764 6418 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsHannah Kwagh | + 1 914 847 6315 | hannah.kwagh@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab); the impact of the opinion adopted by the European Medicines Agency's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use discussed in this press release on potential approval by the European Commission of Dupixent to treat adults with moderate-to-severe prurigo nodularis and the timing of any such approval; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritis of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoidand  other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.07,0.6,True,English,"['Press Release', 'EU approval', 'prurigo nodularis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'CHMP', 'treatment', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The European Medicines Agency', 'chronic, debilitating skin disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'The European Commission', 'High-potency topical steroids', 'different age populations', 'global collaboration agreement', 'other allergic processes', 'allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis', 'leading biotechnology company', 'nine FDA-approved treatments', 'chronic inducible urticaria-cold', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'two pivotal trials', 'significant clinical benefit', 'allergic fungal rhinosinusitis', 'U.S. Food', 'numerous product candidates', 'intense, persistent itch', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'various chronic diseases', 'foot atopic dermatitis', 'thick skin lesions', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'severe prurigo nodularis', 'positive CHMP opinion', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'positive opinion', 'chronic pruritus', '60 clinical trials', 'European Union', 'clinical investigation', 'life-transforming medicines', 'skin pain', 'skin diseases', 'English French', 'N.Y.', 'Medicinal Products', 'systemic therapy', 'final decision', 'coming months', 'Drug Administration', 'highest impacts', 'mental health', 'daily living', 'social interactions', 'primary endpoint', 'dermatology indication', 'Adverse events', 'IL-13) pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'nasal polyposis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'broad range', 'unknown origin', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'potential uses', 'regulatory authority', 'unique ability', 'morbid diseases', 'investigational diseases', 'serious diseases', 'Human Use', 'extreme itch', 'safety risks', 'safety results', 'safety profile', 'health-related quality', 'targeted medicine', 'pediatric EoE', 'adult patients', 'Dupixent application', 'EU approval', '500,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'Recommendation', 'data', 'adults', 'first', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'Committee', 'moderate-to', 'September', 'nodules', 'activities', 'PRIME', 'placebo', 'measures', 'symptoms', 'anxiety/depression', 'conjunctivitis', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Japan', 'More', 'Sanofi', 'Regeneron', 'part', 'addition', 'hand', 'evidence', 'efficacy', 'conditions', 'people', '35 years', 'physician-scientists', 'science', 'laboratories']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,globenewswire.com
13103,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2022/11/11/markets-finish-week-on-a-high-on-hopes-fed-will-tone-down-rate-hikes/,Markets finish week on a high on hopes Fed will tone down rate hikes,Banks take a beating in Dublin while blue-chip indices in London and New York go against rising trend,Traders participate in a moment of silence on Veterans' Day on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photograph: Spencer Platt/Getty ImagesGlobal stocks rose on Friday for a second day on hopes that signs of cooling inflation in the United States will mean less aggressive interest rate hikes from the Federal Reserve  an outlook that has the dollar facing its biggest two-day drop in almost 14 years.DublinIn Dublin  the Euronext All Share finished the day just 0.57 per cent ahead  held back by the performance of the financials  which finished 3.31 per cent down. All the banks finished in the red  with AIB the worst index performer  finishing 6.5 per cent weaker on €2.852. Bank of Ireland was off just over half a percentage point  as was Permanent TSB.Among the index heavyweights  Ryanair gave back some of its Thursday gains to close down 1.4 per cent  while Paddy Power parent Flutter was 0.2 per cent weaker.On the upside  it was a good day for the building materials sector  with Kingspan the best performer on the index as it jumped 7.5 per cent  while CRH was 1.44 per cent stronger. Cardboard manufacturer Smurfit Kappa also ended the week on a high  up 2.7 per cent on the day.READ MORELondonThe FTSE 100 started the day on a good footing but slipped into the red by the time the week drew to a close. It was down 0.78 per cent  or 57.3 points  to 7 318.04 points.The FTSE 250 index fared better  gaining as much as 1.8 per cent Friday to extend a weekly rise to 7.1 per cent  the most in two years  amid hopes that the data could mean softer rate rises ahead for the Federal Reserve. It pulled back slightly to close 1.23 per cent ahead.It comes as official figures showed the UK economy shrank by 0.2 per cent between July and September – meaning that if it sinks further this year  the nation will have entered a recession. Experts warn that it could be the longest recession in a century  lasting for two years.In company news  arts and crafts retailer The Works saw its shares slide despite posting stronger sales on the back of a cautious festive outlook. Its shares were down by 5.5 per cent.Housebuilder Redrow told shareholders that it was buying less land and that the value of private reservations was down on last year. Shares in Redrow fell by 0.38 per cent.EuropeEuropean markets got off to a strong start  building on Thursday’s US CPI-inspired gains  after China announced it was relaxing some of its Covid quarantine restrictions.Michael Hewson  chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK  said momentum started to tail off heading into the weekend but the pan-European Stoxx 600 ended fractionally ahead  which was enough to deliver an 11-week high and one of the stronger weekly performances of the year to date.Troubled German energy group Uniper was the outperformer of the day  bouncing 18 per cent on news that it was seeking buyers for an oil refinery in the United Arab Emirates to raise funds. Dutch tank storage firm Vopak was 15 per cent stronger as it upgraded its full-year outlook.The German Dax closed 0.56 per cent higher to mark its sixth weekly gain in a row  while the French Cac was up 0.58 per cent.New YorkIn the US  the top indices were far less spirited on Friday  after the S&P 500 surged past 4.5 per cent on Thursday. The S&P 500 traded little changed after climbing as much as 0.7 per cent earlier in the day. It was just 0.15 per cent up when European markets closed. In a broadly mixed market  the tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 outperformed  while the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.66 per cent  led lower by healthcare stocks.Meanwhile  cryptocurrencies resumed a sell-off amid FTX’s deepening woes. In the latest twist in the saga  Sam Bankman-Fried’s crypto empire filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in Delaware.MSCI’s all-country stock index rose 1.53 per cent  lifting it to its highest levels since mid-September  as the market repriced expectations for the Fed’s target rate to peak below 5 per cent  or about 20 basis points lower than recent highs. – Additional reporting: Reuters  PA,neutral,0.42,0.56,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.05,0.75,True,English,"['rate hikes', 'Markets', 'high', 'hopes', 'Fed', 'blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'Paddy Power parent Flutter', 'Dutch tank storage firm', 'aggressive interest rate hikes', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'biggest two-day drop', 'Euronext All Share', 'building materials sector', 'Covid quarantine restrictions', 'German energy group', 'country stock index', 'sixth weekly gain', 'The German Dax', 'cautious festive outlook', 'United Arab Emirates', 'stronger weekly performances', 'worst index performer', 'CMC Markets UK', 'chief market analyst', 'The S&P 500', 'The FTSE 250 index', 'US CPI-inspired gains', 'The FTSE 100', 'weekly rise', 'softer rate', 'target rate', 'The Works', 'United States', 'best performer', 'UK economy', 'stronger sales', 'full-year outlook', 'index heavyweights', 'European markets', 'Spencer Platt', 'Getty Images', 'Global stocks', 'cooling inflation', 'Federal Reserve', 'percentage point', 'Permanent TSB', 'Cardboard manufacturer', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'good footing', 'official figures', 'crafts retailer', 'private reservations', 'strong start', 'Michael Hewson', 'pan-European Stoxx', 'oil refinery', 'French Cac', 'top indices', 'healthcare stocks', 'deepening woes', 'latest twist', 'Sam Bankman-Fried', 'crypto empire', 'Chapter 11 bankruptcy', 'highest levels', 'recent highs', 'Additional reporting', 'Thursday gains', 'two years', '1.8 per cent', '7.1 per cent', '0.2 per cent', '0.38 per cent', '5 per cent', 'longest recession', 'company news', 'Housebuilder Redrow', 'less land', 'last year', ""Veterans' Day"", 'second day', 'good day', '4.5 per', '14 years', 'Traders', 'moment', 'silence', 'floor', 'Photograph', 'Friday', 'hopes', 'signs', 'dollar', 'Dublin', 'financials', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'half', 'Ryanair', 'upside', 'Kingspan', 'CRH', 'READ', 'London', 'time', 'close', '7,318.04 points', 'data', 'July', 'September', 'nation', 'Experts', 'century', 'arts', 'shares', 'slide', 'back', 'shareholders', 'value', 'China', 'weekend', 'date', 'Uniper', 'outperformer', 'buyers', 'funds', 'Vopak', 'cryptocurrencies', 'sell-off', 'FTX', 'saga', 'Delaware', 'MSCI', 'expectations', 'Reuters', '57.3', '5.5']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,irishtimes.com
13104,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4556492-intercontinental-exchange-great-quality-attractively-priced,Intercontinental Exchange Stock: Great Quality  Attractively Priced (ICE),Intercontinental Exchange is a fantastic business in a fantastic industry - a rare 'natural monopoly' whose returns are not regulated. Read more more on ICE stock.,"Spencer Platt/Getty Images NewsSince my previous article a couple of months ago  Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE) has made some  quite immaterial  gains: about 1% from capital gains and 0.5% from dividends. To be honest  I think 1.5% in two months  which annualizes to slightly over 9% a year  is pretty all right (you can tell I'm not a very aggressive investor). Its price now stands at $102.54. Is it still a buy?I believe ICE remains undervalued at the present  that it had a consistently excellent track record in the past  barring one odd blip which will be discussed later; and that its long-term future prospects are brilliant. In this article I explain why.Company profileICE operates three lines of businesses: Exchanges; Fixed Income and Data Services; and Mortgage Technologies. In the Exchanges segment  ICE operates a number of regulated marketplaces for trading and clearing financial instruments  such as shares and derivatives (think the New York Stock Exchange  which it owns). In the Fixed Income and Data Services  ICE provides services such as fixed income pricing  reference data  indices  and analytics. In the Mortgage Technologies segment  ICE uses machine learning algorithms to provide streamlined and simplified solutions for mortgage lenders  which allow them to originate loans more efficiently.They have minority stakes in subsidiary companies. Among them the point of interest is Bakkt  the black sheep of the family. I will touch on it briefly later.Their main competitors are other exchanges based in the US  such as Nasdaq (NDAQ) and the CME Group (CME). They also compete against exchanges worldwide  such as the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) and Deutsche Boerse (OTCPK:DBOEY)Some statistics at a glance  as of close of business on November. 10  2022:Share price: $102.54Market cap: $54.3 billionP/E ratio: 22.7Debt / EBITDA ratio: 3.8Operating margin: 39.3%Profit margin: 14.4%Upside caseIn this section I describe why I believe ICE shares are undervalued.DCF ValuationI use the discounted cash flow method to estimate a fair value for ICE  and I find that the fair value of an ICE share is around 42% above its current price. I consider DCF appropriate to use for the valuation because in the last 10 years ICE has been profitable every year  and has paid out dividends in every year.The DCF method gives the fair present value of a share as:V0 = D1 / (r - g)Calculating gI estimate g  the sustainable growth rate for ICE  as:g = RR x ROEMy review of sell-side analyst reports suggests that the median forward-looking return on equity (ROE) for ICE is slightly below 14.8%.On a trailing twelve months basis (for the avoidance of doubt  from Q3 2021 through to Q2 2022)  ICE has earnings per share of $4.51  and paid a dividend of $1.47. The retention ratio is calculated as retained earnings divided by earnings per share. In this case  I find that the retention ratio is 67.4%.This yields a sustainable dividend growth rate of 10.0%. I note that this is materially above the S&P 500's historical dividend CAGR of 6.5%  but it is materially below ICE's historical dividend CAGR (14.2%)  as well as its net profit CAGR (9.3%)--not only are exchanges profitable businesses  ICE is also nursing a number of promising ventures in the wings. Therefore  I consider 10.0% a reasonable estimate of ICE's dividend growth rate.Calculating D1ICE pays dividends quarterly. Therefore  I set D1 as the sum of the four dividend payments in the next twelve months  which will occur in Dec. 2022  and Mar.  Jun. and Sep. 2023.ICE has already declared a dividend of $1.52 for the year 2022. Of this amount  they will pay the remaining quarter in December. Therefore  I set $0.76 as first half of D1.I assume the dividend payments in 2023 will grow at the sustainable growth rate of 10.0%. Therefore  I set $0.418 as the quarterly payments for 2023. Quite nicely  it is also the median analyst forecast for ICE's dividend payment for the year.In this case  I set D1 as $1.64.Calculating rI estimate r  my required rate of return for ICE  as:r = RFR + beta * (TMR - RFR)Since the inception of the S&P 500 in 1957  it has provided investors with an annualized total return of 11.88%. I use the most recent Effective Fed Funds Rate for which data is available (as of November 2022) of 3.83% as the risk free rate. I note that ICE's 5-year monthly equity beta is around 0.90.Therefore  I calculate the required rate of return for ICE asr = 3.83% + 0.9 * (11.88% - 3.83%) = 11.1%.Calculating V0In this case  the estimated fair value of a share is $1.64 / (11.1% - 10.0%) = $145.75. This is 42% above its current price of $102.54 as of Nov. 10  2022: a substantial margin of safety.I show my work in Table 1 below.Table 1: DCF valuationEPS $ [a] Dividend in Year 0 $ [b] 1.47 Retention ratio % [c] = 1- [a]/[b] 67.4 ROE % [d] 14.8 Sustainable growth % [e] = [c]*[d] 10.0 Required rate of return % [f] 11.1 Dividend in Year 1 $ [g] 1.64 Fair value in Year 0 $ [h] = [g]/([f]-[e]) 145.75 Share price at valuation date $ [i] 102.54 Implied upside % [j] = [h] / [i] - 1 42 Click to enlargeEV/EBITDA ValuationAs a cross-check  I use the EV/EBITDA valuation method to estimate a fair value for ICE  and I find that the fair value of an ICE share is around 26% above its current price. I favor the DCF approach (when it is feasible) over the EV/EBITDA approach  as the method of finding suitable comparables is  in my view  neither exactly a science nor an art  but something close to black magic--highly subjective and sensitive to manipulation.Nevertheless  EV/EBITDA can be useful as a sense-check to the DCF approach. Let's take a look.I select five comparables for ICE: NASDAQ  CME  Cboe  the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) and Deutsche Boerse AG. In Table 2 below I note the values for their EVs  EBITDAs  and the corresponding ratios  as well as the average of their EV/EBITDA ratio of 16.9x. (Note that I cannot use Euronext  because it has negative EV.)Table 2: EV / EBITDA ratiosComparators EV EBITDA EV / EBITDA CME Group $ b 62.7 4.0 15.7 Cboe Global Markets $ b 14.7 0.6 23.6 NASDAQ $ b 36.7 1.9 19.7 London Stock Exchange $ b 59.2 4.4 13.5 Deutsche Börse $ b 40.4 2.6 15.5 Average 17.6 Click to enlargeI apply the average ratio of 17.6x to estimate the fair value of ICE's EV. I note that EV is the sum of market capitalization and total debt  less cash and cash equivalents. Therefore  I subtract  from my estimate of the fair value of ICE's EV  the total debt  and then add back cash and cash equivalents  to arrive at a fair estimate of ICE's market capitalization.In this case  the estimated fair value of a share is $129.35. This is 26% above its current price of $102.54 as of Nov. 10  2022  well below the value estimated from the DCF approach  but still a decent margin of safety.I show my calculations in Table 3 below.Table 3: EV / EBITDA valuationEBITDA $ b [a] 4.9 Fair value EV $ b [b] = [a] x 17.6 85.7 Total debt $ b [c] 18.4 Cash and cash equivalents $ b [d] 1.2 Fair value market cap $ b [e] = [b]-[c]+[d] 69 Actual market cap $ b [f] 54.3 Implied upside [g] = [e]/[f]-1 26.2% Share price at valuation date $ [h] 102.54 Implied fair value of share price $ [i] = [h]*(1+[g]) 129.35 Click to enlargeDownside caseIn this section  I discuss the downside case for ICE.Bakkt in perilIn my previous EV/EBITDA valuation approach  I estimated a $148.70 fair value for ICE using a 16.4x multiple. Why has the fair value dropped to $129.35 when I now use a higher  17.6x multiple?Clearly  EBITDA must have decreased. Specifically  whereas interest  tax  depreciation and amortization have not much changed  earnings that has  to be blunt  dived off a cliff.The reason for that has been mentioned in my previous article: Bakkt Rekt. I wrote:in their 2021 financial statement [ICE] noted  with smug self-satisfaction  that 'We recorded a pre-tax gain on the (Bakkt) transaction of $1.4 billion' (p. 105)... So what gives? Bakkt's share price  which plunged from a high of $42.56 to $2.56 as of Sep. 2  2022. How did ICE put it  also in their 2021 FS? ""We may not realize the expected benefits of our majority investment in Bakkt and the investment may introduce additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model."" (p. 20)Yes  the collapse of Bakkt's market value  and of the cryptocurrency market more generally  has materially and adversely affected ICE's earnings  which took a $1.1 billion impairment on the value of its holdings in Bakkt in Oct. 28. But  really  it's not so bad because it's (i) as expected; and (ii) perhaps even not quite as bad as expected: after all  they recorded a $1.4 billion gain from the transaction  so there is theoretically $0.3 billion still left over.To be clear  I believe Bakkt is a risky  and perhaps given the current economic climate a rather unwise  investment; and I believe it will probably continue to weigh down ICE's performance. But I also think the worst of it is likely over. The lion's share of Bakkt's market cap is already wiped out.The impact of the $1.1 billion impairment can be easily detected in ICE's financial performance over time. For example  ICE's revenue growth looks fine:Figure 1: Historical revenue growthI pro-rate 2022 revenue by multiplying revenues in the first three quarters by 4/3. (My analysis  based ICE financial statements)If anything  its latest quarterly report for Q3 2022 indicates that it experienced a year-on-year growth in revenue from Q3 2021  from $2.28 billion to $2.39 billion  which  considering the turbulent economic climate  is a great signal of its underlying business strength. (Similarly  its operating profits  which are unaffected by Bakkt  rose from $892 million to $932 million in the same period.)However  its profit margins dived sharply from 44% in 2021 to 14% in 2022. Worse  in Q3 2022 alone  it has negative profit margins of -7.3%. That's the first time it's registered a (quarterly) loss since it acquired NYSE in 2014.Figure 2: Historical marginsI use Q1-Q3 average margins for 2022  and end-of-year margins for all other years (My analysis  based on ICE financial statements)Inflation and interest rate risksGiven that inflationary forces are still likely to remain strong  the interest rate risks to ICE remain considerable. Ukraine and Russia continue to be at war  China sticks proudly to its frankly  in my opinion  insane policy of zero-Covid lockdowns  and the disappointing Republican performance in the midterms means the Democratic impulse to expansionary policies will likely remain unchecked.As a result  inflation remains well above the 2% Fed target and will stay there for some time. Likewise  the Fed is likely to keep increasing its funds rate  as long as inflation remains high.When interest rates are high  it is more attractive to keep money in a savings account  rather than use it for trading stocks and shares. Because of this  there may be lower trading activities  and hence lower sales  on ICE's platforms. Higher interest rates also make mortgages less attractive to potential homebuyers  which may reduce the demand for ICE's Mortgage Technology Services.Finally  if and when a recession strikes  the stock market rout is certain to affect trading activities on ICE adversely. But  fingers crossed  perhaps the world may yet avoid a recession  at least in the US.On the other hand  CPI inflation in October was 7.7%  and well below the 8.0% expected by economists. This may mark an inflection point in inflation: I believe the world is adjusting to the lockdown in China and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. If so  the inflationary shocks of these events will continue to decline. Then ICE may yet experience a resurgence in sales and profits as trading activities pick up again.This prospect remains highly uncertain  but that is where the profit opportunity comes in. Once it becomes certain  one way or another  the market will price it in. Keeping tabs on inflation and interest rate movements will be crucial for investors of ICE.ConclusionI rate ICE a buy because  given what we are certain of now  I believe the fair value of ICE shares is around 42% above the current market value of their shares. But I do not rate it a strong buy  because there remains substantial risks. If you are a long-term investor  I do not believe you will regret having ICE in your portfolio; and I believe $102.54 is an attractive price to buy more ICE shares.",positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.14,0.29,True,English,"['Intercontinental Exchange Stock', 'Great Quality', 'recent Effective Fed Funds Rate', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'trailing twelve months basis', 'London Stock Exchange Group', '5-year monthly equity beta', 'sustainable dividend growth rate', 'next twelve months', 'sustainable growth rate', 'Getty Images News', 'excellent track record', 'one odd blip', 'long-term future prospects', 'machine learning algorithms', 'cash flow method', 'sell-side analyst reports', 'median analyst forecast', 'risk free rate', 'historical dividend CAGR', 'net profit CAGR', 'The DCF method', 'median forward-looking return', 'annualized total return', 'fixed income pricing', 'four dividend payments', 'Mortgage Technologies segment', 'fair present value', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'two months', 'required rate', 'CME Group', 'Profit margin', 'fair value', 'mortgage lenders', 'Spencer Platt', 'aggressive investor', 'Company profile', 'three lines', 'financial instruments', 'simplified solutions', 'minority stakes', 'subsidiary companies', 'black sheep', 'main competitors', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'EBITDA ratio', 'Operating margin', 'DCF Valuation', 'last 10 years', 'retention ratio', 'S&P 500', 'promising ventures', 'reasonable estimate', 'remaining quarter', 'first half', 'quarterly payments', 'substantial margin', 'Exchanges segment', 'current price', 'reference data', 'previous article', 'capital gains', 'profitable businesses', 'Data Services', 'other exchanges', 'Upside case', 'Share price', 'Calculating D1', 'ICE shares', '11.1 Dividend', 'D1.', 'NYSE', 'immaterial', 'dividends', 'buy', 'past', 'number', 'regulated', 'marketplaces', 'trading', 'derivatives', 'indices', 'analytics', 'streamlined', 'loans', 'point', 'interest', 'Bakkt', 'family', 'Nasdaq', 'NDAQ', 'LSEG', 'DBOEY', 'statistics', 'glance', 'close', 'November', 'Debt', 'section', 'V0', 'ROE', 'review', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'Q3', 'Q2', 'earnings', 'wings', 'sum', 'Dec.', 'Mar.', 'Jun.', 'Sep.', 'amount', 'December', 'RFR', 'inception', 'investors', 'Nov.', 'safety', 'work', 'EPS', 'date', '14.', '0.0', '3.']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,seekingalpha.com
13105,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dupixent-dupilumab-recommended-for-eu-approval-by-the-chmp-for-the-treatment-of-prurigo-nodularis-301675500.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Recommended for EU Approval by the CHMP for the Treatment of Prurigo Nodularis,Recommendation is based on data from two pivotal trials showing Dupixent significantly improved itch  skin lesions and health-related quality of life in adults with prurigo nodularis If approved  Dupixent would be the first and only targeted medicine specific…,"Recommendation is based on data from two pivotal trials showing Dupixent significantly improved itch  skin lesions and health-related quality of life in adults with prurigo nodularisIf approved  Dupixent would be the first and only targeted medicine specifically indicated for prurigo nodularis in the European UnionTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  Nov. 11  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the European Medicines Agency's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) has adopted a positive opinion  recommending the approval of Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union (EU) to treat adults with moderate-to-severe prurigo nodularis who are candidates for systemic therapy. The European Commission is expected to announce a final decision on the Dupixent application in the coming months. In September 2022  Dupixent was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of adult patients with prurigo nodularis.Prurigo nodularis is a chronic  debilitating skin disease with underlying type 2 inflammation and has one of the highest impacts on a patient's quality of life among inflammatory skin diseases  due to the extreme itch it causes. Those with prurigo nodularis experience intense  persistent itch with thick skin lesions (called nodules) that can cover most of the body. The disease is often painful – with burning  stinging and tingling of the skin – and can negatively affect mental health  activities of daily living and social interactions. High-potency topical steroids are commonly prescribed but are associated with safety risks if used long-term.The positive CHMP opinion is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials  PRIME and PRIME2  showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch (the primary endpoint) and skin lesions compared to placebo. Dupixent also significantly improved health-related quality of life while reducing measures of skin pain and symptoms of anxiety/depression. The safety results of the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved dermatology indication. Adverse events more commonly observed with Dupixent compared to placebo included conjunctivitis.The use of Dupixent in adults with moderate-to-severe prurigo nodularis is investigational in the EU and is not yet approved.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  as well as investigational diseases prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) in the EU.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  prurigo nodularis  asthma  CRSwNP or EoE in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved across these indications in the U.S. and for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in the EU and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron's VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create approximately one in five of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Dupixent  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb™ (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a ""live vaccine"" right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby.A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:All e r g i c reactions. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. Eye problems. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. I n flammation of your blood vessels. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). Asthma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. C h r on i c Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyposis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It's an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it's recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN andNASDAQ: SNYRegeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (""Regeneron"" or the ""Company"")  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""believe "" ""seek "" ""estimate "" variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron's and its collaborators' ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron's ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Products"")  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Product Candidates"") and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab); the impact of the opinion adopted by the European Medicines Agency's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use discussed in this press release on potential approval by the European Commission of Dupixent to treat adults with moderate-to-severe prurigo nodularis and the timing of any such approval; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron's Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritis of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoidand  other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron's Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.SOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.1,0.63,True,English,"['EU Approval', 'Prurigo Nodularis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'CHMP', 'Treatment', 'fully human monoclonal antibodies', 'chronic, debilitating skin disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'The European Commission', 'High-potency topical steroids', 'different age populations', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Frederick W. Alt', 'global collaboration agreement', 'other allergic processes', 'European Medicines Agency', 'significant clinical benefit', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'related VelociSuite® technologies', 'two pivotal trials', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'U.S. Food', 'various chronic diseases', 'intense, persistent itch', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'thick skin lesions', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'severe prurigo nodularis', 'positive CHMP opinion', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'human antibodies', 'positive opinion', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', '60 clinical trials', 'European Union', 'multiple related', 'Dr. Yancopoulos', 'skin pain', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'skin diseases', 'Human Use', 'targeted medicine', 'N.Y.', 'Medicinal Products', 'systemic therapy', 'final decision', 'coming months', 'Drug Administration', 'highest impacts', 'mental health', 'daily living', 'social interactions', 'safety risks', 'primary endpoint', 'safety results', 'safety profile', 'dermatology indication', 'Adverse events', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'immune system', 'graduate student', 'broad range', 'pediatric Eo', 'morbid diseases', 'investigational diseases', 'extreme itch', 'health-related quality', 'mouse platform', 'adult patients', 'Dupixent application', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', '500,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'Recommendation', 'data', 'life', 'adults', 'first', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'Inc.', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'Committee', 'moderate-to', 'candidates', 'September', 'treatment', 'nodules', 'activities', 'PRIME', 'placebo', 'measures', 'symptoms', 'anxiety/depression', 'conjunctivitis', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'EoE', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Japan', 'More', 'optimized', 'Founder', 'President', 'mentor', 'decades', 'team', 'REGEN-COV®', 'casirivimab', 'imdevimab', 'Libtayo®', 'Praluent', 'alirocumab', 'Kevzara', 'sarilumab', 'Evkeeza®', 'Inmazeb™', 'atoltivimab', 'maftivimab', 'odesivimab-ebgn', 'part', 'addition']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,prnewswire.com
13106,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-180000647.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Negma Group has converted 130 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 325 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.,Oxurion NVNegma Group has converted 130 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 325 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 11  2022 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 16 250 000 new ordinary shares on November 7  2022  for a total amount of EUR 325 000  as the result of the conversion of 130 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 109 075 765 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 92 825 765 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 72 981 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 109 075 765 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 109 075 765 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 719 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 719 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);1 007 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 007 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);550 000 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 550 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);725 749 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 725 749 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);810 convertible bonds issued on September 5  2022  and 21 October 2022  entitling their holder (Negma Group) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group on August 26  2021  and the addendum thereto dated September 2  2022; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021 and Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.22,0.48,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1', '130 class B convertible bonds', 'eye drug candidate', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'EUR 325,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '109,075,765 outstanding ordinary shares', '92,825,765 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', '16,250,000 new ordinary shares', 'Share capital', '130 convertible bonds', '810 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'regulated market', 'new information', 'Negma Group', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'voting rights', '719,500 subscription rights', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'total number', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'various risks', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'back', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'denominator', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', '21 October', 'terms', 'August', 'addendum', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', '07.00']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,nz.finance.yahoo.com
13107,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/eu-wheat-steadies-on-u.s.-gains-and-ukraine-shipping-talks,EU wheat steadies on U.S. gains and Ukraine shipping talks,European wheat futures were little changed on Friday  having hit seven-week lows hit on Thursday  underpinned by strength in U.S. futures and wider commodity markets. Dealers awaited news about between the United Nations and Russia on an extension to the agreement on a shipping corridor for Ukraine’s grain exports.,"Adds closing prices  German premiumsHAMBURG  Nov 11 (Reuters) - European wheat futures were little changed on Friday  having hit seven-week lows hit on Thursday  underpinned by strength in U.S. futures and wider commodity markets.Dealers awaited news about between the United Nations and Russia on an extension to the agreement on a shipping corridor for Ukraine’s grain exports.December milling wheat BL2Z2 on the Paris-based Euronext unofficially closed down 0.25 euros  or 0.08%  at 327.00 euros ($337.99) a tonne.A public holiday in France meant some market participants were absent.Chicago wheat rose on Friday  supported by strong commodities and equities markets and a weaker dollar  plus hopes that China's easing of COVID-19 restrictions could boost demand.“Outside of the Black Sea  one of the main factors influencing price is the dollar weakness which is strengthening commodities ” said Rabobank commodities analyst Paul Joules.“But we are seeing Euronext wheat trading in a range today  in part because the market is awaiting the result of discussions regarding the grain export corridor extension.""In Germany  attention was on a large tender from Saudi Arabia for 595 000 tonnes of wheat.“EU wheat will face very hard competition from Russian wheat in the Saudi tender ” one trader said. “Russian wheat is being offered at very cheap prices in export markets  with the country having a large crop to dispose of. This was seen in the purchase by Egypt late on Thursday.”Forecasts of a reduced wheat crop in Argentina could lessen competition for EU wheat  including in African markets.Premiums in German ports remained supported by shipment of previous export sales and a lack of farmer selling.Sellers of standard 12% protein wheat for November delivery in Hamburg were seeking a premium of about 12 euros over Euronext December  with buying interest around 10 euros over.(Reporting by Michael Hogan Editing by David Goodman and Louise Heavens)((michael.j.hogan@thomsonreuters.com; +49 172 671 36 54; Reuters Messaging: michael.hogan.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.13,0.71,True,English,"['EU wheat steadies', 'U.S. gains', 'Ukraine shipping talks', 'December milling wheat BL2Z2', 'grain export corridor extension', 'U.S. futures', 'previous export sales', 'European wheat futures', 'standard 12% protein wheat', 'wider commodity markets', 'Rabobank commodities analyst', 'reduced wheat crop', 'Euronext wheat trading', 'Euronext December', 'export markets', 'shipping corridor', 'grain exports', 'large crop', 'Chicago wheat', 'EU wheat', 'Russian wheat', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'equities markets', 'African markets', 'closing prices', 'seven-week lows', 'United Nations', 'public holiday', 'strong commodities', 'weaker dollar', 'COVID-19 restrictions', 'Black Sea', 'main factors', 'dollar weakness', 'Paul Joules', 'large tender', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Saudi tender', 'one trader', 'cheap prices', 'German ports', 'farmer selling', 'November delivery', 'David Goodman', 'German premiums', 'market participants', 'hard competition', 'Michael Hogan', 'Reuters Messaging', 'HAMBURG', 'Friday', 'Thursday', 'strength', 'Dealers', 'news', 'agreement', 'Ukraine', '0.25 euros', '327.00 euros', 'France', 'hopes', 'China', 'easing', 'demand', 'range', 'result', 'discussions', 'Germany', 'attention', '595,000 tonnes', 'country', 'purchase', 'Egypt', 'Forecasts', 'Argentina', 'shipment', 'Sellers', '12 euros', 'interest', '10 euros', 'Louise', 'Heavens', 'thomsonreuters', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,nasdaq.com
13108,EuroNext,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4556426-euronext-higher-synergies-expected,Euronext Stock: Higher Synergies Expected (OTCMKTS:EUXTF),Euronext is deleveraging and increasing its non-volume related turnover and has a solid and diversified business model. Read our analysis of the stock here.,"da-kukHere at the Lab  we have a long-standing buy rating on Euronext (OTCPK:EUXTF). Despite the fact that our thesis is not (yet) realized due to 1) lower volumes in equity markets and government bond trading  2) market share loss  and 3) no significant update on synergies  we still believe that the company offers an interesting upside. Aside from our buy case recap  we believe that IPO simplification and new regulation will simplify the process and speed up future companies listing. This will translate into a higher revenue line  in addition  looking at the latest results  the company is diversifying its revenue line (and increasing its non-volume related turnover - fig. 1) and deleveraging (fig 2). We are not forecasting new acquisitions and this will help Euronext to lower its cost of debt and improve its credit rating.Euronext sales diversificationFig. 1Euronext debt developmentSource: Euronext Q3 results presentation (Fig. 2)Q3 resultsSpeaking of numbers  the equity trading slowdown linked to market turbulence had an impact on Euronext's business; however  as already mentioned  this was partially offset thanks to non-volume-related activities  which are now accounting for 59% of the company's total turnover. In detail  the company achieved top-line sales of €301.4 million in Q3  signing a minus 14% on a yearly basis. Non-volume revenues recorded robust performance in particular in advanced data services  listing  post-trade  and technology  including the full first quarter of the new Datacenter contribution; excellent performances were also achieved in the trading activities not related to equity markets  with derivatives on FX and commodities  which recorded double-digit growth. Going down to the P&L analysis  operating cost (excluding D&A and write-off) reached €150.4 million in line with management guidance  and adjusted EBITDA decreased by 4.4% to €199.9 million with a margin of 57.1%. Despite lower results  Euronext once again has shown the solidity of the company's ""diversified business model in an increasingly challenging trading context"" and the ability to ""navigate the macro-economic challenges of 2022"". Adjusted net profit decreased 5.5% to €129.5 million  while adjusted EPS fell 3.2% to €1.21.Euronext financial in a snapSource: Euronext Q3 results presentationAfter having carried out the migration to the new data center and achieving a cumulative annual run-rate synergy of €24.4 million  Euronext confirmed:Borsa Italiana migration to Optiq by March 2023; Cost savings target based on last year's plan called ""Growth for Impact 2024""; Integration of one-off costs for a total consideration of €37.9 million; A new expansion plan for its European clearing house.After Euronext’s Q3 accounts  we decide to make minor adjustments to our forecast number and raise our EPS by 1.5% in the 2023/2024 period. According to our calculation  2023 cost savings are estimated to be around €60 million to reach €100 million in cumulative savings by 2024.Conclusion and ValuationEuronext is currently trading at a 13x EV/EBITDA level and a 16x price-earnings ratio in our forecasted number in 2023  with a significant discount (more than 20%) compared to Deutsche Börse and the London Stock Exchange. Following the half-year results  we lowered our target price to €98 per share; however  we continue to overweight Euronext and see no justification for such a discount. Positive catalysts to our target price are: earning upgrades  higher synergies  more business diversification  and higher volumes on monthly trading data.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.13,0.44,True,English,"['Euronext Stock', 'Higher Synergies', 'cumulative annual run-rate synergy', 'Euronext Q3 results presentation', 'Euronext debt development Source', 'buy case recap', 'advanced data services', 'full first quarter', 'P&L analysis', 'European clearing house', '13x EV/EBITDA level', '16x price-earnings ratio', 'Deutsche Börse', 'London Stock Exchange', 'government bond trading', 'challenging trading context', 'monthly trading data', 'new Datacenter contribution', 'new data center', 'standing buy rating', 'volume related turnover', 'equity trading slowdown', 'diversified business model', 'Borsa Italiana migration', 'new expansion plan', 'market share loss', 'Euronext sales diversification', 'higher revenue line', 'Cost savings target', 'cumulative savings', 'snap Source', 'Q3 accounts', 'trading activities', 'latest results', 'lower results', 'half-year results', 'new regulation', 'new acquisitions', 'credit rating', 'market turbulence', 'total turnover', 'top-line sales', 'business diversification', 'equity markets', '2023 cost savings', 'target price', 'higher volumes', 'lower volumes', 'significant update', 'interesting upside', 'IPO simplification', 'future companies', 'volume-related activities', 'yearly basis', 'Non-volume revenues', 'robust performance', 'excellent performances', 'double-digit growth', 'operating cost', 'D&A', 'management guidance', 'macro-economic challenges', 'net profit', 'last year', 'one-off costs', 'total consideration', 'minor adjustments', '2023/2024 period', 'Positive catalysts', 'Euronext financial', 'higher synergies', 'forecast number', 'significant discount', 'kuk', 'Lab', 'long', 'fact', 'thesis', 'company', 'process', 'addition', 'fig', 'numbers', 'impact', 'detail', 'listing', 'post-trade', 'technology', 'derivatives', 'FX', 'commodities', 'write-off', 'margin', 'solidity', 'ability', 'EPS', 'Optiq', 'March', 'Integration', 'calculation', 'Conclusion', 'Valuation', 'justification', 'upgrades']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,seekingalpha.com
13109,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teleperformance-se-regulated-information-085000996.html,Teleperformance SE: Regulated Information,PARIS  November 11  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance SE (Paris:TEP) announced that it has entrusted BNP Paris Exane with a share buyback mandate in the context of the share buyback program announced on November 10  2022. The ...,"PARIS  November 11  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance SE (Paris:TEP) announced that it has entrusted BNP Paris Exane with a share buyback mandate in the context of the share buyback program announced on November 10  2022. The agreement is concluded in accordance with the terms of the share buyback program approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 14  2022 and the provisions of Article 5 of European Regulation n°596/2014.The description of the share buyback program is included in the Universal Registration Document for 2021 filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on February 28  2022 (no. D22-0059).About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Story continuesFor more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221111005172/en/ContactsTeleperformance SE",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Teleperformance SE', 'Regulated Information', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'des marchés financiers', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'related digital services', 'share buyback mandate', 'share buyback program', 'Universal Registration Document', 'citizen experience management', 'deferred settlement service', 'successful customer interaction', 'optimized business processes', 'Euronext Paris market', 'BNP Paris Exane', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'global leader', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'outsourced customer', 'Regulatory News', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'European Regulation', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'source version', 'Teleperformance SE', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Teleperformance shares', 'TEP FP', 'context', 'November', 'agreement', 'accordance', 'terms', 'April', 'provisions', 'Article', 'description', 'February', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', '420,000 employees', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'Simpler', 'Faster', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'CAC', 'area', 'Story', 'information', 'Twitter', 'View', 'businesswire', 'Contacts']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,finance.yahoo.com
13110,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105166100/Celyad-Oncology-Announces-Third-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results-And-Recent-Business-Highlights,Celyad Oncology Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results And Recent Business Highlights,Company continues to transition business focus to monetizing unique cell therapy intellectual property and prioritizing R&D discovery <,Company continues to transition business focus to monetizing unique cell therapy intellectual property and prioritizing R&D discovery Clinical updates expected by end of year for the Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial for lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate  CYAD-211  for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM)MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Nov. 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the“Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer  today provided an update on its financial results and recent business developments for the fiscal quarter ended September 30  2022.“This past quarter has been a pivotal moment for the Company as we focus on a new Celyad 2.0 strategy as we seek to monetize our valuable IP estate and leverage our dynamic shRNA technology for our R&D programs. We've bolstered our cash runway with an asset purchase agreement for our manufacturing business unit and we believe we are well-positioned to unleash the power of our IP estate and potentially redefine the cell therapy space ” said Michel Lussier  interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company.Recent HighlightsThe Company entered into a €6 million asset purchase agreement with Cellistic whereby Cellistic acquired Celyad Oncology's Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facility Based on a strategic  financial and medical review  taking into account the costs associated with the pursuit of the program and the delays to reach key medical milestones following the resolution of the previously announced clinical hold  the Company has decided to discontinue the development of CYAD-101Update on Business Model and Research ProgramsAs previously announced  with Celyad 2.0  Celyad Oncology is implementing a strategic shift from an organization focused on clinical development to one prioritizing R&D discovery and the monetization of its IP estate through partnerships  collaborations and license agreements. The Company intends to focus its R&D efforts on areas of expertise where it believes it can leverage the differentiated nature of its platform technology and continue to bolster its IP estate.The Company possesses key technology and controls IP which covers the potential development of next-generation therapies  including those using short hairpin RNA (shRNA) and T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule (TIM). Celyad Oncology has expanded the IP estate in-licensed from Dartmouth College with additional patents to broadly cover aspects of allogeneic cell therapy. Current discovery programs have the potential to create additional independent IP. The Company is developing a potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate and a technology to potentially utilize this receptor as a basis for dual CAR technology. The Company is also considering the potential to focus R&D efforts on either B7-H6 CAR T or bispecific antibody candidates for a powerful new antigenic target in the oncology field.In addition  the Company is seeking to advance its shRNA platform through multiplexing technology that allows it to modulate multiple genes simultaneously. This technology is potentially complementary to the Company's All-in-One Vector approach  which allows for the expression of multiple shRNAs in a single construct within a single transduction step. Combining multiplexed shRNAs with CARs and additional genes of choice provides potential for broad therapeutic functionality.Update on Clinical ProgramsCYAD-211 – Allogeneic shRNA-based  anti-BCMA CAR T candidate for r/r MMThe dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial is evaluating the tolerability and clinical activity of a single infusion of CYAD-211 following preconditioning with CyFlu (cyclophosphamide and fludarabine) in patients with relapsed / refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM).CYAD-211 was developed to demonstrate potential proof of concept of shRNA technology in the clinic. Our other clinical studies of shRNA disclosed to date have demonstrated encouraging safety and bioactivity signals  and its use as a technology to avoid Graft-versus-Host disease of allogeneic CAR Ts could be a viable approach Clinical updates are expected by year endThird Quarter 2022 Financial ReviewAs of September 30  2022  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €13.4 million ($13.1 million). Net cash burn during the first quarter of 2022 amounted to €1.0 million ($1.0 million)  in line with expectations. The Company confirms its previous guidance that its existing cash and cash equivalents should be sufficient to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements up to mid-2023. This guidance does not include any potential proceeds from the equity purchase agreement established with Lincoln Park Capital Fund  LLC.After due consideration of detailed budgets and estimated cash flow forecasts for the years 2022 and 2023 which reflect the current strategy of the Company and include expenses and cash outflows estimations in relation to the development of discretionary research programs and pipeline of products candidates  the Company continues to project that its existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to fund its estimated operating and capital expenditures over at least the next 12 months from the date that the release is issued.A bout Celyad Oncology SACelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the research and discovery of chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapies for cancer. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit .Forward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company's updated strategic business model  including associated costs  cost savings and timing  statements concerning CYAD-211  including its therapeutic potential and the timing of clinical data  and statements concerning the financial position and cash burn of the Company  including the financial guidance concerning the sufficiency of cash to fund operations into mid-2023. The words“will ”“expect ”“believe ”“potential ”“continue ”“target” “intend” “could” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern; the Company's ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company's ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; risks related to the Company's ability to execute on its plans regarding its clinical programs; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology's actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Investor and Media Contact:Celyad OncologyTags Related Links,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Recent Business Highlights', 'Celyad Oncology', 'potential next-generation NKG2D Type I receptor CAR T candidate', 'lead shRNA-based allogeneic CAR T candidate', 'Allogeneic shRNA-based, anti-BCMA CAR T candidate', 'GMP) grade cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'chimeric antigen receptor T cell', 'T cell receptor Inhibitor Molecule', 'unique cell therapy intellectual property', 'Phase 1 dose-escalation IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'interim Chief Executive Officer', 'dose-escalation Phase 1 IMMUNICY-1 trial', 'R&D discovery Clinical updates', 'powerful new antigenic target', 'Lincoln Park Capital Fund', '€6 million asset purchase agreement', 'allogeneic cell therapy', 'B7-H6 CAR T', 'CAR T) therapies', 'allogeneic CAR Ts', 'Third Quarter 2022 Financial Review', 'cell therapy space', 'Good Manufacturing Practice', 'R&D efforts', 'equity purchase agreement', 'dual CAR technology', 'manufacturing business unit', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'R&D programs', 'short hairpin RNA', 'bispecific antibody candidates', 'broad therapeutic functionality', 'other clinical studies', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'single transduction step', 'Net cash burn', 'cash flow forecasts', 'cash outflows estimations', 'new Celyad 2.0 strategy', 'recent business developments', 'key medical milestones', 'next-generation therapies', 'Current discovery programs', 'One Vector approach', 'additional independent IP', 'Celyad Oncology SA', 'valuable IP estate', 'dynamic shRNA technology', 'medical review', 'Clinical Programs', 'current strategy', 'financial results', 'strategic, financial', 'clinical hold', 'clinical activity', 'potential proof', 'potential proceeds', 'business focus', 'fiscal quarter', 'past quarter', 'Recent Highlights', 'Business Model', 'Research Programs', 'multiple genes', 'multiple shRNAs', 'viable approach', 'first quarter', 'key technology', 'additional patents', 'single construct', 'additional genes', 'single infusion', 'cash runway', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'oncology field', 'clinical development', 'potential development', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'pivotal moment', 'Michel Lussier', 'strategic shift', 'license agreements', 'differentiated nature', 'Dartmouth College', 'multiplexed shRNAs', 'encouraging safety', 'bioactivity signals', 'Graft-versus-Host disease', 'due consideration', 'detailed budgets', 'platform technology', 'multiplexing technology', 'shRNA platform', 'previous guidance', 'operating expenses', 'biotechnology company', 'The Company', 'year end', 'relapsed', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'CYAD', 'cancer', 'Cellistic', 'account', 'costs', 'pursuit', 'delays', 'resolution', 'organization', 'monetization', 'partnerships', 'collaborations', 'areas', 'expertise', 'aspects', 'basis', 'expression', 'CARs', 'choice', 'tolerability', 'preconditioning', 'CyFlu', 'cyclophosphamide', 'fludarabine', 'patients', 'concept', 'use', 'September', 'line', 'expectations', 'years']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,menafn.com
13111,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Crude Oil: +56 13%CAC 40: +22 56%Euronext 100: +19 87%Hang Seng: -40 50%/past 5 years,nan,Crude Oil: +56 13%CAC 40: +22 56%Euronext 100: +19 87%Hang Seng: -40 50%/past 5 years,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Crude Oil', 'Hang Seng', 'CAC', 'Euronext', 'Crude Oil', 'Hang Seng', 'CAC', 'Euronext']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13112,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Stock: Higher Synergies Expected (OTCMKTS:EUXTF) https://t.co/ILGJyfbgOP,nan,Euronext Stock: Higher Synergies Expected (OTCMKTS:EUXTF) https://t.co/ILGJyfbgOP,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Stock', 'Higher Synergies', 'ILGJyfbgOP', 'Euronext Stock', 'Higher Synergies', 'ILGJyfbgOP']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13113,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF - Euronext: Higher Synergies Expected. https://t.co/3ZDqcRXPIO #stockmarket #stocks #business,nan,$EUXTF - Euronext: Higher Synergies Expected. https://t.co/3ZDqcRXPIO #stockmarket #stocks #business,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.0,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.0,True,English,"['Higher Synergies', 'Euronext', 'ZDqcRXPIO', 'stockmarket', 'stocks', 'business', 'Higher Synergies', 'Euronext', 'ZDqcRXPIO', 'stockmarket', 'stocks', 'business']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13114,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Ampere: envisaged IPO on Euronext Paris earliest H2 2023 (subject to market conditions) with Renault Group keeping… https://t.co/VxYo3mPcWC,nan,Ampere: envisaged IPO on Euronext Paris earliest H2 2023 (subject to market conditions) with Renault Group keeping… https://t.co/VxYo3mPcWC,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', 'market conditions', 'Renault Group', 'Ampere', 'IPO', 'H2', 'VxYo3mPcWC', 'Euronext Paris', 'market conditions', 'Renault Group', 'Ampere', 'IPO', 'H2', 'VxYo3mPcWC']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13115,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 589 58 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wmJuAb https://t.co/e9rwy8yvoc,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 589 58 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wmJuAb https://t.co/e9rwy8yvoc,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13116,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Mercati  FAE Technology debutta all’Euronext Growth Milan https://t.co/nRWBzN3V8p,nan,Mercati  FAE Technology debutta all’Euronext Growth Milan https://t.co/nRWBzN3V8p,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Milan', 'FAE Technology', 'Mercati', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'FAE Technology', 'Mercati']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13117,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Nicox - Revising NCX-470 forecasts after Mont Blanc. $COX #Euronext @euronext #pharma #biotech Read the update: https://t.co/e4CKiTDlPH,nan,Nicox - Revising NCX-470 forecasts after Mont Blanc. $COX #Euronext @euronext #pharma #biotech Read the update: https://t.co/e4CKiTDlPH,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['NCX-470 forecasts', 'Mont Blanc', 'Nicox', '$COX', 'Euronext', 'pharma', 'biotech', 'update', 'NCX-470 forecasts', 'Mont Blanc', 'Nicox', '$COX', 'Euronext', 'pharma', 'biotech', 'update']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13118,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,FAE Technology S.p.A. Lists On Euronext Growth Milan https://t.co/ELEqSPK3yk https://t.co/9cgez0NztL,nan,FAE Technology S.p.A. Lists On Euronext Growth Milan https://t.co/ELEqSPK3yk https://t.co/9cgez0NztL,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FAE Technology S.', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'A. Lists', 'ELEqSPK3yk', 'FAE Technology S.', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'A. Lists', 'ELEqSPK3yk']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
13119,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Yesterday  Firebrand also participated in the @euronext_nl closing bell ceremony with some of the folks at… https://t.co/IeZn3BgcT9,nan,Yesterday  Firebrand also participated in the @euronext_nl closing bell ceremony with some of the folks at… https://t.co/IeZn3BgcT9,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Firebrand', 'folks', 'IeZn3BgcT9', 'Firebrand', 'folks', 'IeZn3BgcT9']",2022-11-11,2022-11-11,Unknown
