UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11225,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Buyouts group is seeking IPO on Euronext exchange,nan,Buyouts group is seeking IPO on Euronext exchange,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Buyouts group', 'Euronext exchange', 'IPO', 'Buyouts group', 'Euronext exchange', 'IPO']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
11411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,nan,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12448,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SPOTIFY PLAYLIST SUBMISSION 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to… https://t.co/p5O1jyT78w,nan,SPOTIFY PLAYLIST SUBMISSION 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to… https://t.co/p5O1jyT78w,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['PLAYLIST SUBMISSION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts', 'PLAYLIST SUBMISSION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts']",2022-11-01,2022-11-04,Unknown
12449,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SUBMIT MUSIC 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigg… https://t.co/HbblaAkcYM,nan,SUBMIT MUSIC 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigg… https://t.co/HbblaAkcYM,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['SUBMIT MUSIC', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts', 'HbblaAkcYM', 'SUBMIT MUSIC', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts', 'HbblaAkcYM']",2022-11-01,2022-11-04,Unknown
12450,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigger slice of multi-trillion euro derivati… https://t.co/oXjJDftm9l,nan,Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigger slice of multi-trillion euro derivati… https://t.co/oXjJDftm9l,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['multi-trillion euro derivati', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'bigger slice', 'efforts', 'multi-trillion euro derivati', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'bigger slice', 'efforts']",2022-11-01,2022-11-04,Unknown
12529,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-savosolar-144500728.html,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Savosolar Plc Company Release 3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET) Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc Notice is given to the...,Savosolar OyjSavosolar PlcCompany Release 3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET)Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Friday  25 November 2022 at 10:00 (EET) at Scandic Simonkenttä at the address Simonkatu 9  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9:30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Resolutions required for acquisition of all the shares in Meriaura LtdIn accordance with the company release published on 29 August 2022  Savosolar Plc (the ”Company”) plans to acquire all the shares in Meriaura Ltd through a share exchange where shares of the Company are used as consideration (the “Share Exchange”). Further information on the Share Exchange is available in the company releases published by the Company on 29 August 2022 and on 3 November 2022. In addition  the Board of Directors of the Company has obtained a fairness opinion from Access Partners Ltd in order to support decision making of the shareholders  which is presented as an appendix of the notice.In accordance with the company release of the Company published on 29 August 2022  after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares rises to approximately 792 997 410 shares and there are approximately 555 098 187 shares directed to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. These amounts have been calculated based on the assumption that the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9) are used for subscription of shares in full. As this did not happen  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement will be 782 723 687 and there are 547 906 581 shares directed to VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. As a result of the change in the number of shares  the subscription price per share published on 29 August 2022 will increase from approximately EUR 0.05404 to approximately EUR 0.05475. The change does not affect the implied values of the companies used in the transaction or the exchange ratio previously published by the Company.Story continuesAs part of the share exchange agreement  VG-Shipping Ltd has given a EUR 1 000 000 guarantee for the subscription of shares not subscribed based on warrants 2-2021 (TO9) with the same subscription price as the shares subscribed based on the warrants. This will be carried out as a separate directed offering to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it where maximum of 17 857 142 Company’s new shares are offered for subscription with subscription price of EUR 0 056 per share.As a precondition for execution of the Share Exchange  all subsections (a)-(c) of this Section 6 need to be approved. The subsections form a whole and the Board of Directors proposes that they are resolved with a single resolution.a) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping LtdThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue of Company’s new shares against consideration in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The directed share issue relates to the share exchange where the Company acquires all the shares in Meriaura Ltd. Meriaura Ltd in turn owns all the shares in Biolaite Ltd (name change to VG-EcoFuel Ltd pending). Therefore  there is a weighty financial reason for the Company to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act.The shares are offered for subscription to VG-Shipping Ltd. in accordance with the share exchange agreement between the Company and Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd. The subscription price is paid by means of contribution in kind  which comprises all the shares in Meriaura Ltd.Based on the authorization  the Board of Directors may issue in the directed share issue a maximum of 547 906 581 new shares of the Company to VG-Shipping Ltd. The new shares to be issued represent approximately 70.0 per cent of the Company’s all shares after execution of the Share Exchange.The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on final execution of the share issue as well as within the limits of the Limited Liability Companies Act on all other matters and conditions relating to issuance of shares as well as rights relating to shares.The authorization is proposed to be in force until 31 December 2022. The authorization does not cancel previous authorizations to resolve on the issuance of shares or the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.b) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  options and other special rightsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more transactions  on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 295 000 000 shares  including the directed share issue of maximum of 17 857 142 new shares to be directed to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it in relation to the subscription guarantee given by VG-Shipping Ltd for the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9).The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue)  if there is a weighty financial reason for the company.Shares may be conveyed either against payment or free of charge in the company’s share issues. A directed share issue may be a share issue without payment only if there is an especially weighty reason for the same both for the company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the company.The authorization is valid until 30 June 2024  and it replaces the authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 1 October 2021.c) Execution of the Share ExchangeThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Share Exchange is accepted by the resolution of this General Meeting and the Board of Directors is authorized to take other necessary measures required for execution of the Share Exchange and to confirm execution after the necessary conditions precedent (inter alia approval of Nasdaq Stockholm AB) have been fulfilled.7. Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the following amendments be made to the Company's Articles of Association:Section 2 of the Articles of Association (Line of business) is amended to read as follows:2 § Line of businessThe company's line of business is to conduct business related to maritime logistics as well as solar and other renewable energy. The company may have investment activities. The company can operate directly or through its subsidiaries or associated companies.The Board of Directors proposes that the decisions in accordance with this Section 7 be notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.8. Remuneration of the Board membersSavosolar Plc's Annual General Meeting decided on 26 April 2022 that the members of the Board of Directors be paid the following remuneration for the term that begun at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chair of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company’s new shares based on the authorization granted to the Board of Directors and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration will be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company’s share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2022 will be used as the value of share. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has ended.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the Board remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 2022 remain unchanged  however  in such a way that the Board members leaving the Board have the right to 7/12 of the Board remuneration decided and the newly elected Board members to 5/12 of the Board remuneration decided. Accordingly  the current Chair of the Board is entitled to 7/12 of the decided remuneration of the Chair of the Board and 5/12 of the remuneration of the other Board members  and the newly elected Chair of the Board is entitled to 5/12 of the remuneration of the Chair of the Board.9. The number of Board members and electing membersThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that six (6) members are elected to the Board.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the composition of the Board be changed so that the Company's Board members Eero Auranne  Ari Virtanen and Eljas Repo continue as Board members and Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila are elected as new Board members. The Board of Directors proposes that the terms of office of Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila begin and the election is notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The Board of Directors proposes that the end of the term of office of the current members of the Board of Directors  Feodor Aminoff and Mikael Lemström  as ordinary members of the Board of Directors  is conditional to the execution of the Share Exchange and that their term of office ends and the end is notified for registration after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The proposed Board members have informed the Company that if they are elected  they intend to elect Kirsi Suopelto as Chair of the Board and Eero Auranne as Vice Chair of the Board.Consent to act as a Board member has been obtained from all persons proposed to the Board.10. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe aforementioned resolution proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  this meeting notice and other documents mentioned in Chapter 5  Section 21 of the Limited Liability Companies Act are available on Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 9 December 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on Tuesday  15 November 2022 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 22 November 2022 at 16:00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com ; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com ; or by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Mon-Fri at 10.00 to 16:00).In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  phone number  email address and the name and the personal identification number of a possible assistant or proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 15 November 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 22 November 2022 by 10:00 (EET). As regards nominee- registered shares this constitutes a due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 15 November 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 15 November 2022 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc shall be made in written at the latest on 16 November 2022 at 10:00 Swedish time (CET). The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  3 November 2022  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc is 216 959 964. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  3 November 2022SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX: Fairness Opinion issued by Access Partners LtdFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comAbout SavosolarSavosolar with its highly efficient collectors and large-scale solar thermal systems has taken solar thermal technology to the next level. The company’s collectors are equipped with the patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers  and with this leading technology  Savosolar helps its customers to produce competitive clean energy. Savosolar’s vision is to be the first-choice supplier to high performance solar installations on a global scale. Focus is on large-scale applications like district heating  industrial process heating and real estate systems – market segments with a big potential for rapid growth. The company primarily delivers complete systems from design to installation  using the best local partners. Savosolar is known as the most innovative company in the business and aims to stay as such. The company has sold and delivered its products to almost 20 countries on four continents. Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden with the ticker SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland with the ticker SAVOH. www.savosolar.com .The company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se   phone: +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.31,0.67,0.03,mixed,0.19,0.22,0.59,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right', 'weighty financial reason', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Access Partners Ltd', 'share exchange agreement', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'same subscription price', 'exchange ratio', 'Savosolar Oyj', 'share issue', 'Meriaura Ltd', 'VG-Shipping Ltd', 'Biolaite Ltd', 'VG-EcoFuel Ltd', 'Scandic Simonkenttä', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Further information', 'fairness opinion', 'decision making', 'sole shareholder', 'EUR 1,000,000 guarantee', 'single resolution', '70.0 per cent', 'other matters', 'company releases', 'name change', 'final execution', 'new shares', '792,997,410 shares', '555,098,187 shares', '547,906,581 shares', 'CET', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'November', 'address', 'Simonkatu', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolutions', 'acquisition', 'accordance', '29 August', 'consideration', 'addition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'order', 'appendix', 'transaction', 'number', 'amounts', 'assumption', 'warrants', 'result', 'implied', 'values', 'Story', 'separate', 'offering', 'parties', 'precondition', 'subsections', 'deviation', 'turn', 'means', 'contribution', 'kind', 'authorization', 'maximum', 'limits', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'rights', 'force', '31 December', '3.45', '10:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12531,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/isofol-appoints-nomination-committee-ahead-144100538.html,Isofol appoints nomination committee ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023,"Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the...","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 have been appointed in accordance with the principles for appointing nomination committees that were adopted at the Annual General Meeting on May 19  2022.According to the instructions for appointment of the nomination committee for Isofol Medical AB (publ)  the nomination committee shall consist of three members  representatives appointed by the three largest shareholders in the company in terms of the number of votes based on the share register or other reliable information provided by Euroclear Sweden AB as of September 30  2022. Another nomination committee member may be appointed by minority shareholders representing at least 10 percent of the votes. The chairman of the nomination committee shall consist of the largest shareholder in terms of votes at the time of the nomination committee's appearance  unless the nomination committee agrees otherwise  and may not consist of the chairman of the board or another board member. The chairman of the board shall not be part of the nomination committee  but is normally a co-opted member at its meetings.The nomination committee ahead of the AGM 2023 consists of the following members:Lars Lind   chairman of the nomination committee   appointed by Hans Enocsson representing approximately 2.82 percent of the shares and votes Malin Björkmo   appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder representing approximately 1.97 percent of the shares and votes  andJohan Möller  appointed by Bengt Halse representing about 1.31 percent of the shares and votesIn addition  representatives of minority owners representing approximately 12.51 percent of votes and shares have appointed Matsola Palm.The members of the nomination committee are appointed by owners who represent a total of about 18.61 percent of the total number of shares and votes in Isofol Medical AB (publ) according to the ownership conditions as of September 30  2022.Story continuesInformation about the nomination committee's work and the instructions to the nomination committee can be found on the company website under the section for Corporate Governance. The nomination committee's proposal will be presented in the summons to the annual general meeting 2023 and on the company's website  www.isofolmedical.com.Shareholders who wish to submit proposals to the nomination committee shall do this in writing by sending an e-mail to valberedningen@isofolmedical.com (heading: ""Isofol's nomination committee"") or by mail to the following address:Isofol Medical AB (publ)Att. ValberedningenArvid Wallgrens Backe 20413 46 GOTHENBURGSWEDENAny proposals must be received by the nomination committee no later than March 12  2023  to be included in the notice and agenda for the Annual General Meeting 2023.For more information  please contactJan Törnell  chairman of the boardE-mail: jan.tornell@innoext.seIsofol Medical AB (publ)Jarl Ulf Jungnelius  M.D.  CEOE-mail: jungnelius@isofolmedical.comTelephone: +46 709-16 89 55The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 15:15 CET  on November 3  2022.About Isofol Medical AB (publ)Isofol Medical AB (publ) is a clinical stage biotech company that is developing and improving current standards of care for people living with cancer by increasing the efficacy of the current chemotherapeutic standards of care. Isofol is focused on developing a first line treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and seeks to elevate current clinical practice by unlocking the full strength of 5-FU with the addition of arfolitixorin. Isofol holds a worldwide exclusive licensing agreement with Merck & Cie  Schaffhausen  Germany to develop and commercialize arfolitixorin for use in oncology. Isofol Medical AB (publ) is traded on Nasdaq Stockholm.www.isofolmedical.comThe following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/isofol-appoints-nomination-committee-ahead-of-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-301667823.htmlSOURCE Isofol Medical AB (publ)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'nomination committee', 'Isofol', 'worldwide exclusive licensing agreement', 'clinical stage biotech company', 'SOURCE Isofol Medical AB', 'current clinical practice', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Malin Björkmo', 'first line treatment', 'Johan Möller', 'Jan Törnell', 'current chemotherapeutic standards', 'Jarl Ulf Jungnelius', 'metastatic colorectal cancer', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other reliable information', 'three largest shareholders', 'nomination committee member', 'current standards', 'jan.tornell', 'M.D.', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'nomination committees', 'three members', 'share register', 'minority shareholders', 'Lars Lind', 'Hans Enocsson', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Bengt Halse', 'Matsola Palm', 'ownership conditions', 'Corporate Governance', 'following address', 'Arvid Wallgrens', 'contact person', 'full strength', 'following files', 'original content', 'following members', 'minority owners', 'Att. Valberedningen', 'company website', 'board member', 'total number', 'GOTHENBURG', 'publ', 'accordance', 'principles', 'May', 'instructions', 'appointment', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'September', '10 percent', 'chairman', 'time', 'appearance', 'part', 'meetings', 'AGM', '2.82 percent', 'shares', '1.97 percent', '1.31 percent', 'addition', '12.51 percent', '18.61 percent', 'Story', 'work', 'section', 'proposal', 'summons', 'writing', 'mail', 'March', 'notice', 'agenda', 'CEO', 'Telephone', 'agency', '15:15 CET', 'November', 'care', 'people', 'efficacy', 'mCRC', '5-FU', 'arfolitixorin', 'Merck', 'Cie', 'Schaffhausen', 'Germany', 'oncology', 'download', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', 'annual-general-meeting']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12532,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-copperstone-163100653.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Copperstone Resources AB (PUBL),Kiruna 3 November 2022 PRESS RELEASE The shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby...,Copperstone Resources ABKiruna 3 November 2022PRESS RELEASEThe shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the offices of Hannes Snellman Attorneys  Hamngatan 15  111 47 Stockholm. The registration opens at 1:30 p.m.Notice of attendance etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the extraordinary general meeting must be recorded in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022 and give notice of their participation by way of mail to the Company no later than on 28 November 2022 at 12:00 p.m. to Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  Sweden  or by way of e-mail: info@copperstone.se  stating “Extraordinary general meeting”. Upon notice of attendance  the shareholder’s name  social security number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  shareholding as well as information on advisors  if any (no more than two)  shall be stated.If participating by proxy  we are thankful if such proxy form is submitted already in connection with the notice of attendance. The proxy form may be no older than one year  however the proxy form may be older than one year if it is stated that it is valid for a longer period  however no more than five years. Proxy forms are provided shareholders upon request and are available at the Company and on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se. A person representing a legal entity is requested to present a copy of a certificate of registration or equivalent documentation of authority evidencing authorised signatory.A person having had their shares nominee registered must  in order to have the right to participate in the extraordinary general meeting  have the nominee register the shares in own name  so that the relevant shareholder is registered in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022. Such registration may be temporary. The shareholder must therefore contact its nominee well before this date in accordance with the nominee’s routines and request voting rights registration. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than on 25 November 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesProposed agendaElection of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination as to whether the extraordinary general meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the agenda. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors. Election of new member of the board of directors. Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directors. Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2. Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel. Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programs. Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeThe nomination committee consists of Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB)  Thomas von Koch (appointed by TomEnterprise AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB).Proposals for decisionsItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board  Jörgen Olsson  is elected chairman at the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022.Item 6: Resolution regarding the number of members of the board of directorsProposal that the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall consist of eight (8) members with no deputy board members  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder.Item 7: Election of new member of the board of directorsProposal that Per Colleen  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall be elected as member of the board of directors  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder. The other members of the nomination committee  Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB) have no objections regarding this proposal.Per Colleen has substantial experience from the finance industry inter alia as previous share manager of AP4 (2013-2021)  SEB Investment Management (2011-2013) and DnBNor (2008-2011). Today  Per Colleen works as CEO of TomEnterprise AB  TomEqt AB and Kinkon AB.Item 8: Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directorsAs a consequence of the proposal regarding election of a new member of the board of directors  the nomination committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  remuneration of in total SEK 200 000 shall be paid on an annual basis to the new board member from 1 December 2022.Item 9: Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2As previously communicated by way of press release  Copperstone has given the new CEO Henrik Ager an opportunity to acquire 10 000 000 warrants on market terms  as part of the remuneration package agreed between the Company and Henrik Ager. In order to adapt the existing incentive programs’ frameworks and allotment principles to the agreed transfer to Henrik Ager  an amendment is proposed to the earlier resolution from the general meeting regarding resale of warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1  according to resolution item (A) below  as well as a corresponding amendment to the allotment principles regarding warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2  according to resolution item (B) below. The proposal does not entail an issue of new warrants and consequently no change of dilutive effect  in relation to what was stated in the resolution of the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022. The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.(A) Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the “Subsidiary”)  before intended allotment to selected management and key personnel in the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than 2 500 000 warrants to the CEO.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution  in such manner that the number of warrants that may be transferred by the Subsidiary to the CEO is adjusted to 5 631 130 warrants. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 (and vice versa  please refer to the below).The above-mentioned resale to Henrik Ager entails that there are additional 1 228 870 warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program. The remaining warrants will be cancelled.(B) – Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary  before intended allotment to board members of the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer inter alia no more than 2 000 000 warrants to the board members.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution as follows. The warrants held by the Subsidiary within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2 shall be possible to transfer also to the CEO  whereby the number of warrants that may be transferred to the CEO shall be 4 368 870 warrants. These warrants have thus not been previously allotted to board members. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO  who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 (and vice versa  please refer to the above).The above-mentioned resale entails that there are no additional warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program.Item 10: Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnelFollowing allotment of warrants to the CEO in accordance with item 9 above  together with other allotments after the annual general meeting’s resolution on 18 May 2022  1 228 870 warrants remain in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which lapse on 18 December 2025. The board of directors intends to propose a new incentive program for management and key personnel ahead of the annual general meeting 2023 but deems it important to already before the annual general meeting 2023 be able to facilitate important recruitment of new staff and  for this purpose  have more warrants with appropriate maturity available than the aforementioned number. For this reason  the board wishes to create space for further allotments corresponding to in total 3 700 000 warrants  which increase and replace ongoing incentive programs. As the Company intends to cancel the above-mentioned remaining 1 228 870 warrants  this will thus correspond to a net increase of approximately 2 470 000 warrants  which entails a dilution of not more than 0.2 percent.Thus  the board of directors of Copperstone proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt a new incentive program for management and key personnel in the Company. This new incentive program will thus increase and partly replace the remaining warrants in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which will be cancelled. The new incentive program is proposed to be adopted by way of an issue of warrants to the Subsidiary in accordance with resolution item (A) below  as well as transfer to selected management and key personnel in accordance with resolution item (B). Resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.The board of directors assesses it as urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that management and key personnel have a long-term interest of a good value development of the Company’s share. A personal and long-term ownership commitment may be expected to contribute to an increased interest of the Company’s operations and results  as well as to increase the motivation for the participants’ and affinity with the Company and its shareholders.(A) – Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive ABThe board of directors proposes that a directed issue of warrants is carried out  by way of issuance of no more than 3 700 000 warrants of series 2022/2026. The subscription right to the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants shall be transferred to management and key personnel in the Company afterwards  in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason why the issue is proposed to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential right is thus to create incentives for management and key personnel to at all times work for the Company’s positive development  since these hold management roles or key roles in the Company and accordingly constitute an important part of the Company’s continued operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription right of one (1) share in the Company  to a subscription price per share corresponding to the current share price in connection with the extraordinary general meeting  as will be seen further in the board of directors’ complete proposal  multiplied with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms and conditions for the warrants  be enabled until and including 29 May 2026. In the event that all warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company’s registered share capital will be increased with SEK 370 000. The terms and conditions  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which will be set forth in the board of directors’ complete proposal  shall be applied regarding the warrants.(B) - Approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the CompanyFurthermore  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve that the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than in total 3 700 000 warrants to management or key personnel (or wholly owned companies by these persons) in the Company  with the distribution stated below.Position / Categories Number of warrants Management and other key personnel  including consultants on a permanent basis Maximum 1 000 000 warrants per person Newly employed management and key personnel Maximum 500 000 warrants per personThe warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time for transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (option premium). The calculation of the option premium to management shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert or shall be made on the basis of the expert’s valuation. Furthermore  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions.DilutionBased on the current number of shares in the Company  and with the assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of shares and that 1 228 870 warrants from Incentive program 2022/2025:1 will be cancelled  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program will not exceed 0.2 percent of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the Company’s current incentive programs).Costs for the incentive program and impact on important key figuresThe incentive program 2022/2026 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total costs for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. In addition to the costs for advisors  the board of directors assesses that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection to subscription of shares by exercising of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Furthermore  the Company may link salary-based bonuses to allotments in order to facilitate participation in the program  bonus costs of which in that case will fall within the Company’s ordinary personnel costs.The stated dilutive effect above refers to  in relation to the Company’s key figures  the dilution of the number of shares  and affects relevant key figures definitely if the Company’s value has risen to the degree that exercise is carried out during the maturity period. In such a case  the dilution should be counteracted by the fact that the Company  in the event of full exercise  would (based on the current share price) be added an amount of SEK 6 900 000.Earlier incentive programs in the CompanyThe Company currently has some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management  and some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include board members. All of the Company’s warrant programs are presented on the Company’s website and will be described in the board of directors’ complete proposal. In the event that the incentive program would be fully implemented within the now intended framework in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal above  the total numerical dilutive effect together with the existing warrant programs as per today will not exceed 5 percent. After the resale of warrants under ongoing Incentive program 2022/2025:1 to the new CEO Henrik Ager  1 228 870 warrants will remain in this incentive program. These 1 228 870 warrants will then be cancelled  which entails that the dilution following the proposed incentive program is mitigated.Majority requirementsResolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above stated  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 11: Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programsCopperstone has  on the annual general meeting on 20 May 2020  resolved to issue 16 250 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2020/2023  of which the warrant terms and conditions subsequently was partly amended and converted to Incentive program 2020/2023bis  on the annual general meeting on 19 May 2021 resolved to issue 10 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:1 and to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:2  and on the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary before intended allotment and resale to selected management and key personnel or board members.All warrants under the above-mentioned incentive programs are governed by identical warrant terms and conditions  apart from some certain program specific details. For the purpose of facilitating so-called partial exercise of warrants under the Company’s ongoing incentive programs  i.e. that an option holder may exercise warrants for subscription of shares at more than one occasion and to a lower number than maximum  the Company’s board of directors proposes  with reference to item 10 in the warrant terms and conditions respectively  that the warrant terms and conditions regarding the warrants in the above-mentioned incentive programs for practical reasons are amended  in the manner that it facilitates for the option holder to subscribe for shares that the warrants are entitling to at multiple different subscription occasions. This change of terms and conditions is assessed to be appropriate and to all option holders’ benefit.For a valid resolution according to this item  it is required that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder requests it and the board of directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the extraordinary general meeting regarding any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial position as well as the Company’s relationship to another group company.DocumentsComplete resolution proposals pursuant to the above  including relevant statements  will be presented on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se  and be kept available at Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  no later than three weeks before the extraordinary general meeting and be sent to shareholders who so wishes and state their postal address.Shares and votesThe Company may issue shares of one class. In total  there are 1 330 093 009 shares and votes in the Company. Each share in the Company carries one vote at the extraordinary general meeting. The Company does not hold any own shares._____________________Kiruna in November 2022Copperstone Resources AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contactChairman of the board Jörgen Olsson on +46 (0) 703 - 420 570E-mail: jorgen.olsson@copperstone.seinfo@copperstone.se or www.copperstone.seAbout CopperstoneCopperstone Resources AB is a company now scaling up to become a modern and responsibly producing mining company through the reopening of the Viscaria mine in Kiruna  Sweden. The deposit’s high copper grade assessed mineral resources  geographical location and growing team of experts provides good opportunities to become a key supplier of quality and responsibly produced copper – a metal that plays a critical role in Sweden’s and Europe’s climate change towards an electrified society. In addition to the Viscaria mine  Copperstone holds a number of other exploitation concessions and exploration permits in Arvidsjaur (Eva  Svartliden  Granliden) and Smedjebacken (Tvistbogruvan)  all in Sweden. The parent company’s shares are traded on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker COPP B). Augment Partners is the company’s Certified Adviser  info@augment.se  +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.81,0.14,0.05,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'Notice', 'PUBL', 'next annual general meeting', 'subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB', 'Hannes Snellman Attorneys', 'Håkan Eriksson', 'Thomas von Koch', 'Håkan Roos', 'Jörgen Olsson', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'earlier incentive programs', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'previous share manager', 'social security number', 'SEB Investment Management', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy board members', 'voting list', 'JOHECO AB', 'TomEnterprise AB', 'RoosGruppen AB', 'TomEqt AB', 'Kinkon AB', 'share register', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Fasadvägen', 'telephone number', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documentation', 'authorised signatory', 'Such registration', 'two persons', 'allotment principles', 'key personnel', 'Nomination committee', 'Per Colleen', 'substantial experience', 'finance industry', 'new member', 'proxy form', 'eight (8) members', 'other members', 'one year', 'relevant shareholder', 'company holdings', 'longer period', 'Company shareholder', 'shares nominee', 'Kiruna', 'shareholders', '1 December', 'offices', 'Hamngatan', '47 Stockholm', 'Notice', 'attendance', '23 November', 'participation', 'way', 'mail', '28 November', 'publ', 'name', 'address', 'shareholding', 'information', 'advisors', 'connection', 'request', 'website', 'copy', 'certificate', 'authority', 'order', 'date', 'accordance', 'routines', '25 November', 'account', 'presentation', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adaptation', 'warrants', 'adoption', 'transfer', 'adjustment', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'decisions', 'Item', 'objections', 'AP4', 'DnBNor', 'CEO', 'consequence', '2:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12534,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547984/0/en/Notice-to-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Savosolar-Plc.html,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Savosolar Plc Company Release                            3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET)   Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc...,English FinnishSavosolar PlcCompany Release 3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET)Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Friday  25 November 2022 at 10:00 (EET) at Scandic Simonkenttä at the address Simonkatu 9  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9:30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Resolutions required for acquisition of all the shares in Meriaura LtdIn accordance with the company release published on 29 August 2022  Savosolar Plc (the ”Company”) plans to acquire all the shares in Meriaura Ltd through a share exchange where shares of the Company are used as consideration (the “Share Exchange”). Further information on the Share Exchange is available in the company releases published by the Company on 29 August 2022 and on 3 November 2022. In addition  the Board of Directors of the Company has obtained a fairness opinion from Access Partners Ltd in order to support decision making of the shareholders  which is presented as an appendix of the notice.In accordance with the company release of the Company published on 29 August 2022  after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares rises to approximately 792 997 410 shares and there are approximately 555 098 187 shares directed to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. These amounts have been calculated based on the assumption that the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9) are used for subscription of shares in full. As this did not happen  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement will be 782 723 687 and there are 547 906 581 shares directed to VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. As a result of the change in the number of shares  the subscription price per share published on 29 August 2022 will increase from approximately EUR 0.05404 to approximately EUR 0.05475. The change does not affect the implied values of the companies used in the transaction or the exchange ratio previously published by the Company.As part of the share exchange agreement  VG-Shipping Ltd has given a EUR 1 000 000 guarantee for the subscription of shares not subscribed based on warrants 2-2021 (TO9) with the same subscription price as the shares subscribed based on the warrants. This will be carried out as a separate directed offering to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it where maximum of 17 857 142 Company’s new shares are offered for subscription with subscription price of EUR 0 056 per share.As a precondition for execution of the Share Exchange  all subsections (a)-(c) of this Section 6 need to be approved. The subsections form a whole and the Board of Directors proposes that they are resolved with a single resolution.a) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping LtdThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue of Company’s new shares against consideration in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The directed share issue relates to the share exchange where the Company acquires all the shares in Meriaura Ltd. Meriaura Ltd in turn owns all the shares in Biolaite Ltd (name change to VG-EcoFuel Ltd pending). Therefore  there is a weighty financial reason for the Company to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act.The shares are offered for subscription to VG-Shipping Ltd. in accordance with the share exchange agreement between the Company and Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd. The subscription price is paid by means of contribution in kind  which comprises all the shares in Meriaura Ltd.Based on the authorization  the Board of Directors may issue in the directed share issue a maximum of 547 906 581 new shares of the Company to VG-Shipping Ltd. The new shares to be issued represent approximately 70.0 per cent of the Company’s all shares after execution of the Share Exchange.The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on final execution of the share issue as well as within the limits of the Limited Liability Companies Act on all other matters and conditions relating to issuance of shares as well as rights relating to shares.The authorization is proposed to be in force until 31 December 2022. The authorization does not cancel previous authorizations to resolve on the issuance of shares or the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.b) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  options and other special rightsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more transactions  on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 295 000 000 shares  including the directed share issue of maximum of 17 857 142 new shares to be directed to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it in relation to the subscription guarantee given by VG-Shipping Ltd for the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9).The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue)  if there is a weighty financial reason for the company.Shares may be conveyed either against payment or free of charge in the company’s share issues. A directed share issue may be a share issue without payment only if there is an especially weighty reason for the same both for the company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the company.The authorization is valid until 30 June 2024  and it replaces the authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 1 October 2021.c) Execution of the Share ExchangeThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Share Exchange is accepted by the resolution of this General Meeting and the Board of Directors is authorized to take other necessary measures required for execution of the Share Exchange and to confirm execution after the necessary conditions precedent (inter alia approval of Nasdaq Stockholm AB) have been fulfilled.7. Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the following amendments be made to the Company's Articles of Association:Section 2 of the Articles of Association (Line of business) is amended to read as follows:2 § Line of businessThe company's line of business is to conduct business related to maritime logistics as well as solar and other renewable energy. The company may have investment activities. The company can operate directly or through its subsidiaries or associated companies.The Board of Directors proposes that the decisions in accordance with this Section 7 be notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.8. Remuneration of the Board membersSavosolar Plc's Annual General Meeting decided on 26 April 2022 that the members of the Board of Directors be paid the following remuneration for the term that begun at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chair of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company’s new shares based on the authorization granted to the Board of Directors and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration will be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company’s share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2022 will be used as the value of share. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has ended.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the Board remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 2022 remain unchanged  however  in such a way that the Board members leaving the Board have the right to 7/12 of the Board remuneration decided and the newly elected Board members to 5/12 of the Board remuneration decided. Accordingly  the current Chair of the Board is entitled to 7/12 of the decided remuneration of the Chair of the Board and 5/12 of the remuneration of the other Board members  and the newly elected Chair of the Board is entitled to 5/12 of the remuneration of the Chair of the Board.9. The number of Board members and electing membersThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that six (6) members are elected to the Board.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the composition of the Board be changed so that the Company's Board members Eero Auranne  Ari Virtanen and Eljas Repo continue as Board members and Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila are elected as new Board members. The Board of Directors proposes that the terms of office of Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila begin and the election is notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The Board of Directors proposes that the end of the term of office of the current members of the Board of Directors  Feodor Aminoff and Mikael Lemström  as ordinary members of the Board of Directors  is conditional to the execution of the Share Exchange and that their term of office ends and the end is notified for registration after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The proposed Board members have informed the Company that if they are elected  they intend to elect Kirsi Suopelto as Chair of the Board and Eero Auranne as Vice Chair of the Board.Consent to act as a Board member has been obtained from all persons proposed to the Board.10. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe aforementioned resolution proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  this meeting notice and other documents mentioned in Chapter 5  Section 21 of the Limited Liability Companies Act are available on Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 9 December 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on Tuesday  15 November 2022 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 22 November 2022 at 16:00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com ; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com ; or by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Mon-Fri at 10.00 to 16:00).In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  phone number  email address and the name and the personal identification number of a possible assistant or proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 15 November 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 22 November 2022 by 10:00 (EET). As regards nominee- registered shares this constitutes a due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 15 November 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 15 November 2022 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc shall be made in written at the latest on 16 November 2022 at 10:00 Swedish time (CET). The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  3 November 2022  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc is 216 959 964. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  3 November 2022SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX: Fairness Opinion issued by Access Partners LtdFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comAbout SavosolarSavosolar with its highly efficient collectors and large-scale solar thermal systems has taken solar thermal technology to the next level. The company’s collectors are equipped with the patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers  and with this leading technology  Savosolar helps its customers to produce competitive clean energy. Savosolar’s vision is to be the first-choice supplier to high performance solar installations on a global scale. Focus is on large-scale applications like district heating  industrial process heating and real estate systems – market segments with a big potential for rapid growth. The company primarily delivers complete systems from design to installation  using the best local partners. Savosolar is known as the most innovative company in the business and aims to stay as such. The company has sold and delivered its products to almost 20 countries on four continents. Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden with the ticker SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland with the ticker SAVOH. www.savosolar.com .The company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se   phone: +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.31,0.67,0.03,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right', 'weighty financial reason', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Access Partners Ltd', 'share exchange agreement', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'same subscription price', 'exchange ratio', 'share issue', 'Meriaura Ltd', 'VG-Shipping Ltd', 'Biolaite Ltd', 'VG-EcoFuel Ltd', 'English Finnish', 'Scandic Simonkenttä', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Further information', 'fairness opinion', 'decision making', 'sole shareholder', 'EUR 1,000,000 guarantee', 'single resolution', '70.0 per cent', 'other matters', 'company releases', 'name change', 'final execution', 'new shares', '792,997,410 shares', '555,098,187 shares', '547,906,581 shares', 'CET', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'November', 'address', 'Simonkatu', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolutions', 'acquisition', 'accordance', '29 August', 'consideration', 'addition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'order', 'appendix', 'transaction', 'number', 'amounts', 'assumption', 'warrants', 'result', 'implied', 'values', 'separate', 'offering', 'parties', 'precondition', 'subsections', 'deviation', 'turn', 'means', 'contribution', 'kind', 'authorization', 'maximum', 'limits', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'rights', 'force', '31 December', '3.45', '10:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12536,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547297/0/en/Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-of-SkiStar-AB.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of SkiStar AB,SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 10  2022 at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.,"Swedish EnglishSkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 10  2022 at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.Right to participate and registrationShareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  2 December 2022 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no later than on Tuesday  6 December 2022. Registration of participation in the AGM can be submittedat the company’s webpage www.skistar.com/en/corporate by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference “SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting”)in writing to SkiStar AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  orby telephone: +46 (0)8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday  9 am-4 pm CET).The shareholder’s name and personal identity number/corporate identity number must be provided when registering. In addition  the shareholders are kindly requested to provide contact details and number of shares held when registering. The company must be provided with information regarding assistants  if any  at the time of registration.In addition to attending the AGM in person or by proxy  the shareholders will also be given the opportunity to exercise their voting rights through advance voting (see below under the heading advance voting (postal voting)).Nominee RegistrationShareholders who have their shares registered with an authorised nominee must  to have the right to participate in the AGM  temporarily re-register their shares in their own names. Shareholders who wish such re-registration  so-called registration of voting rights  must request it from its authorised nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  6 December 2022  will be considered when presenting the share register. This implies that the shareholders must inform the nominees of such re-registration in good time prior to this date. Such re-registration may be temporary.Advance voting (postal voting)Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Shareholders can also cast their postal vote by e-mail or post by submitting a specific advance voting form. The form  instructions and contact information for advance voting are available on the company's website: www.skistar.com/en/corporate and can also be obtained by contacting the company/Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information as above. The advance voting form is valid as a notification to attend the meeting. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 6 December 2022. The advance voting form  with any attached authorisation document  are to be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by mail to SkiStar AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a verified copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authority document for the legal entity shall be attached to the advance voting form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the advance voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the advance vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Note that shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM through advance voting shall  just as with personal participation  be entered in the share register as per Friday  2 December  2022 (and shares registered with an authorised nominee must be re-registered in the shareholder’s own name).Proxy and Proxy formShareholders who do not intend to be present in person at the AGM may – in addition to the above alternative of advanced voting – be represented by a proxy with a written  dated and duly signed power of attorney for the proxy. Such power of attorney is considered to apply for a period of one year after being issued  or longer if clearly stated on the document  up to a maximum of five years. The power of attorney should be sent to the company at the above address in good time prior to the AGM. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the legal entity’s certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The company provides the shareholders with a proxy form  if requested. The proxy form can be found at the company’s webpage and can be ordered from the company (see contact details above under the heading Right to participate and registration).Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices of attendance at the AGM and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the AGM and  where appropriate  the minutes of the AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of proposed agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes Confirmation that the meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the submitted annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report for the consolidated accounts Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO with regard to the financial year 2021/22 Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGM Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of Directors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any Resolution regarding the fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22 Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on authorization providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own shares Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar should introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years old Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsThe nomination committee of SkiStar AB (publ) consists of Per Gullstrand  appointed by Mats and Fredrik Paulsson including family and company  Anders Moberg  appointed by ACapital SS Holding AB  Niklas Johansson  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder and Lennart Mauritzson  appointed by Erik Paulsson including family and company. The nomination committee has appointed Per Gullstrand as its chairman. The nomination committee proposes the following.2. Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe nomination committee proposes the AGM to elect the chairman of the board of directors  Anders Sundström  chairman of the AGM.12. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGMThe nomination committee proposes that the number of members of the board of directors shall be seven  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.13. Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes that total fees for the board of directors  including committee fees  shall amount to SEK 2 810 000 (2 410 000) in total. The fees shall be distributed as follows; SEK 650 000 (550 000) to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 300 000 (250 000) to each of the other members of the board of directors that are not employed by the company. Fees to the members of the audit committee shall to amount to SEK 240 000 (240 000) in total  of which SEK 120 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members of the audit committee. Fees to the members of the remuneration committee shall amount to SEK 120 000 (120 000) in total  of which SEK 60 000 (60 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 30 000 (30 000) to each of the other two members of the remuneration committee.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström  Lena Apler  Sara Karlsson  Fredrik Paulsson  Gunilla Rudebjer  Anders Svensson and Vegard Søraunet to be re-elected members of the board of directors. All for the period until the end of the next AGM.Information about the persons proposed for re-election etc.Information about the persons proposed for re-election and the nomination committee's motivated statement is available on the company's website  www.skistar.com/en/corporate.15. Election of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström be re-elected chairman of the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next AGM.16. Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if anyThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the company shall appoint one registered auditing firm as auditor  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.17. Resolution regarding the fees for the auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that fees to the auditor shall be paid on an on-account basis.18. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as the company’s auditor for a period of one year. Deloitte has informed the nomination committee that  should the nomination committee’s proposal also be the decision of the AGM  the authorised public accountant  Kent Åkerlund  is to keep the position of auditor-in-charge. Neither the nomination committee's proposal nor the Audit Committee's recommendation has been subject to influence from third parties or has been forced by any contractual terms that restrict the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.The Board of Director’s proposals10. Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that dividends of SEK 3.00 per share  totalling SEK 235 128 168  be distributed. The remaining disposable earnings of SEK 549 286 269 shall be balanced in a new account. The record date for the right to receive dividend shall be Tuesday  13 December 2022. If the AGM resolves in favour of the proposal  the planned date of payment of dividend via Euroclear Sweden is Friday  16 December 2022.19. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22The board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the board of directors’ report regarding remuneration to senior management relating to 2021/22 pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.20. Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board of SkiStar AB (publ) recommends that the Annual General Meeting adopt the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. The guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting and are valid for a maximum of four years.ScopeThe guidelines below include the Board of Directors (as applicable)  the CEO and other members of Group management  hereinafter referred to as senior executives. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration under new agreements and amendments to remuneration already agreed after adoption of the new guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided on by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySkiStar’s vision is to create memorable mountain experiences. As a listed company  SkiStar aims to create value for the Company’s shareholders and promote long-term sustainability in all operations. For further information about SkiStar’s strategy  long-term interests  including financial and operational targets  and sustainability work  see www.skistar.com/en/corporate and the annual report  which will be available at the same web address no later than three weeks prior to the AGM.Successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including sustainability  are contingent on the Company having qualified employees. SkiStar must therefore be able to offer competitive remuneration. The Company’s remuneration structure in accordance with these guidelines mustcontribute to a consensus between senior executives and shareholders in terms of the long-term perspective of the operations  including promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability;ensure that senior executives receive remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  enabling the Company to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees;require senior executives’ compliance with the Company’s code of conduct  policies and directives; andoffer a salary based on the Company’s financial targets and senior executives’ individual responsibility  competence  performance  duties  experience and position.Variable remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability.Remuneration and forms of remunerationThe total compensation for senior executives must be reviewed regularly  and at least annually  to ensure that it is market-based. To create well-balanced total compensation that strengthens both short and long-term performance management and target achievement  remuneration may include the following components: fixed cash salary  variable remuneration/bonuses including undertaking to acquire shares  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed cash salarySenior executives are to be offered a fixed cash salary that is individualised and market-based in relation to responsibility  competence  performance and regional salary levels. The fixed salary is to be determined annually  to apply during the period September to August.Variable remuneration/bonus including undertaking to acquire sharesSenior executives may receive variable cash remuneration/bonuses  based on the current bonus programme for SkiStar’s senior executives as decided by the Board for each financial year. Bonuses must be related to measurable criteria defined by the Board  which may be financial or non-financial  qualitative or quantitative  and must be based on factors that support SkiStar’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by having a clear link to value creation  committed long-term ownership and SkiStar’s development. The criteria may  for example  relate to the Company’s performance on earnings per share  return on equity  operating margin and organic growth  measured for each financial year. If the Board considers that the business strategy and the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  would be better promoted if the criteria were supplemented or changed  these guidelines allow such changes to be made.The bonus to the CEO may amount to a maximum of 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for the CEO. Bonuses to other senior executives may amount to a maximum of 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for these executives.The level of fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration is to be determined at the end of the measurement period. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the CEO’s variable cash remuneration assessment. Where the assessment of target achievement is concerned  the CEO is responsible for the assessment in relation to other senior executives’ variable cash remuneration. Financial targets shall be based on the most recent financial report published by the Company.Should it be established that the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration have not been met in whole or in part  the Board of Directors has the possibility to decide that variable remuneration is nevertheless to be paid to senior executives on an individual basis in extraordinary circumstances  up to an amount not exceeding half of the bonus cap  i.e. a maximum of 40 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for the CEO  and a maximum of 30 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for other senior executives. Such extraordinary arrangements are only to be applied either for the purpose of recruitment or retention  or as remuneration for extraordinary work in addition to the person’s regular duties. Decisions on such remuneration are to be taken by the Board of Directors  for both the CEO and other senior executives  on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee. Variable remuneration is paid in October of the year after it was earned.Under an agreement with the Company  senior executives who receive bonuses must undertake to acquire shares in the Company for long-term ownership (a period of at least three years)  investing at least 1/3 of their post-tax bonuses. The purchase price paid for any SkiStar shares acquired by a senior executive during a given vesting year may be included in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares if a bonus is received for that vesting year. The purpose is to create involvement and engagement by offering senior executives the opportunity to become shareholders in a structured way. Through the criteria that determine the outcome as described above  incentives are created for senior executives to contribute to realisation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  and therefore long-term value creation.If a senior executive contravenes the above conditions by  for example  prematurely selling shares acquired under said conditions  the senior executive must  in accordance with the agreement with the Company  be required to repay the full amount (including income tax but not social security contributions) paid for the shares acquired.Pension benefitsSenior executives are entitled to pension arrangements under collective agreements and agreements with SkiStar AB. All pension obligations are defined-contribution plans. For the CEO  the Company pays pension contributions corresponding to 30 percent of the pensionable salary. For other senior executives  pension payments are made according to the standard ITP plan. Salary waivers may be used for increased pension provisions through one-time pension premium payments under salary and bonus sacrifice arrangements. The retirement age for senior executives who are Swedish citizens is 65. For others  it is as specified in their own country’s pension rules.Car benefitsSenior executives may be offered car benefits.Other benefitsSenior executives may be entitled to other benefits such as health insurance as well as the benefits available to other SkiStar employees. The total value of these benefits may not exceed five percent of a senior executive’s fixed cash salary.In addition  the CEO may be entitled to private travel between home and work (including air travel)  an official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  tax return assistance and supplementary health insurance in addition to collectively agreed health insurance. The total value of these benefits may not exceed ten percent of the CEO’s fixed cash salary.OtherEmployment conditions for senior executives who are subject to rules other than Swedish rules on pension and other benefits may be duly adjusted to ensure compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines as far as possible.Period of notice and termination benefitsThe maximum period of notice is initially 12 months for termination of employment initiated by SkiStar and six months for termination by the senior executive. Termination benefits shall only be paid when termination of employment is initiated by the Company. Termination benefits shall only to be paid up to the date on which the individual in question obtains other employment. Termination benefits are calculated on the fixed cash salary and are not pensionable. Total fixed salary during the period of notice and any termination benefits must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 24 months.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board’s Remuneration Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the need to revise the guidelines prior to the Board’s proposal to the AGM (if applicable) for adoption. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present it to the AGM for resolution. The guidelines shall be valid until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of guidelines for remuneration of senior executives and applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for the CEO on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for other senior executives and consults with the Remuneration Committee on these matters. Decisions on possible variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances are  however  made by the Board for the CEO as well as for other senior executives on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO and other senior executives are not present when the Board and the Remuneration Committee consider and make decisions on remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by these matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may  following a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  decide to make a temporary derogation from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are particular reasons to do so in an individual case and such derogation is necessary in order to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparation of the Board’s decisions in remuneration-related matters. This includes decisions to derogate from the guidelines. Such derogations are to be reported and explained in the subsequent remuneration report.Salary and terms of employment for other employeesIn preparing the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees have been taken into account by including information about the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and the remuneration increase and rate of increase over time in the Board’s decision support material for evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and limitations set out herein. The remuneration report on paid and outstanding remuneration covered by the guidelines will include a report on the trend regarding the gap between Company management’s remuneration and other employees’ remuneration.Changes from previous guidelinesThe Board’s proposal for guidelines for remuneration of senior executives prior to the 2022 AGM is largely consistent with the guidelines adopted at the 2021 AGM. In the review prior to the 2022 AGM  changes have been made regarding the extended benefit for the CEO  as regards the official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  clarification of the extended possibility for the Board to decide upon variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances  and an increased bonus cap for variable remuneration to the CEO  from 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary to 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary. Furthermore  the possibility has been introduced for senior executives  if a bonus is received  to include the purchase price of SkiStar shares acquired during the vesting year of the current bonus payment in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares.More informationOn the date of submission of these proposed remuneration guidelines for senior executives  SkiStar did not have any remuneration commitments not due for payment other than ongoing commitments to senior executives in accordance with the remuneration principles adopted at the 2021 AGM. For more information on remuneration at SkiStar  see the remuneration report and the annual report  which are available at www.skistar.com/sv/corporate no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.21. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve upon new issues of shares in accordance with the following.The board of directors is proposed to be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next AGM  to resolve on new issues of Class B shares. A new share issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on a new share issue with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by set-off and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Paragraph 2  1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Decision pursuant to the authorisation may not result in a new issuance of shares exceeding ten (10) percent of all shares in the company at the time of the AGM's decision on the authorisation. An issue of new shares based on this authorisation must not result in the company’s share capital exceeding the company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The board shall be entitled to determine other terms for the share issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right if any  is to give the board increased options to  completely or partially  finance any future investments/acquisitions by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisitions alternatively to raise capital for such investments/acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution of the AGM that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and has the right to otherwise take the measures required to enforce the decision.22. Resolution on authorisation providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve on the acquisition and sales of the company’s own shares according to essentially the following.The board of directors’ proposal entails that the board be authorised  until the next AGM of shareholders  to pass resolutions on one or more occasions regarding the acquisition of Class B shares in the company; however  the company’s holding may not  at any time  exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the company. The acquisition of shares shall take place in a regulated market or by an acquisition offer made to all shareholders that hold Class B shares. Acquisition of shares in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval – that is  the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. An offer of acquisition made to all shareholders may take place at a price equivalent to the lowest market value at the time of the offer  with a maximum deviation of plus 20 percent.Furthermore  the proposal by the board of directors entails that the board of directors be entitled to pass resolutions  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  regarding the sale of the company’s own shares in a regulated market or in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations. The authorisation includes the right to pass resolutions on deviation from the preferential rights of shareholders and resolutions that establish forms of payment other than cash funds  on the basis of in-kind payment  offsetting or on the basis of other conditions. The authorisation may be utilised for the maximum number of shares stipulated in the authorisation to acquire the company’s shares. Transfers in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval. Transfers in connection with acquisitions shall take place at a price which  in all essential manners  corresponds to the market value for the company’s share at the time of entering into the acquisition agreement.These authorisations aim to provide the board of directors with increased scope in working with the company’s capital structure and  if deemed appropriate  to facilitate acquisitions. The reason for the deviation from pre-emption rights  with regard to transfers made in conjunction with the acquisition of companies and businesses  is to create alternative forms of payment for such acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the implementation of the board’s resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.Shareholder’s proposal23. Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar shall introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years oldThe board recommends that the AGM rejects the shareholder proposal under item 23.Other informationDocuments prior to the Annual General Meeting etc.Accounting documents  auditor’s reports and the complete proposals and statements of the board of directors and the nomination committee pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be made available to shareholders at least three weeks prior to the AGM  at the company’s address: SkiStar AB  Sälfjällsgården  780 91 Sälen  Sweden  and on the company’s webpage: www.skistar.com/en/corporate. Copies of these documents will also be sent  free of cost  by post or e-mail to the shareholders upon request  and upon receipt of a postal or e-mail address and will be available at the AGM.Certain majority requirementsFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 21 and 22 on authorisations for the board of directors  the proposals shall be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM retain the right to request information regarding matters on the agenda or the company’s financial position according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Number of shares and votesThe number of registered shares in the company as per the date of issuance of this notice is a total of 78 376 056  of which 3 648 000 are Class A shares and 74 728 056 are Class B shares. The total number of votes is 111 208 056. The company holds no own shares._____________________Sälen in November 2022The Board of Directors of SkiStar AB (publ)This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  at 3 November 2022  10.30 a.m. CET.Further information can be reached from:Stefan Sjöstrand  CEO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.Anders Örnulf  CFO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.SkiStar in briefSkiStar AB (publ) is listed on the Mid Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. The Group owns and operates mountain resorts in Sälen  Vemdalen  Åre and Stockholm (Hammarbybacken) in Sweden and in Hemsedal and Trysil in Norway. Operations are divided into three segments: Operation of Mountain Resorts  Property Development & Exploitation and Operation of Hotels. As the leading holiday tour operator for Scandinavia  SkiStar’s business concept is to create memorable mountain experiences  develop sustainable destinations  offer accommodation  activities  products and services of the highest quality with our guests in focus. For further information  please visit www.skistar.com/en/corporate.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.19,0.26,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SkiStar AB', 'Notice', 'SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting', 'specific advance voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'equivalent authority document', 'advance vote', 'postal voting', 'advanced voting', 'personal data', 'Swedish English', 'Sälen', 'share register', 'contact details', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'authorisation document', 'legal entity', 'verified copy', 'nomination committee', 'one year', 'five years', 'above address', 'certified copy', 'Proxy form', 'authorised nominee', 'personal participation', 'good time', 'contact information', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Such power', 'Nominee Registration', 'AGM', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Experium', 'Lindvallen', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'company', 'webpage', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'telephone', 'name', 'addition', 'shares', 'assistants', 'opportunity', 'heading', 'nominees', 'date', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'vpc', 'notification', 'certificate', 'items', 'agenda', 'board', 'proposals', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'alternative', 'attorney', 'period', 'maximum', 'Processing', '2', '1.30', '101', '9']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12537,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005548/en/Intercontinental-Exchange-Reports-Strong-Third-Quarter-2022,Intercontinental Exchange Reports Strong Third Quarter 2022,ATLANTA & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022.,"ATLANTA & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE):3Q22 net revenues of $1.8 billion; +1% y/y; +3% y/y  constant currency (CC)*3Q22 GAAP diluted loss per share of $0.34  primarily due to net losses from Bakkt3Q22 adj. diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $1.313Q22 operating income  +4% y/y; +7% y/y  CC*. Adj. operating income +4% y/y; +6% y/y  CC*3Q22 operating margin of 50%  +164 basis points y/y; adj. operating margin of 60%  +176 basis points y/y Jeffrey C. Sprecher  ICE Chair & Chief Executive Officer  said ""We are pleased to report strong third quarter results that extend our track record of growth. Amidst a backdrop of continued geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty  our strong third quarter performance reflects the ""all weather"" nature of our business model. Our customers continue to rely on our mission-critical data  technology  and liquid markets through an array of macroeconomic environments. As we look to the balance of the year and beyond  we remain focused on driving innovation  helping to serve our customers' risk management needs and delivering value to our stockholders.""Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE)  a leading global provider of data  technology and market infrastructure  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022. For the quarter ended September 30  2022  consolidated net loss attributable to ICE was $191 million on $1.8 billion of consolidated revenues  less transaction-based expenses. Third quarter GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.34  primarily due to net losses from Bakkt. Adjusted net income attributable to ICE was $733 million in the third quarter and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.31. Please refer to the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures included in this press release for more information on our adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income  adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted free cash flow.Warren Gardiner  ICE Chief Financial Officer  added: ""Through the first nine months of the year  we have grown revenues and operating income. This strong performance  including compounding growth in our recurring revenues across all three business segments is a testament to the power of our diverse business model. As we approach the end of 2022  we remain focused on extending our track record of growth and creating value for our stockholders.""*Constant currency (CC) percentage changes are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q21  1.3784 and 1.1788  respectively.Third Quarter 2022 Business HighlightsThird quarter consolidated net revenues were $1.8 billion  up 1% year-over-year including exchange net revenues of $1.0 billion  fixed income and data services revenues of $534 million and mortgage technology revenues of $276 million. Consolidated operating expenses were $898 million for the third quarter of 2022. On an adjusted basis  consolidated operating expenses were $727 million. Consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $913 million and the operating margin was 50%. On an adjusted basis  consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $1.1 billion and the adjusted operating margin was 60%.$ (in millions) Net Revenue Op Margin Adj Op Margin 3Q22 Exchanges $1 001 70% 72% Fixed Income and Data Services $534 37% 45% Mortgage Technology $276 6% 46% Consolidated $1 811 50% 60% 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Recurring Revenue $930 $888 5% Transaction Revenue  net $881 $914 (4)%Exchanges Segment ResultsThird quarter exchange net revenues were $1.0 billion. Exchange operating expenses were $301 million and on an adjusted basis  were $284 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $700 million and the operating margin was 70%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $717 million and the adjusted operating margin was 72%.$ (in millions) 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Const Curr(1) Revenue  net: Energy $266 $316 (16)% (13)% Ags and Metals 57 56 1% 2% Financials(2) 122 93 30% 46% Cash Equities and Equity Options 88 79 13% 13% OTC and Other(3) 121 84 45% 53% Data and Connectivity Services 219 208 6% 6% Listings 128 123 3% 3% Segment Revenue $1 001 $959 4% 8% Recurring Revenue $347 $331 5% 5% Transaction Revenue  net $654 $628 4% 9%(1) Net revenues in constant currency are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q21  1.3784 and 1.1788  respectively. (2) Financials include interest rates and other financial futures and options. (3) OTC & other includes physical energy  interest income on certain clearing margin deposits  regulatory penalties and fines  fees for use of our facilities  regulatory fees charged to member organizations of our U.S. securities exchanges  designated market maker service fees  technology development fees  exchange member fees  and agriculture grading and certification fees.Fixed Income and Data Services Segment ResultsThird quarter fixed income and data services revenues were $534 million. Fixed income and data services operating expenses were $337 million and adjusted operating expenses were $293 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $197 million and the operating margin was 37%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $241 million and the adjusted operating margin was 45%.$ (in millions) 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Const Curr(1) Revenue: Fixed Income Execution $26 $12 121% 122% CDS Clearing 88 51 72% 75% Fixed Income Data and Analytics 273 272 —% 2% Other Data and Network Services 147 142 4% 6% Segment Revenue $534 $477 12% 14% Recurring Revenue $420 $414 1% 3% Transaction Revenue $114 $63 81% 84%(1) Net revenues in constant currency are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q21  1.3784 and 1.1788  respectively.Mortgage Technology Segment ResultsThird quarter mortgage technology revenues were $276 million. Mortgage technology operating expenses were $260 million and adjusted operating expenses were $150 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $16 million and the operating margin was 6%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $126 million and the adjusted operating margin was 46%.$ (in millions) 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Revenue: Origination Technology $187 $245 (24)% Closing Solutions 53 88 (39)% Data and Analytics 22 19 22% Other 14 14 (8)% Segment Revenue $276 $366 (25)% Recurring Revenue $163 $143 14% Transaction Revenue $113 $223 (49)%Other MattersOperating cash flow through the third quarter of 2022 was $2.5 billion and adjusted free cash flow was $2.1 billion.Unrestricted cash was $1.2 billion and outstanding debt was $18.1 billion as of September 30  2022.The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2022 was 47%  primarily due to net losses from Bakkt.Through the third quarter of 2022  ICE repurchased $632 million of its common stock and paid $640 million in dividends. In connection with ICE's pending acquisition of Black Knight  on May 4  2022 ICE suspended its share repurchases.Updated Financial GuidanceICE's fourth quarter 2022 GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $890 million to $900 million. Adjusted operating expenses (1) are expected to be in a range of $730 million to $740 million.to $900 million. Adjusted operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $730 million to $740 million. ICE's fourth quarter 2022 GAAP non-operating expense (2) is expected to be in the range of $137 million to $142 million. Adjusted non-operating expense is expected to be in the range of $105 million to $110 million.is expected to be in the range of $137 million to $142 million. Adjusted non-operating expense is expected to be in the range of $105 million to $110 million. ICE's diluted share count for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of 558 million to 563 million weighted average shares outstanding.(1) 4Q22 non-GAAP operating expenses exclude amortization of acquisition-related intangibles  pending Black Knight acquisition costs  and Ellie Mae integration costs. (2) Non-operating income / expense includes interest income  interest expense and net other income. Non-GAAP non-operating expense excludes equity earnings from unconsolidated investees  net interest expense on pre-acquisition-related debt and costs associated with re-financing existing debt.Earnings Conference Call InformationICE will hold a conference call today  November 3  2022  at 8:30 a.m. ET to review its third quarter 2022 financial results. A live audio webcast of the earnings call will be available on the company's website at www.theice.com in the investor relations section. Participants may also listen via telephone by dialing 844-200-6205 from the United States or 929-526-1599 from outside of the United States. Telephone participants are required to provide the participant entry number 047703 and are recommended to call 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The call will be archived on the company's website for replay.The conference call for the fourth quarter 2022 earnings has been scheduled for February 2nd  2023 at 8:30 a.m. ET. Please refer to the Investor Relations website at www.ir.theice.com for additional information.Historical futures  options and cash ADV  rate per contract  open interest data and CDS cleared information can be found at: https://ir.theice.com/investor-resources/supplemental-information/default.aspxConsolidated Statements of Income (In millions  except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  Revenues: 2022 2021 2022 2021 Exchanges $ 4 824 $ 4 376 $ 1 577 $ 1 434 Fixed income and data services 1 555 1 403 534 477 Mortgage technology 880 1 061 276 366 Total revenues 7 259 6 840 2 387 2 277 Transaction-based expenses: Section 31 fees 332 204 158 38 Cash liquidity payments  routing and clearing 1 403 1 330 418 437 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses 5 524 5 306 1 811 1 802 Operating expenses: Compensation and benefits 1 058 1 093 344 374 Professional services 101 124 32 43 Acquisition-related transaction and integration costs 81 42 19 14 Technology and communication 513 495 169 168 Rent and occupancy 63 61 22 20 Selling  general and administrative 166 163 54 52 Depreciation and amortization 768 759 258 253 Total operating expenses 2 750 2 737 898 924 Operating income 2 774 2 569 913 878 Other income/(expense): Interest income 42 — 33 — Interest expense (440 ) (321 ) (176 ) (108 ) Other income/(expense)  net (1 132 ) 1 341 (1 097 ) 54 Other income/(expense)  net (1 530 ) 1 020 (1 240 ) (54 ) Income/(loss) before income tax expense/(benefit) 1 244 3 589 (327 ) 824 Income tax expense/(benefit) 186 1 049 (152 ) 187 Net income/(loss) $ 1 058 $ 2 540 $ (175 ) $ 637 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (37 ) (9 ) (16 ) (4 ) Net income/(loss) attributable to Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. $ 1 021 $ 2 531 $ (191 ) $ 633 Earnings/(loss) per share attributable to Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. common stockholders: Basic $ 1.83 $ 4.50 $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Diluted $ 1.82 $ 4.48 $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 559 563 558 563 Diluted 561 565 560 566Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions) As of September 30  2022 As of (Unaudited) December 31  2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 183 $ 607 Short-term restricted cash and cash equivalents 6 032 1 035 Cash and cash equivalent margin deposits and guaranty funds 156 789 145 936 Invested deposits  delivery contracts receivable and unsettled variation margin 7 902 4 493 Customer accounts receivable  net 1 248 1 208 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 558 1 021 Total current assets 173 712 154 300 Property and equipment  net 1 720 1 699 Other non-current assets: Goodwill 21 075 21 123 Other intangible assets  net 13 210 13 736 Long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents 405 398 Other non-current assets 1 170 2 246 Total other non-current assets 35 860 37 503 Total assets $ 211 292 $ 193 502 Liabilities and Equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 788 $ 703 Section 31 fees payable 58 57 Accrued salaries and benefits 274 354 Deferred revenue 315 194 Short-term debt 7 1 521 Margin deposits and guaranty funds 156 789 145 936 Invested deposits  delivery contracts payable and unsettled variation margin 7 902 4 493 Other current liabilities 188 153 Total current liabilities 166 321 153 411 Non-current liabilities: Non-current deferred tax liability  net 3 565 4 100 Long-term debt 18 113 12 397 Accrued employee benefits 189 200 Non-current operating lease liability 267 252 Other non-current liabilities 417 394 Total non-current liabilities 22 551 17 343 Total liabilities 188 872 170 754 Equity: Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. stockholders’ equity: Common stock 6 6 Treasury stock  at cost (6 224 ) (5 520 ) Additional paid-in capital 14 269 14 069 Retained earnings 14 731 14 350 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (403 ) (196 ) Total Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. stockholders’ equity 22 379 22 709 Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 41 39 Total equity 22 420 22 748 Total liabilities and equity $ 211 292 $ 193 502Non-GAAP Financial Measures and ReconciliationWe use non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions. When viewed in conjunction with our GAAP results and the accompanying reconciliation  we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and a greater understanding of factors affecting our financial condition and results of operations than GAAP measures alone. In addition  we believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for period-to-period comparison of results because the items described below as adjustments to GAAP are not reflective of our core business performance. These financial measures are not in accordance with  or an alternative to  GAAP financial measures and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. We use these adjusted results because we believe they more clearly highlight trends in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on GAAP financial measures  since these measures eliminate from our results specific financial items that have less bearing on our core operating performance. We strongly recommend that investors review the GAAP financial measures and additional non-GAAP information included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.Adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income attributable to ICE common stockholders  adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow for the periods presented below are calculated by adding or subtracting the adjustments described below  which are not reflective of our cash operations and core business performance  and their related income tax effect and other tax adjustments (in millions  except for per share amounts):Adjusted Operating Income  Operating Margin and Operating Expense Reconciliation (In millions) (Unaudited) Exchanges Segment Fixed Income and Data Services Segment Mortgage Technology Segment Consolidated Nine Months Ended September 30  Nine Months Ended September 30  Nine Months Ended September 30  Nine Months Ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses $3 089 $2 842 $1 555 $1 403 $880 $1 061 $5 524 $5 306 Operating expenses 904 977 1 029 1 010 817 750 2 750 2 737 Less: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 50 56 137 136 271 277 458 469 Less: Transaction and integration costs — 12 — — 79 28 79 40 Adjusted operating expenses $854 $909 $892 $874 $467 $445 $2 213 $2 228 Operating income $2 185 $1 865 $526 $393 $63 $311 $2 774 $2 569 Adjusted operating income $2 235 $1 933 $663 $529 $413 $616 $3 311 $3 078 Operating margin 71% 66% 34% 28% 7% 29% 50% 48% Adjusted operating margin 72% 68% 43% 38% 47% 58% 60% 58%Adjusted Operating Income  Operating Margin and Operating Expense Reconciliation (In millions) (Unaudited) Exchanges Segment Fixed Income and Data Services Segment Mortgage Technology Segment Consolidated Three Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses $1 001 $959 $534 $477 $276 $366 $1 811 $1 802 Operating expenses 301 330 337 338 260 256 898 924 Less: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 17 19 44 45 91 92 152 156 Less: Transaction and integration costs — 2 — — 19 11 19 13 Adjusted operating expenses $284 $309 $293 $293 $150 $153 $727 $755 Operating income $700 $629 $197 $139 $16 $110 $913 $878 Adjusted operating income $717 $650 $241 $184 $126 $213 $1 084 $1 047 Operating margin 70% 66% 37% 29% 6% 30% 50% 49% Adjusted operating margin 72% 68% 45% 39% 46% 58% 60% 58%Adjusted Net Income Attributable to ICE and EPS (In millions) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30  2022 Nine Months Ended September 30  2021 Net income attributable to ICE $ 1 021 $ 2 531 Add: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 458 469 Add: Transaction and integration costs 79 40 Add: Accelerated unamortized costs related to the early payoff of the June 2023 floating rate senior notes — 4 Add: Impairment on Bakkt equity method investment 40 — Add: Accrual relating to legal settlement 9 16 Add: Net interest expense on pre-acquisition-related debt 49 — Add: Extinguishment of 2022 and 2023 Senior Notes 30 — Less: Gain on sale and fair value adjustment of Euroclear equity investment and dividends received (41 ) (94 ) Less: Gain on sale of Coinbase equity investment — (1 227 ) Less: Gain related to the settlement of an acquisition-related indemnification claim — (7 ) Add/(Less): Net losses/(income) from unconsolidated investees 1 112 (42 ) Add/(Less): Income tax effect for the above items (478 ) 216 Add/(Less): Deferred tax adjustments on acquisition-related intangibles (3 ) 196 Adjusted net income attributable to ICE $ 2 276 $ 2 102 Basic earnings per share $ 1.83 $ 4.50 Diluted earnings per share $ 1.82 $ 4.48 Adjusted basic earnings per share $ 4.07 $ 3.74 Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 4.06 $ 3.72 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 559 563 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 561 565Adjusted Net Income Attributable to ICE and EPS (In millions) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30  2022 Three Months Ended September 30  2021 Net income/(loss) attributable to ICE $ (191 ) $ 633 Add: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 152 156 Add: Transaction and integration costs 19 13 Add: Accrual relating to legal settlement — 16 Add: Net interest expense on pre-acquisition-related debt 31 — Add: Accelerated unamortized costs related to the early payoff of the June 2023 floating rate senior notes — 4 Add: Impairment on Bakkt equity method investment 40 — Less: Gain on sale and fair value adjustment of Euroclear equity investment and dividends received — (64 ) Add/(Less): Net losses/(income) from unconsolidated investees 1 055 (8 ) Less: Income tax effect for the above items (355 ) (38 ) Less: Deferred tax adjustments on acquisition-related intangibles (18 ) (1 ) Adjusted net income attributable to ICE $ 733 $ 711 Basic earnings/(loss) per share $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Diluted earnings/(loss) per share $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Adjusted basic earnings per share $ 1.31 $ 1.26 Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 1.31 $ 1.26 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 558 563 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 560 566Adjusted Free Cash Flow Calculation (In millions) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30  2022 Nine Months Ended September 30  2021 Cash flow from operations $2 462 $2 130 Less: Capital expenditures and capitalized software development costs (325) (328) Add/(Less): Section 31 fees  net (1) 193 Adjusted free cash flow $2 136 $1 995About Intercontinental ExchangeIntercontinental Exchange  Inc. (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 company that designs  builds and operates digital networks to connect people to opportunity. We provide financial technology and data services across major asset classes that offer our customers access to mission-critical workflow tools that increase transparency and operational efficiencies. We operate exchanges  including the New York Stock Exchange  and clearing houses that help people invest  raise capital and manage risk across multiple asset classes. Our comprehensive fixed income data services and execution capabilities provide information  analytics and platforms that help our customers capitalize on opportunities and operate more efficiently. At ICE Mortgage Technology  we are transforming and digitizing the U.S. residential mortgage process  from consumer engagement through loan registration. Together  we transform  streamline and automate industries to connect our customers to opportunity.Trademarks of ICE and/or its affiliates include Intercontinental Exchange  ICE  ICE block design  NYSE and New York Stock Exchange. Information regarding additional trademarks and intellectual property rights of Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. and/or its affiliates is located at http://www.intercontinentalexchange.com/terms-of-use. Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant exchange website under the heading “Key Information Documents (KIDS).”Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 - Statements in this press release regarding ICE's business that are not historical facts are ""forward-looking statements"" that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  see ICE's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings  including  but not limited to  the risk factors in Intercontinental Exchange  Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  as filed with the SEC on February 3  2022. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made  and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of an unanticipated event. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for management to predict all factors that may affect our business and prospects. Further  management cannot assess the impact of each factor on the business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.SOURCE: Intercontinental ExchangeICE-CORP",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.09,0.66,True,English,"['Strong Third Quarter', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'Net Revenue Op Margin Adj Op Margin', 'Constant currency (CC) percentage changes', 'Third quarter consolidated net revenues', 'Third quarter exchange net revenues', 'U.S. securities exchanges', 'Chg Const Curr(1) Revenue', ""customers' risk management needs"", 'market maker service fees', 'Third Quarter 2022 Business Highlights', 'strong third quarter results', 'strong third quarter performance', 'ICE Chief Financial Officer', 'Data Services Segment Results', 'Third quarter fixed income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'adj. operating margin', 'clearing margin deposits', 'Exchanges Segment Results', 'Jeffrey C. Sprecher', 'leading global provider', 'less transaction-based expenses', 'first nine months', 'average exchange rate', 'Chg Recurring Revenue', 'three business segments', 'Consolidated operating expenses', 'Third quarter GAAP', 'GAAP financial measures', 'Adj. operating income', '3Q22 net revenues', 'adjusted operating expenses', 'Exchange operating expenses', 'free cash flow', '3Q22 operating margin', 'diverse business model', 'Consolidated operating income', 'other financial futures', 'exchange member fees', 'data services revenues', 'Segment operating income', 'technology development fees', 'mortgage technology revenues', '3Q22 operating income', 'strong performance', '3Q22 adj', 'financial results', 'Segment Revenue', 'consolidated revenues', 'net income', '3Q22 Exchanges', 'recurring revenues', 'net losses', '3Q22 GAAP', 'Transaction Revenue', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'market infrastructure', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Connectivity Services', 'Cash Equities', 'regulatory fees', 'member organizations', 'certification fees', 'interest income', 'mission-critical data', 'NEW YORK', 'track record', 'continued geopolitical', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'weather"" nature', 'liquid markets', 'macroeconomic environments', 'press release', 'Warren Gardiner', 'pound sterling', 'interest rates', 'regulatory penalties', 'agriculture grading', 'ICE Chair', 'Equity Options', 'physical energy', '+164 basis points', '+176 basis points', 'diluted EPS', 'ATLANTA', 'share', 'Bakkt', 'earnings', 'growth', 'backdrop', 'array', 'balance', 'year', 'innovation', 'value', 'stockholders', 'reconciliation', 'information', 'testament', 'power', 'end', 'euro', 'millions', 'Ags', 'Metals', 'Financials', 'OTC', 'Listings', '3Q21', 'fines', 'use', 'facilities']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12538,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548078/0/en/Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Copperstone-Resources-AB-PUBL.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Copperstone Resources AB (PUBL),Kiruna 3 November 2022  PRESS RELEASE  The shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are...,English SwedishKiruna 3 November 2022PRESS RELEASEThe shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the offices of Hannes Snellman Attorneys  Hamngatan 15  111 47 Stockholm. The registration opens at 1:30 p.m.Notice of attendance etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the extraordinary general meeting must be recorded in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022 and give notice of their participation by way of mail to the Company no later than on 28 November 2022 at 12:00 p.m. to Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  Sweden  or by way of e-mail: info@copperstone.se  stating “Extraordinary general meeting”. Upon notice of attendance  the shareholder’s name  social security number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  shareholding as well as information on advisors  if any (no more than two)  shall be stated.If participating by proxy  we are thankful if such proxy form is submitted already in connection with the notice of attendance. The proxy form may be no older than one year  however the proxy form may be older than one year if it is stated that it is valid for a longer period  however no more than five years. Proxy forms are provided shareholders upon request and are available at the Company and on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se. A person representing a legal entity is requested to present a copy of a certificate of registration or equivalent documentation of authority evidencing authorised signatory.A person having had their shares nominee registered must  in order to have the right to participate in the extraordinary general meeting  have the nominee register the shares in own name  so that the relevant shareholder is registered in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022. Such registration may be temporary. The shareholder must therefore contact its nominee well before this date in accordance with the nominee’s routines and request voting rights registration. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than on 25 November 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agendaElection of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination as to whether the extraordinary general meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the agenda. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors. Election of new member of the board of directors. Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directors. Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2. Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel. Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programs. Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeThe nomination committee consists of Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB)  Thomas von Koch (appointed by TomEnterprise AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB).Proposals for decisionsItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board  Jörgen Olsson  is elected chairman at the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022.Item 6: Resolution regarding the number of members of the board of directorsProposal that the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall consist of eight (8) members with no deputy board members  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder.Item 7: Election of new member of the board of directorsProposal that Per Colleen  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall be elected as member of the board of directors  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder. The other members of the nomination committee  Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB) have no objections regarding this proposal.Per Colleen has substantial experience from the finance industry inter alia as previous share manager of AP4 (2013-2021)  SEB Investment Management (2011-2013) and DnBNor (2008-2011). Today  Per Colleen works as CEO of TomEnterprise AB  TomEqt AB and Kinkon AB.Item 8: Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directorsAs a consequence of the proposal regarding election of a new member of the board of directors  the nomination committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  remuneration of in total SEK 200 000 shall be paid on an annual basis to the new board member from 1 December 2022.Item 9: Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2As previously communicated by way of press release  Copperstone has given the new CEO Henrik Ager an opportunity to acquire 10 000 000 warrants on market terms  as part of the remuneration package agreed between the Company and Henrik Ager. In order to adapt the existing incentive programs’ frameworks and allotment principles to the agreed transfer to Henrik Ager  an amendment is proposed to the earlier resolution from the general meeting regarding resale of warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1  according to resolution item (A) below  as well as a corresponding amendment to the allotment principles regarding warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2  according to resolution item (B) below. The proposal does not entail an issue of new warrants and consequently no change of dilutive effect  in relation to what was stated in the resolution of the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022. The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.(A) Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the “Subsidiary”)  before intended allotment to selected management and key personnel in the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than 2 500 000 warrants to the CEO.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution  in such manner that the number of warrants that may be transferred by the Subsidiary to the CEO is adjusted to 5 631 130 warrants. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 (and vice versa  please refer to the below).The above-mentioned resale to Henrik Ager entails that there are additional 1 228 870 warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program. The remaining warrants will be cancelled.(B) – Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary  before intended allotment to board members of the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer inter alia no more than 2 000 000 warrants to the board members.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution as follows. The warrants held by the Subsidiary within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2 shall be possible to transfer also to the CEO  whereby the number of warrants that may be transferred to the CEO shall be 4 368 870 warrants. These warrants have thus not been previously allotted to board members. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO  who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 (and vice versa  please refer to the above).The above-mentioned resale entails that there are no additional warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program.Item 10: Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnelFollowing allotment of warrants to the CEO in accordance with item 9 above  together with other allotments after the annual general meeting’s resolution on 18 May 2022  1 228 870 warrants remain in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which lapse on 18 December 2025. The board of directors intends to propose a new incentive program for management and key personnel ahead of the annual general meeting 2023 but deems it important to already before the annual general meeting 2023 be able to facilitate important recruitment of new staff and  for this purpose  have more warrants with appropriate maturity available than the aforementioned number. For this reason  the board wishes to create space for further allotments corresponding to in total 3 700 000 warrants  which increase and replace ongoing incentive programs. As the Company intends to cancel the above-mentioned remaining 1 228 870 warrants  this will thus correspond to a net increase of approximately 2 470 000 warrants  which entails a dilution of not more than 0.2 percent.Thus  the board of directors of Copperstone proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt a new incentive program for management and key personnel in the Company. This new incentive program will thus increase and partly replace the remaining warrants in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which will be cancelled. The new incentive program is proposed to be adopted by way of an issue of warrants to the Subsidiary in accordance with resolution item (A) below  as well as transfer to selected management and key personnel in accordance with resolution item (B). Resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.The board of directors assesses it as urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that management and key personnel have a long-term interest of a good value development of the Company’s share. A personal and long-term ownership commitment may be expected to contribute to an increased interest of the Company’s operations and results  as well as to increase the motivation for the participants’ and affinity with the Company and its shareholders.(A) – Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive ABThe board of directors proposes that a directed issue of warrants is carried out  by way of issuance of no more than 3 700 000 warrants of series 2022/2026. The subscription right to the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants shall be transferred to management and key personnel in the Company afterwards  in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason why the issue is proposed to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential right is thus to create incentives for management and key personnel to at all times work for the Company’s positive development  since these hold management roles or key roles in the Company and accordingly constitute an important part of the Company’s continued operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription right of one (1) share in the Company  to a subscription price per share corresponding to the current share price in connection with the extraordinary general meeting  as will be seen further in the board of directors’ complete proposal  multiplied with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms and conditions for the warrants  be enabled until and including 29 May 2026. In the event that all warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company’s registered share capital will be increased with SEK 370 000. The terms and conditions  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which will be set forth in the board of directors’ complete proposal  shall be applied regarding the warrants.(B) - Approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the CompanyFurthermore  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve that the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than in total 3 700 000 warrants to management or key personnel (or wholly owned companies by these persons) in the Company  with the distribution stated below.Position / Categories Number of warrants Management and other key personnel  including consultants on a permanent basis Maximum 1 000 000 warrants per person Newly employed management and key personnel Maximum 500 000 warrants per personThe warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time for transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (option premium). The calculation of the option premium to management shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert or shall be made on the basis of the expert’s valuation. Furthermore  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions.DilutionBased on the current number of shares in the Company  and with the assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of shares and that 1 228 870 warrants from Incentive program 2022/2025:1 will be cancelled  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program will not exceed 0.2 percent of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the Company’s current incentive programs).Costs for the incentive program and impact on important key figuresThe incentive program 2022/2026 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total costs for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. In addition to the costs for advisors  the board of directors assesses that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection to subscription of shares by exercising of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Furthermore  the Company may link salary-based bonuses to allotments in order to facilitate participation in the program  bonus costs of which in that case will fall within the Company’s ordinary personnel costs.The stated dilutive effect above refers to  in relation to the Company’s key figures  the dilution of the number of shares  and affects relevant key figures definitely if the Company’s value has risen to the degree that exercise is carried out during the maturity period. In such a case  the dilution should be counteracted by the fact that the Company  in the event of full exercise  would (based on the current share price) be added an amount of SEK 6 900 000.Earlier incentive programs in the CompanyThe Company currently has some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management  and some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include board members. All of the Company’s warrant programs are presented on the Company’s website and will be described in the board of directors’ complete proposal. In the event that the incentive program would be fully implemented within the now intended framework in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal above  the total numerical dilutive effect together with the existing warrant programs as per today will not exceed 5 percent. After the resale of warrants under ongoing Incentive program 2022/2025:1 to the new CEO Henrik Ager  1 228 870 warrants will remain in this incentive program. These 1 228 870 warrants will then be cancelled  which entails that the dilution following the proposed incentive program is mitigated.Majority requirementsResolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above stated  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 11: Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programsCopperstone has  on the annual general meeting on 20 May 2020  resolved to issue 16 250 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2020/2023  of which the warrant terms and conditions subsequently was partly amended and converted to Incentive program 2020/2023bis  on the annual general meeting on 19 May 2021 resolved to issue 10 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:1 and to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:2  and on the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary before intended allotment and resale to selected management and key personnel or board members.All warrants under the above-mentioned incentive programs are governed by identical warrant terms and conditions  apart from some certain program specific details. For the purpose of facilitating so-called partial exercise of warrants under the Company’s ongoing incentive programs  i.e. that an option holder may exercise warrants for subscription of shares at more than one occasion and to a lower number than maximum  the Company’s board of directors proposes  with reference to item 10 in the warrant terms and conditions respectively  that the warrant terms and conditions regarding the warrants in the above-mentioned incentive programs for practical reasons are amended  in the manner that it facilitates for the option holder to subscribe for shares that the warrants are entitling to at multiple different subscription occasions. This change of terms and conditions is assessed to be appropriate and to all option holders’ benefit.For a valid resolution according to this item  it is required that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder requests it and the board of directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the extraordinary general meeting regarding any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial position as well as the Company’s relationship to another group company.DocumentsComplete resolution proposals pursuant to the above  including relevant statements  will be presented on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se  and be kept available at Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  no later than three weeks before the extraordinary general meeting and be sent to shareholders who so wishes and state their postal address.Shares and votesThe Company may issue shares of one class. In total  there are 1 330 093 009 shares and votes in the Company. Each share in the Company carries one vote at the extraordinary general meeting. The Company does not hold any own shares._____________________Kiruna in November 2022Copperstone Resources AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contactChairman of the board Jörgen Olsson on +46 (0) 703 - 420 570E-mail: jorgen.olsson@copperstone.seinfo@copperstone.se or www.copperstone.seAbout CopperstoneCopperstone Resources AB is a company now scaling up to become a modern and responsibly producing mining company through the reopening of the Viscaria mine in Kiruna  Sweden. The deposit’s high copper grade assessed mineral resources  geographical location and growing team of experts provides good opportunities to become a key supplier of quality and responsibly produced copper – a metal that plays a critical role in Sweden’s and Europe’s climate change towards an electrified society. In addition to the Viscaria mine  Copperstone holds a number of other exploitation concessions and exploration permits in Arvidsjaur (Eva  Svartliden  Granliden) and Smedjebacken (Tvistbogruvan)  all in Sweden. The parent company’s shares are traded on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker COPP B). Augment Partners is the company’s Certified Adviser  info@augment.se  +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'Notice', 'PUBL', 'next annual general meeting', 'subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Hannes Snellman Attorneys', 'Håkan Eriksson', 'Thomas von Koch', 'Håkan Roos', 'Jörgen Olsson', 'Voting rights registrations', 'earlier incentive programs', 'previous share manager', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'social security number', 'SEB Investment Management', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy board members', 'voting list', 'JOHECO AB', 'TomEnterprise AB', 'RoosGruppen AB', 'TomEqt AB', 'Kinkon AB', 'share register', 'English Swedish', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Fasadvägen', 'telephone number', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documentation', 'authorised signatory', 'Such registration', 'two persons', 'allotment principles', 'key personnel', 'Nomination committee', 'Per Colleen', 'substantial experience', 'finance industry', 'new member', 'proxy form', 'eight (8) members', 'other members', 'one year', 'relevant shareholder', 'company holdings', 'longer period', 'Company shareholder', 'shares nominee', 'Kiruna', 'shareholders', '1 December', 'offices', 'Hamngatan', '47 Stockholm', 'Notice', 'attendance', '23 November', 'participation', 'way', 'mail', '28 November', 'publ', 'name', 'address', 'shareholding', 'information', 'advisors', 'connection', 'request', 'website', 'copy', 'certificate', 'authority', 'order', 'date', 'accordance', 'routines', '25 November', 'account', 'presentation', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adaptation', 'warrants', 'adoption', 'transfer', 'adjustment', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'decisions', 'Item', 'objections', 'AP4', 'DnBNor', 'CEO', 'consequence', '2:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12539,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-q3-2022-results-164500227.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Story continuesReported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.38,0.42,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'continued cost disciplin', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'Listing revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'debt listing', 'net income', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'derivatives', 'Custody', 'activity', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'Story', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12541,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/isofol-appoints-nomination-committee-ahead-of-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-301667823.html,Isofol appoints nomination committee ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 have been appointed in accorda…","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 have been appointed in accordance with the principles for appointing nomination committees that were adopted at the Annual General Meeting on May 19  2022.According to the instructions for appointment of the nomination committee for Isofol Medical AB (publ)  the nomination committee shall consist of three members  representatives appointed by the three largest shareholders in the company in terms of the number of votes based on the share register or other reliable information provided by Euroclear Sweden AB as of September 30  2022. Another nomination committee member may be appointed by minority shareholders representing at least 10 percent of the votes. The chairman of the nomination committee shall consist of the largest shareholder in terms of votes at the time of the nomination committee's appearance  unless the nomination committee agrees otherwise  and may not consist of the chairman of the board or another board member. The chairman of the board shall not be part of the nomination committee  but is normally a co-opted member at its meetings.The nomination committee ahead of the AGM 2023 consists of the following members:Lars Lind   chairman of the nomination committee   appointed by Hans Enocsson representing approximately 2.82 percent of the shares and votes     appointed by Hans Enocsson representing approximately 2.82 percent of the shares and votes  Malin Björkmo   appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder representing approximately 1.97 percent of the shares and votes  and  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder representing approximately 1.97 percent of the shares and votes  and Johan Möller  appointed by Bengt Halse representing about 1.31 percent of the shares and votesIn addition  representatives of minority owners representing approximately 12.51 percent of votes and shares have appointed Matsola Palm.The members of the nomination committee are appointed by owners who represent a total of about 18.61 percent of the total number of shares and votes in Isofol Medical AB (publ) according to the ownership conditions as of September 30  2022.Information about the nomination committee's work and the instructions to the nomination committee can be found on the company website under the section for Corporate Governance. The nomination committee's proposal will be presented in the summons to the annual general meeting 2023 and on the company's website  www.isofolmedical.com.Shareholders who wish to submit proposals to the nomination committee shall do this in writing by sending an e-mail to [email protected] (heading: ""Isofol's nomination committee"") or by mail to the following address:Isofol Medical AB (publ)Att. ValberedningenArvid Wallgrens Backe 20413 46 GOTHENBURGSWEDENAny proposals must be received by the nomination committee no later than March 12  2023  to be included in the notice and agenda for the Annual General Meeting 2023.For more information  please contactJan Törnell  chairman of the boardE-mail: [email protected]Isofol Medical AB (publ)Jarl Ulf Jungnelius  M.D.  CEOE-mail: [email protected]Telephone: +46 709-16 89 55The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 15:15 CET  on November 3  2022.About Isofol Medical AB (publ)Isofol Medical AB (publ) is a clinical stage biotech company that is developing and improving current standards of care for people living with cancer by increasing the efficacy of the current chemotherapeutic standards of care. Isofol is focused on developing a first line treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and seeks to elevate current clinical practice by unlocking the full strength of 5-FU with the addition of arfolitixorin. Isofol holds a worldwide exclusive licensing agreement with Merck & Cie  Schaffhausen  Germany to develop and commercialize arfolitixorin for use in oncology. Isofol Medical AB (publ) is traded on Nasdaq Stockholm.www.isofolmedical.comThe following files are available for download:SOURCE Isofol Medical AB (publ)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'nomination committee', 'Isofol', 'worldwide exclusive licensing agreement', 'clinical stage biotech company', 'SOURCE Isofol Medical AB', 'current clinical practice', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Malin Björkmo', 'Jan Törnell', 'Jarl Ulf Jungnelius', 'first line treatment', 'Johan Möller', 'current chemotherapeutic standards', 'metastatic colorectal cancer', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other reliable information', 'three largest shareholders', 'nomination committee member', 'current standards', 'M.D.', 'nomination committees', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'three members', 'share register', 'minority shareholders', 'Lars Lind', 'Hans Enocsson', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Bengt Halse', 'Matsola Palm', 'ownership conditions', 'Corporate Governance', 'following address', 'Att. Valberedningen', 'Arvid Wallgrens', 'contact person', 'full strength', 'following files', 'following members', 'minority owners', 'company website', 'board member', 'total number', 'GOTHENBURG', 'publ', 'accordance', 'principles', 'May', 'instructions', 'appointment', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'September', '10 percent', 'chairman', 'time', 'appearance', 'part', 'meetings', 'AGM', '2.82 percent', 'shares', '1.97 percent', '1.31 percent', 'addition', '12.51 percent', '18.61 percent', 'work', 'section', 'proposal', 'summons', 'writing', 'mail', 'March', 'notice', 'agenda', 'CEO', 'Telephone', 'agency', '15:15 CET', 'November', 'care', 'people', 'efficacy', 'mCRC', '5-FU', 'arfolitixorin', 'Merck', 'Cie', 'Schaffhausen', 'Germany', 'oncology', 'download']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,prnewswire.com
12542,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548096/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q3-2022-results.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45  Lisbon...,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .. Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.3,0.45,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'derivatives clearing activity', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Listing revenue', 'Net debt', 'debt listing', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'l6 Revenue', 'net income', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'proprietary trading', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'Custody', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12547,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Quc20rstor#corporateactions… https://t.co/26XOibyJQ5,nan,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Quc20rstor#corporateactions… https://t.co/26XOibyJQ5,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Quc20rstor', 'corporateactions', 'Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Quc20rstor', 'corporateactions']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12548,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Ks2QdXuDBd#corporateactions… https://t.co/QPiCNr5VOs,nan,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Ks2QdXuDBd#corporateactions… https://t.co/QPiCNr5VOs,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Ks2QdXuDBd', 'QPiCNr5VOs', 'Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Ks2QdXuDBd', 'QPiCNr5VOs']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12549,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/O4gQjrv0ED,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/O4gQjrv0ED,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12553,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3901650-clearstream-energy-services-gaap-eps-of-0_01-revenue-of-171_9m,ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M (OTCMKTS:NWPIF),ClearStream Energy Services press release  (NWPIF): Q3  GAAP EPS of $0.01.Revenue of $171.9M (+58.3% Y/Y).Gross profit for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $20.6...,To ensure this doesn’t happen in the future  please enable Javascript and cookies in your browser.If you have an ad-blocker enabled you may be blocked from proceeding. Please disable your ad-blocker and refresh.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', '0.01, revenue', 'NWPIF', 'future', 'Javascript', 'cookies', 'browser', 'ad-blocker', 'refresh']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,seekingalpha.com
12554,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548398/0/en/ClearStream-Announces-Third-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results.html,ClearStream Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results,Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 million        CALGARY  Alberta  Nov.  03  2022  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --...,"Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 millionCALGARY  Alberta  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the ""Company"") (TSX: CSM) today announced its results for the nine months ended September 30  2022. All amounts are in Canadian dollars and expressed in thousands of dollars unless otherwise noted.“EBITDAS” and “Adjusted EBITDAS” are not standard measures under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of these items and limitations of their use.“The high level of activity that we experienced in the second quarter continued in the third quarter as we reported revenues of $171.9 million  largely unchanged from the record set in the second quarter. Revenues for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30  2022 increased by 58% from the same periods in 2021 as the market recovery from the pandemic lows continued ” said Barry Card  Chief Executive Officer.“In the third quarter  we successfully completed an additional 10 turnaround projects to build and maintain the integrity of our customers’ infrastructure. When combined with the second quarter  we completed a total of 30 turnaround projects. We were able to recruit and grow our workforce to over 4 000 employees at the peak  to complete these projects. The commitment of our employees to safety allowed these projects to be delivered on time and with no incidents  representing best in class performance ” added Mr. Card.HIGHLIGHTSRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $171.9 million  representing an increase of $63.3 million or 58.2% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $1.3 million or 0.8% from Q2 2022.Gross profit for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $20.6 million  representing an increase of $8.5 million or 70.1% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.9 million or 31.3% from Q2 2022.Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0%  as compared to 11.2% in Q3 2021 and 9.1% in Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $12.4 million  representing an increase of $6.4 million or 107.3% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.5 million or 56.6% from Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 7.2%  representing an increase of 1.7% from Q3 2021 and an increase of 2.6% from Q2 2022.Selling  general and administrative expenses for three months ended September 30  2022 were $10.0 million  representing an increase of $2.7 million or 36.5% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $0.2 million or 1.8% from Q2 2022. The increase is largely due to our business recovering and stabilizing in 2022  therefore  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022. In addition  2022 expenses are higher than 2021 due to ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness.Liquidity  including cash and available credit facilities  was $21.6 million at September 30  2022  as compared to $33.7 million at December 31  2021.New contract awards and renewals totaled approximately $350.0 million for the three months ended September 30  2022 and $12.0 million for the month of October 2022. Approximately 40% of the work is expected to be completed in the next 12 months.Maintenance and Construction ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $159.3 million  representing an increase of $60.0 million or 60.4% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.9 million or 0.6% from Q2 2022. The increase relative to Q3 2021 was due to the completion of an additional 10 turnaround projects in the third quarter  which included two large projects. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 11.2%  an increase of 2.7% from Q2 2022 and 2.0% from Q3 2021. We continue to focus on consolidating various scopes of work with existing or new customers by bundling our services in order to enable more efficient execution and lower costs for our customers on each work site.Wear Technology Overlay ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $14.0 million  representing an increase of $3.5 million or 33.6% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.3 million or 2.2% from Q2 2022. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 19.1%  an increase of 4.5% from Q2 2022 and a decrease of 9.0% from Q3 2021. The decrease relative to Q3 2021 was primarily due to the mix of business  job margins being lower for certain projects and an increase in material costs. With the continued rise in global energy demand and commodity prices  we are seeing our customers in the oil sands operating at full production levels  which has started to increase the demand for our AssetArmorTM products.Environmental ServicesWe continue to enhance our professional services capabilities to service our growing customer base in this market segment. Our customers continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada as they increase their focus on ESG (environmental  social and governance) matters. We expect this trend to continue notwithstanding the expiry of the government-funded programs at the end of 2022.CorporateOn September 23  2022  Murray Desrosiers  Senior Vice President and General Counsel  was appointed Senior Vice President  Legal and Corporate Development. In this new role  Murray will be responsible for the coordination and delivery of legal services  insurance  corporate development and strategic planning.Also on September 23  2022  Angela Thompson  Vice President  Environmental and Project Services was appointed Vice President  Corporate Services. In this new role  Angela will be responsible for Business Development and Proposals  Marketing and Communications  and will continue to lead Project Services (Project Controls  Estimating  and Supply Chain Management) and Environmental Services.THIRD QUARTER 2022 FINANCIAL RESULTS($ millions  except per share amounts)Three months endedSeptember 30  Nine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 % Change 2022 2021 % Change Revenue Maintenance and Construction Services 159.3 99.4 60.4 % 419.0 260.6 60.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 14.0 10.4 33.6 % 40.6 28.8 40.9 % Eliminations(1) (1.4 ) (1.2 ) 20.7 % (4.7 ) (2.0 ) 134.6 % Total 171.9 108.6 58.2 % 454.9 287.4 58.3 % Gross Profit Maintenance and Construction Services 17.9 9.2 95.5 % 38.9 22.7 71.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.7 2.9 (9.3 )% 7.1 8.0 (10.4 )% Total 20.6 12.1 70.1 % 46.1 30.6 50.5 % Gross Profit Margin (% of revenue) Maintenance and Construction Services 11.3 % 9.2 % 2.0 % 9.3 % 8.7 % 0.6 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 19.1 % 28.2 % (9.0 )% 17.6 % 27.6 % (10.1 )% Total 12.0 % 11.2 % 0.8 % 10.1 % 10.6 % (0.5 )% Selling  general and administrative expenses 10.0 7.3 36.5 % 27.8 19.9 40.1 % % of revenue 5.8 % 6.7 % (0.9 )% 6.1 % 6.9 % — % Adjusted EBITDAS(2) Maintenance and Construction Services 17.8 9.1 95.2 % 38.6 22.8 69.4 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.6 2.9 (9.4 )% 6.9 7.7 (10.7 )% Corporate (8.0 ) (6.0 ) 33.6 % (22.2 ) (17.8 ) (24.3 )% Total 12.4 6.0 107.3 % 23.3 12.7 84.1 % % of revenue 7.2 % 5.5 % 1.7 % 5.1 % 4.4 % 0.7 % Income (loss) from continuing operations 1.2 (2.2 ) (152.7 )% (7.6 ) (9.3 ) (18.5 )% Net income (loss) per share (dollars) from continuing operations (basic and diluted) 0.01 (0.02 ) (152.7 )% (0.07 ) (0.08 ) — %(1) The eliminations includes eliminations of inter-segment transactions. ClearStream accounts for inter-segment sales based on transaction price.(2) ""Adjusted EBITDAS” is not a standard measure under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of this measure and limitations of its use.Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $171 883 and $454 927 compared to $108 647 and $287 447 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 58.2% and 58.3%. The increase in revenue was driven by the strong market momentum in 2022  representing an increase in activity across all areas of the business with the largest increase occurring in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment.Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was $20 617 and $46 059 compared to $12 124 and $30 610 for the same periods of 2021  representing an increase of 70.1% and 50.5%  respectively. Gross profit margin for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0% and 10.1% compared to 11.2% and 10.6% for the same periods in 2021. The increase in gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily driven by an increase in the volume of work in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment combined with the recovery of the increased costs realized in the business  which have been built into contracts collaboratively with our customers.Selling  general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $9 970 and $27 821  in comparison to $7 302 and $19 856 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 36.5% and 40.1%  respectively. As a percentage of revenue  SG&A expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were 5.8% and 6.1% compared to 6.7% and 6.9% for the same periods in 2021. Consistent with the last three quarters of 2021  the increase in SG&A expenses is partially due to the ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy. These investments  which will extend throughout 2022  are expected to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness. In addition  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022.For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  Adjusted EBITDAS was $12 381 and $23 296 compared to $5 973 and $12 653 for the same periods in 2021. As a percentage of revenue  Adjusted EBITDAS was 7.2% and 5.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to 5.5% and 4.4% for the same periods in 2021.Income from government subsidies includes the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (""CEWS"") and the Canada Emergency Rent Subsidy (""CERS"") received from the Government of Canada to assist with the payment of employee wages and rent as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CEWS and CERS programs ended in 2021. Therefore  the Company did not have any income from government subsidies during the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $143 and $11 313 for the three and nine months ended September 30  2021.Income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $1 174 and loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30  2022 was $7 582 in comparison to losses of $2 227 and $9 300 for the same periods in 2021. The income variance was driven by a significant improvement in gross profit for the Maintenance and Construction Services segment and the impairment of right-of-use assets recognized in 2021  partially offset by the reduction in government subsidies in 2022  an increase in SG&A expenses and an increase in restructuring expenses.LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESOn October 5  2022  ClearStream amended its asset-based revolving credit facility (the “ABL Facility”) with a Canadian charted bank to increase the maximum borrowings available thereunder to $50 million. The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025. The expanded ABL Facility will provide additional working capital needed to finance the higher level of activity experienced in 2022.The Company anticipates that its liquidity (cash on hand and available credit facilities) and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet its short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with its financial covenants through September 30  2023.As at September 30  2022  issued and outstanding share capital included 110 001 239 common shares  127 732 Series 1 preferred shares  and 40 111 Series 2 preferred shares.The Series 1 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $127.732 million) are convertible at the option of the holder into common shares at a price of $0.35/share and the Series 2 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $40.111 million) are convertible into common shares at a price of $0.10/share.The Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares have a 10% fixed cumulative preferential cash dividend payable when the Company has sufficient monies to be able to do so  including under the provisions of applicable law and contracts affecting the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends until such times as the Company's balance sheet and liquidity position supports the payment. As at September 30  2022  the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series 1 and Series 2 shares totaled $72.4 million. Any accrued and unpaid dividends are convertible in certain circumstances at the option of the holder into additional Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares.OUTLOOKThe return of global energy demand and the reality of a multi-year period of upstream oil and natural gas underinvestment has resulted in a shortage of oil and natural gas and higher commodity prices  providing a promising outlook for the services industry. The war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russian hydrocarbons have exacerbated the challenged supply situation and many importing countries are looking for alternative sources of supply  including North America  to fill the gap. At current commodity price levels  we anticipate continued high demand for our services as customers seek to maintain or incrementally grow production levels. However  broad economic concerns exist with respect to inflation  rising interest rates and geopolitical instability  the combination of which may lead to a global recession. These concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers.Despite some recent weakness  the pricing for commodities in the end markets we serve continues to be strong. While our customers have been prioritizing debt repayment and returns to shareholders  they are starting to increase spending on both maintenance projects (to enhance operational reliability) and capital projects (to maintain or expand production capacity). We expect activity levels to remain strong for the remainder of 2022.ClearStream's business model continues to prove its resilience as we are working closely with our customers to help them effectively manage their operations. Our organic growth strategy involves cross-selling our suite of more than 40 services that encompass the full asset lifecycle to generate efficiencies and cost reductions for our customers and further expanding our reach into industrial markets. We are also continually working to improve our service delivery to anticipate our customer’s requirements and proactively meet their needs.Additional InformationOur unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 and the related Management's Discussion and Analysis of the operating and financial results can be accessed on our website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca and will be available shortly through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.About ClearStream Energy Services Inc.With a legacy of excellence and experience stretching back more than 50 years  ClearStream provides solutions for the Energy and Industrial markets including: Oil & Gas  Petrochemical  Mining  Power  Agriculture  Forestry  Infrastructure and Water Treatment. With offices strategically located across Canada and a dedicated workforce  we provide maintenance  construction  wear technology and environmental services that keep our clients moving forward. For more information about ClearStream  please visit www.clearstreamenergy.ca or contact:Randy Watt Barry Card Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer ClearStream Energy Services Inc. ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (587) 318-0997 (587) 318-0997 rwatt@clearstreamenergy.ca bcard@clearstreamenergy.caAdvisory regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information included in this Press Release may constitute “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. In some cases  forward-looking information can be identified by terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “estimate”  “predict”  “potential”  “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. This press release contains forward-looking information relating to: our business plans  strategies and objectives; contract renewals and project awards  including the estimated value thereof and the timing of completing the associated work; that the demand for our AssetArmorTM products will increase as customers increase production levels; that customers will continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada; that the investments being made to support our enterprise systems and digital strategy will drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness; the sufficiency of our liquidity and cash flow from operations to meet our short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with our financial covenants through September 30  2023; our dividend policy; the supply/demand fundamentals for oil and natural gas and its impact on the demand for our services; the pricing outlook for commodities in the end markets we serve; that broad economic concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers; that our customers will increase spending on both maintenance and capital projects; and activity levels for the remainder of 2022.Forward-looking information involves significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking information including  but not limited to  the success of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic  compliance with debt covenants  access to credit facilities and other sources of capital for working capital requirements and capital expenditure needs  availability of labour  dependence on key personnel  economic conditions  commodity prices  interest rates  regulatory change  weather and risks related to the integration of acquired businesses. These factors should not be considered exhaustive. Risks and uncertainties about ClearStream’s business are more fully discussed in ClearStream’s disclosure materials  including its annual information form and management’s discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com. In formulating the forward-looking information  management has assumed that business and economic conditions affecting ClearStream will continue substantially in the ordinary course  including  without limitation  with respect to general levels of economic activity  regulations  taxes and interest rates. Although the forward-looking information is based on what management of ClearStream consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to it  there can be no assurance that actual events or results will be consistent with this forward-looking information  and management’s assumptions may prove to be incorrect.This forward-looking information is made as of the date of this press release  and ClearStream does not assume any obligation to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances except as required by law. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.Advisory regarding Non-Standard MeasuresThe terms ‘‘EBITDAS’’ and “Adjusted EBITDAS” (collectively  the ‘‘Non-standard measures’’) are financial measures used in this press release that are not standard measures under IFRS. ClearStream’s method of calculating the Non-Standard Measures may differ from the methods used by other issuers. Therefore  ClearStream’s Non-Standard Measures  as presented may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.EBITDAS refers to net earnings determined in accordance with IFRS  before depreciation and amortization  interest expense  income tax expense (recovery) and long-term incentive plan expenses. EBITDAS is used by management and the directors of ClearStream as well as many investors to determine the ability of an issuer to generate cash from operations. Management also uses EBITDAS to monitor the performance of ClearStream’s reportable segments and believes that in addition to net income or loss and cash provided by operating activities  EBITDAS is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures and income taxes. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Adjusted EBITDAS refers to EBITDAS excluding impairment of goodwill and intangible assets  restructuring expense  gain (loss) on sale of property  plant and equipment  loss of contingent consideration liability  one time incurred expenses  impairment of right-of-use assets and government subsidies. ClearStream has used Adjusted EBITDAS as the basis for the analysis of its past operating financial performance. Adjusted EBITDAS is a measure that management believes (i) is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures  and income taxes  and (ii) facilitates the comparability of the results of historical periods and the analysis of its operating financial performance which may be useful to investors. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Investors are cautioned that the Non-Standard Measures are not alternatives to measures under IFRS and should not  on their own  be construed as an indicator of performance or cash flows  a measure of liquidity or as a measure of actual return on the shares. These Non-Standard Measures should only be used with reference to ClearStream’s consolidated interim and annual financial statements available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com or on ClearStream’s website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.3,0.37,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'ClearStream', 'Wear Technology Overlay Services', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'available credit facilities', 'full production levels', 'growing customer base', 'professional services capabilities', 'New contract awards', 'global energy demand', 'Gross profit margin', 'two large projects', 'additional 10 turnaround projects', 'nine month periods', 'Construction Services', 'Environmental Services', 'nine months', 'same periods', '30 turnaround projects', 'EBITDAS margin', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'standard measures', 'press release', 'high level', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'market recovery', 'pandemic lows', 'Barry Card', 'class performance', 'Mr. Card.', 'cost reductions', 'previous years', 'increased volume', 'ongoing investments', 'enterprise systems', 'digital strategy', 'longer-term efficiencies', 'cost competitiveness', 'next 12 months', 'various scopes', 'efficient execution', 'lower costs', 'job margins', 'material costs', 'continued rise', 'commodity prices', 'oil sands', 'AssetArmorTM products', 'market segment', 'three months', 'new customers', 'Canadian dollars', 'Adjusted EBITDAS', 'administrative expenses', 'customers’ infrastructure', 'work site', 'quarterly revenues', '2022 expenses', 'CALGARY', 'Alberta', 'Company', 'CSM', 'results', 'amounts', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'Advisory', 'end', 'description', 'items', 'limitations', 'use', 'activity', 'record', 'integrity', 'total', 'workforce', '4,000 employees', 'peak', 'commitment', 'safety', 'time', 'incidents', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Q3', 'decrease', 'Q2', 'Selling', 'general', 'business', 'elements', 'order', 'Liquidity', 'cash', 'September', 'December', 'renewals', 'October', 'Maintenance', 'completion', 'existing', 'mix', '11.', '4.5', '9.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12557,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,$NWPIF NEW ARTICLE : ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/sg4PKY0JmY Get… https://t.co/BlqSWwBZyj,nan,$NWPIF NEW ARTICLE : ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/sg4PKY0JmY Get… https://t.co/BlqSWwBZyj,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '$0.01, revenue', 'BlqSWwBZyj', 'ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '$0.01, revenue', 'BlqSWwBZyj']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12558,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,$NWPIF $CSM:CA - ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/bJkzQggxeX,nan,$NWPIF $CSM:CA - ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/bJkzQggxeX,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'CA', '1, revenue', 'ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'CA', '1, revenue']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12559,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@wintruzareiks Les places du type Clearstream,nan,@wintruzareiks Les places du type Clearstream,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['wintruzareiks', 'places', 'type', 'Clearstream', 'wintruzareiks', 'places', 'type', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12560,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@babade_PA @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream D’oh that… https://t.co/MXEyHShac0,nan,@babade_PA @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream D’oh that… https://t.co/MXEyHShac0,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['babade_PA', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'MXEyHShac0', 'babade_PA', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'MXEyHShac0']",2022-11-02,2022-11-04,Unknown
12561,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@jaapdeheer @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream Technical… https://t.co/zD2i7fN0Al,nan,@jaapdeheer @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream Technical… https://t.co/zD2i7fN0Al,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Clearstream Technical', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'Clearstream Technical', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022']",2022-11-02,2022-11-04,Unknown
12562,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@WtH_0803 @babade_PA @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream My MGNT DR… https://t.co/b8XBMgFZor,nan,@WtH_0803 @babade_PA @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream My MGNT DR… https://t.co/b8XBMgFZor,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['MGNT DR', 'WtH', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'MGNT DR', 'WtH', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022']",2022-11-02,2022-11-04,Unknown
12563,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@babade_PA @jaapdeheer @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream In total… https://t.co/NDzOrPi3yY,nan,@babade_PA @jaapdeheer @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream In total… https://t.co/NDzOrPi3yY,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['babade_PA', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'total', 'NDzOrPi3yY', 'babade_PA', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'total', 'NDzOrPi3yY']",2022-11-02,2022-11-04,Unknown
12564,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/3eXW7VcYuL,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/3eXW7VcYuL,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic', '4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic']",2022-11-02,2022-11-04,Unknown
12566,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/qontigo-licenses-istoxx-world-min-121000754.html,Qontigo licenses iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to LGIM for pension fund mandate,Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large...,"ZUG  Switzerland  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large pension fund mandate. This index is based on STOXX's broadest equity universe  the STOXX World AC (All Countries)  including both Developed and Emerging Markets and incorporates both proprietary ESG data provided by LGIM and data from ISS ESG.""Investing in minimum volatility strategies has traditionally come at the cost of potentially poorer ESG outcomes compared with standard market cap benchmarks. However  this new solution can allow the investor to enhance their environmental objectives  improve ESG profiles and achieve a net zero decarbonization pathway  while also targeting a lower risk profile than a broad market benchmark. The research process was a truly collaborative effort carried out by LGIM  the client and Qontigo who shared the same vision. We are pleased to have created an innovative solution which incorporates LGIM's ESG framework "" said Fadi Zaher  Head of Index Solutions at Legal & General Investment Management.""Investors in general  and pension trustees in particular  increasingly need to meet a higher number of objectives in their investment allocations. This is particularly true of sustainability criteria and  given the market backdrop  a defensive positioning. The iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG index is an example of how we can embed multiple requirements  and incorporate the most appropriate third-party data  into a rules-based  passive strategy. The index methodology also incorporates risk mitigation with the help of our Axioma optimizer "" said Axel Lomholt  Chief Product Officer  Indices & Benchmarks at Qontigo.Qontigo's iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index tracks the performance of an optimized minimum variance portfolio that tilts towards companies that exhibit low volatility  favorable fundamentals  and superior ESG scores. The index is constructed in two steps: first by creating a minimum variance portfolio based on the STOXX World index  and second by improving the Climate and ESG profiles of this portfolio. The index rules ensure tradability  diversification  and positive exposure to fundamental quality.Story continuesAbout QontigoQontigo is a leading global provider of innovative index  analytics and risk solutions that optimize investment impact. As the shift toward sustainable investing accelerates  Qontigo enables its clients—financial-products issuers  asset owners and asset managers—to deliver sophisticated and targeted solutions at scale to meet the increasingly demanding and unique sustainability goals of investors worldwide.Qontigo's solutions are enhanced by both our collaborative  customer-centric culture  which allows us to create tailored solutions for our clients  and our open architecture and modern technology that efficiently integrate with our clients' processes.Part of the Deutsche Börse Group  Qontigo was created in 2019 through the combination of Axioma  DAX and STOXX. Headquartered in Eschborn  Germany  Qontigo's global presence includes offices in New York  London  Zug and Hong Kong. www.qontigo.comAbout STOXXSTOXX Ltd. is Qontigo's global index provider  currently calculating a global  comprehensive index family of about 13 000 strictly rules-based and transparent indices. Best known for the leading European equity indices EURO STOXX 50  STOXX Europe 50 and STOXX Europe 600  STOXX Ltd. maintains and calculates the STOXX Global index family which consists of total market  broad and blue-chip indices for the regions Americas  Europe  Asia/Pacific and sub-regions Latin America and BRIC (Brazil  Russia  India and China) as well as global markets.STOXX is the administrator of the STOXX® and DAX® indices under the European Benchmark Regulation and exercises control over all benchmark administration processes within Qontigo.STOXX indices are licensed to more than 600 companies around the world as underlyings for Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)  futures and options  structured products and passively managed investment funds.Legal disclaimer:STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers do not make any warranties or representations  express or implied  with respect to the timeliness  sequence  accuracy  completeness  currentness  merchantability  quality or fitness for any particular purpose of its index data and exclude any liability in connection therewith. STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers are not providing investment advice through the publication of indices or in connection therewith. In particular  the inclusion of a company in an index  its weighting  or the exclusion of a company from an index  does not in any way reflect an opinion of STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers on the merits of that company. Financial instruments based on the STOXX® indices  DAX® indices or on any other indices supported by STOXX are in no way sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/qontigo-licenses-istoxx-world-min-vol-esg-index-to-lgim-for-pension-fund-mandate-301667578.htmlSOURCE Qontigo",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.16,0.38,True,English,"['iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'pension fund mandate', 'Qontigo', 'LGIM', 'iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'net zero decarbonization pathway', 'large pension fund mandate', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'standard market cap benchmarks', 'global, comprehensive index family', 'leading European equity indices', 'broadest equity universe', 'European Benchmark Regulation', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'poorer ESG outcomes', 'superior ESG scores', 'leading global provider', 'Global index family', 'broad market benchmark', 'Chief Product Officer', 'total market, broad', 'proprietary ESG data', 'global index provider', 'minimum volatility strategies', 'rules-based, passive strategy', 'unique sustainability goals', 'benchmark administration processes', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'General Investment Management', 'lower risk profile', 'minimum variance portfolio', 'appropriate third-party data', 'Qontigo Index GmbH', 'World index', 'World AC', 'ESG profiles', 'ESG framework', 'pension trustees', 'market backdrop', 'index data', 'global presence', 'global markets', 'investment funds', 'index methodology', 'index rules', 'innovative index', 'Index Solutions', 'sustainability criteria', 'low volatility', '13,000 strictly rules-based', 'investment allocations', 'risk mitigation', 'investment impact', 'investment advice', 'data providers', 'risk solutions', 'All Countries', 'Emerging Markets', 'new solution', 'research process', 'collaborative effort', 'same vision', 'innovative solution', 'Fadi Zaher', 'higher number', 'defensive positioning', 'multiple requirements', 'Axel Lomholt', 'favorable fundamentals', 'two steps', 'positive exposure', 'sustainable investing', 'financial-products issuers', 'asset owners', 'asset managers', 'customer-centric culture', 'open architecture', 'modern technology', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'EURO STOXX', 'Latin America', 'research partners', 'particular purpose', 'Financial instruments', 'Qontigo GmbH', 'transparent indices', 'blue-chip indices', ""clients' processes"", 'targeted solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'environmental objectives', 'Axioma optimizer', 'fundamental quality', 'DAX® indices', 'Legal disclaimer', 'ZUG', 'Switzerland', 'PRNewswire', 'LGIM', 'cost', 'investor', 'Head', 'The', 'example', 'help', 'performance', 'optimized', 'companies', 'Climate', 'tradability', 'diversification', 'Story', 'analytics', 'shift', 'sophisticated', 'scale', 'demanding', 'combination', 'Eschborn', 'Germany', 'offices', 'London', 'Ltd.', 'regions', 'Americas', 'Asia/Pacific', 'BRIC', 'Brazil', 'Russia', 'India', 'China', 'administrator', 'control', 'underlyings', 'ETFs', 'futures', 'options', 'licensors', 'warranties', 'representations', 'respect', 'timeliness', 'sequence', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'currentness', 'merchantability', 'fitness', 'liability', 'connection', 'publication', 'inclusion', 'company', 'weighting', 'exclusion', 'opinion', 'merits']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12567,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/qontigo-licenses-istoxx-world-min-vol-esg-index-to-lgim-for-pension-fund-mandate-301667578.html,Qontigo licenses iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to LGIM for pension fund mandate,ZUG  Switzerland  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large pension fund mandate. This index is based on STOXX's broa…,"ZUG  Switzerland  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large pension fund mandate. This index is based on STOXX's broadest equity universe  the STOXX World AC (All Countries)  including both Developed and Emerging Markets and incorporates both proprietary ESG data provided by LGIM and data from ISS ESG.""Investing in minimum volatility strategies has traditionally come at the cost of potentially poorer ESG outcomes compared with standard market cap benchmarks. However  this new solution can allow the investor to enhance their environmental objectives  improve ESG profiles and achieve a net zero decarbonization pathway  while also targeting a lower risk profile than a broad market benchmark. The research process was a truly collaborative effort carried out by LGIM  the client and Qontigo who shared the same vision. We are pleased to have created an innovative solution which incorporates LGIM's ESG framework "" said Fadi Zaher  Head of Index Solutions at Legal & General Investment Management.""Investors in general  and pension trustees in particular  increasingly need to meet a higher number of objectives in their investment allocations. This is particularly true of sustainability criteria and  given the market backdrop  a defensive positioning. The iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG index is an example of how we can embed multiple requirements  and incorporate the most appropriate third-party data  into a rules-based  passive strategy. The index methodology also incorporates risk mitigation with the help of our Axioma optimizer "" said Axel Lomholt  Chief Product Officer  Indices & Benchmarks at Qontigo.Qontigo's iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index tracks the performance of an optimized minimum variance portfolio that tilts towards companies that exhibit low volatility  favorable fundamentals  and superior ESG scores. The index is constructed in two steps: first by creating a minimum variance portfolio based on the STOXX World index  and second by improving the Climate and ESG profiles of this portfolio. The index rules ensure tradability  diversification  and positive exposure to fundamental quality.About QontigoQontigo is a leading global provider of innovative index  analytics and risk solutions that optimize investment impact. As the shift toward sustainable investing accelerates  Qontigo enables its clients—financial-products issuers  asset owners and asset managers—to deliver sophisticated and targeted solutions at scale to meet the increasingly demanding and unique sustainability goals of investors worldwide.Qontigo's solutions are enhanced by both our collaborative  customer-centric culture  which allows us to create tailored solutions for our clients  and our open architecture and modern technology that efficiently integrate with our clients' processes.Part of the Deutsche Börse Group  Qontigo was created in 2019 through the combination of Axioma  DAX and STOXX. Headquartered in Eschborn  Germany  Qontigo's global presence includes offices in New York  London  Zug and Hong Kong. www.qontigo.comAbout STOXXSTOXX Ltd. is Qontigo's global index provider  currently calculating a global  comprehensive index family of about 13 000 strictly rules-based and transparent indices. Best known for the leading European equity indices EURO STOXX 50  STOXX Europe 50 and STOXX Europe 600  STOXX Ltd. maintains and calculates the STOXX Global index family which consists of total market  broad and blue-chip indices for the regions Americas  Europe  Asia/Pacific and sub-regions Latin America and BRIC (Brazil  Russia  India and China) as well as global markets.STOXX is the administrator of the STOXX® and DAX® indices under the European Benchmark Regulation and exercises control over all benchmark administration processes within Qontigo.STOXX indices are licensed to more than 600 companies around the world as underlyings for Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)  futures and options  structured products and passively managed investment funds.Legal disclaimer:STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers do not make any warranties or representations  express or implied  with respect to the timeliness  sequence  accuracy  completeness  currentness  merchantability  quality or fitness for any particular purpose of its index data and exclude any liability in connection therewith. STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers are not providing investment advice through the publication of indices or in connection therewith. In particular  the inclusion of a company in an index  its weighting  or the exclusion of a company from an index  does not in any way reflect an opinion of STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers on the merits of that company. Financial instruments based on the STOXX® indices  DAX® indices or on any other indices supported by STOXX are in no way sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers.SOURCE Qontigo",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'pension fund mandate', 'Qontigo', 'LGIM', 'iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'net zero decarbonization pathway', 'large pension fund mandate', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'standard market cap benchmarks', 'global, comprehensive index family', 'leading European equity indices', 'broadest equity universe', 'European Benchmark Regulation', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'poorer ESG outcomes', 'superior ESG scores', 'leading global provider', 'Global index family', 'broad market benchmark', 'Chief Product Officer', 'total market, broad', 'proprietary ESG data', 'global index provider', 'minimum volatility strategies', 'rules-based, passive strategy', 'unique sustainability goals', 'benchmark administration processes', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'General Investment Management', 'lower risk profile', 'minimum variance portfolio', 'appropriate third-party data', 'Qontigo Index GmbH', 'World index', 'World AC', 'ESG profiles', 'ESG framework', 'pension trustees', 'market backdrop', 'index data', 'global presence', 'global markets', 'investment funds', 'index methodology', 'index rules', 'innovative index', 'Index Solutions', 'sustainability criteria', 'low volatility', '13,000 strictly rules-based', 'investment allocations', 'risk mitigation', 'investment impact', 'investment advice', 'data providers', 'risk solutions', 'All Countries', 'Emerging Markets', 'new solution', 'research process', 'collaborative effort', 'same vision', 'innovative solution', 'Fadi Zaher', 'higher number', 'defensive positioning', 'multiple requirements', 'Axel Lomholt', 'favorable fundamentals', 'two steps', 'positive exposure', 'sustainable investing', 'financial-products issuers', 'asset owners', 'asset managers', 'customer-centric culture', 'open architecture', 'modern technology', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'Latin America', 'research partners', 'particular purpose', 'Financial instruments', 'Qontigo GmbH', 'transparent indices', 'blue-chip indices', ""clients' processes"", 'targeted solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'environmental objectives', 'Axioma optimizer', 'fundamental quality', 'DAX® indices', 'Legal disclaimer', 'ZUG', 'Switzerland', 'PRNewswire', 'LGIM', 'cost', 'investor', 'Head', 'The', 'example', 'help', 'performance', 'optimized', 'companies', 'Climate', 'tradability', 'diversification', 'analytics', 'shift', 'sophisticated', 'scale', 'demanding', 'combination', 'Eschborn', 'Germany', 'offices', 'London', 'Ltd.', 'regions', 'Americas', 'Asia/Pacific', 'BRIC', 'Brazil', 'Russia', 'India', 'China', 'administrator', 'control', 'underlyings', 'ETFs', 'futures', 'options', 'licensors', 'warranties', 'representations', 'respect', 'timeliness', 'sequence', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'currentness', 'merchantability', 'fitness', 'liability', 'connection', 'publication', 'inclusion', 'company', 'weighting', 'exclusion', 'opinion', 'merits']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,prnewswire.com
12569,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12570,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/BtqV8twVmG,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/BtqV8twVmG,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'BtqV8twVmG', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'BtqV8twVmG']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12571,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/kvpqPsB1oL,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/kvpqPsB1oL,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,Unknown
12572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/euronext-italian-arm-become-group-wide-clearer-end-2023-2022-11-03/,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 - Reuters.com,"Pan-European stock exchange Euronext <a href=""https://www.reuters.com/companies/ENX.PA"" target=""_blank"">(ENX.PA)</a> said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a…","LONDON  Nov 3 (Reuters) - Pan-European stock exchange Euronext (ENX.PA) said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG (LSEG.L) included an in-house clearer.""This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets "" Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.""LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis "" an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH's London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.""In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs "" EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Earlier this week  Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4)Reporting by Huw Jones Editing by Mark Potter and Susan FentonOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.04,0.34,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'Pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'Huw Jones Editing', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'Milan Exchange', 'LCH Group', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'share trades', 'Italian arm', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'London operation', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Mark Potter', 'Susan Fenton', 'LCH SA', 'heavy reliance', 'side customers', 'LSEG) unit', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'Thursday', 'move', 'Paris', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'story', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,reuters.com
12573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-q3-2022-results-164500227.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Story continuesReported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.38,0.42,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'continued cost disciplin', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'Listing revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'debt listing', 'net income', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'derivatives', 'Custody', 'activity', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'Story', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-financial-calendar-2023-164500563.html,Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 –Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastucture  today announced its financial calendar for 2023  set as follows:Full-year 202 2 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 202 3 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)H1 202 3 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q 3 202 3 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023All corporate information on Euronext  such as its financial statements or its investors presentations  is available on Euronext’s website in the Investors’ section: ( https://www.euronext.com/investors )ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).Story continuesDisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.15,0.68,True,English,"['financial calendar', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastucture', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'main regulated market', 'The Euronext Group', 'The Group', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'personal data', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'financial calendar', 'Quiet period', 'financial statements', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'end September', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Analysts conference', 'Full-year 202 2 results', 'Q1 202 3 results', 'H1 202 3 results', 'Thursday 9 February', 'Friday 10 February', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'Thursday 27 July', 'Friday 28 July', 'Thursday 9 November', 'investors presentations', 'Investors’ section', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'corporate information', 'information purposes', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Wednesday 8 November', '3 November', '10 July', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'CET', '20 January', '9.00am', '26 April', 'Shareholders', '10.30am', 'CEST', '19 October', 'website', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Story', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'www', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'request', '70']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biosenic-sa-information-total-number-060000551.html,BioSenic SA : Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,REGULATED INFORMATION Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  November 3  2022  7am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company...,Bone Therapeutics SAREGULATED INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  November 3  2022  7am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company addressing unmet medical needs in in the areas of innate immunity  inflammation and organ/function repair  today announces an increase in the total number of voting rights and shares as a result of the issuance of new shares following the conversion of convertible bonds (CBs) and the shares issued to Medsenic shareholders on 24 October 2022. The following information is published in accordance with Article 15 of the Belgian Law of 2 May 2007 on the publication of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on regulated market.Total amount of share capital on 29 September 2022 EUR 5 500 091 Total number of shares with voting rights on 29 September 2022 23 835 971 Total number of shares admitted to listing on 29 September 2022 23 835 971 Total number of new shares issued between 29 September 2022 and 31 October 2022 following the conversion of convertible bonds 3 127 449 Total number of new shares issued to Medsenic shareholders on 24 October 2022 90 668 594 (1)Total amount of share capital on 31 October 2022 EUR 33 100 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on 31 October 2022 117 632 014 Total number of voting rights (denominator) on 31 October 2022 117 632 014 Total number of shares admitted to listing on 31 October 2022 26 963 420 Total number of attributed warrants 1 197 554 Total number of convertible bonds outstanding 820 Total number of remaining CB commitments 60 Total number of shares with voting rights that can be issued following the exercise of the attributed warrants and CB commitments  and the conversion of the convertible bonds 17 432 231 (2)(1)The new shares issued to Medsenic shareholders on 24 October 2022 are not yet listed.(2)1 197 554 shares could be issued in case all 1 197 554 attributed warrants were exercised.285 714 shares could be issued in case all 800 convertible bonds outstanding  issued in the private placement on 6 May 2020  were converted into shares based on the predetermined conversion price of EUR 7.00.15 948 963 shares could be issued in case all 60 CB commitments subscribed and all 20 convertible bonds outstanding of the ABO CB program signed on 30 May 2022 were exercised and converted into shares based on the conversion price of EUR 0.2508 (95% of the Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price of Bone Therapeutics’ shares on 31 October 2022).Story continuesAbout BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by Bone Therapeutics with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury. These cells are produced via a proprietary BioSenic scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  the Company has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB continues to be evaluated for other orthopedic indications including spinal fusion  osteotomy  maxillofacial and dental  and should be of value in new indications when cells will be further adapted or transformed with additional targeting properties.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE)° is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media and Investor Enquiries:NewCap Investor Relations & Financial CommunicationsPierre Laurent  Louis-Victor Delouvrier and Arthur RouilléTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94bone@newcap.euCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['BioSenic SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'proprietary BioSenic scalable manufacturing process', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'gene therapy platform', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'optimized production process', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'unmet medical needs', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'several pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'Key target indications', 'ABO CB program', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'additional targeting properties', 'tissue repair protection', 'double basic effect', 'other orthopedic indications', 'Bone Therapeutics SA', 'leading biotech company', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'remaining CB commitments', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'Bone Therapeutics’ shares', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'innovative company', 'clinical assets', '60 CB commitments', 'new indications', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'bone regeneration', 'other cells', 'organ/function repair', 'organ repair', 'first effect', 'second effect', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '7am CEST', 'Euronext Brussels', 'innate immunity', 'voting rights', 'convertible bonds', 'following information', 'Belgian Law', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'Total amount', 'share capital', 'private placement', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'strong IP', 'new arsenal', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'spinal fusion', 'activated B', 'bone-forming cells', 'total number', 'Medsenic shareholders', 'conversion price', 'new shares', '1,197,554 attributed warrants', '1,197,554 shares', '285,714 shares', '15,948,963 shares', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'areas', 'inflammation', 'increase', 'result', 'issuance', 'CBs', '24 October', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'publication', 'issuers', '29 September', '31 October', 'denominator', 'exercise', 'case', '6 May', '30 May', 'Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price', 'Story', 'development', 'ALLOB', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'strengths', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'use', 'hospitals', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe', 'patients', 'osteotomy', 'maxillofacial', 'dental', 'value', 'apoptosis']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biophytis-reports-positive-post-hoc-072000870.html,Biophytis Reports Positive Post-hoc Analysis of The Phase 2-3 COVA Clinical Study Strongly Supporting Therapeutic Potential of Sarconeos (BIO101) In COVID-19,"Biophytis SA (NasdaqCM:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development...","A reduction in the risk of early death or respiratory failure at day 28 of 45% in the Intent-To-Treat (ITT) population and 53% in the Per Protocol (PP) populationA reduction in the risk of death at day 90 of 43% in the ITT population and 70% in the PP populationThe start of regulatory development of Sarconeos (BIO101) targeting conditional and emergency use marketing authorisations in 2023PARIS  FRANCE / CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / November 3  2022 / Biophytis SA (NasdaqCM:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of therapeutics that slow the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19  today released the full results from its phase 2-3 COVA clinical study evaluating Sarconeos (BIO101) in the treatment of COVID-19-related respiratory failure.The objective of the study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of Sarconeos (BIO101)  350 mg BID in hospitalized COVID-19 patients with hypoxemia  at risk of respiratory failure requiring high flow oxygen or mechanical ventilation  and death. The proportion and time to onset of these negative events were studied at 28 days in the primary analysis  corresponding to the maximum treatment period  with follow-up of mortality and safety for at least 90 days.The 233 treated patients (ITT population) were 63 years old on average  64% of the patients were male  recruited in centers in Europe  the US and Brazil between Q3 2020 and Q1 2022  infected with the main SARS-Cov-2 variants.The trial ended early before reaching the 310 patients originally planned  due to stalled recruitment. The sub-population of patients without major protocol deviations (PP sub-population) included 180 patients with similar baseline demographics and disease characteristics as the ITT population. Since the top line results of the study were reported and because the study was underpowered  post-hoc statistical analyses have been performed to re-estimate the effect of Sarconeos (BIO101) on the risk of early death or respiratory failure at day 28 (primary endpoint of the study) and death at day 90 in the ITT and PP populations.On respiratory failure or early death  post-hoc Kaplan-Meier analyses show a significant reduction with Sarconeos (BIO101) in the risk of early death or respiratory failure at day 28 by 45% (p=0.037) in the ITT population and by 53% (p=0.051) in the PP population. These post-hocstrongly strengthen the primary analysis that had shown significant differences over 28 days in the Kaplan Meier curves for BIO101 versus placebo  (p=0.034  see figure below)  and a strong trend when testing for difference at day 28 by using the pre-defined statistical model (primary end-point Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test  p=0.071).fncls.ssp?fn=download2_file&code_str=076e43a1bcd79ea549b897d0e48abe7cOn mortality follow-up over 90 days  post hoc Kaplan-Meier analysis of the risk of death at day 90 was reduced with Sarconeos (BIO101) by 43% in the ITT population (p=0.076) and by 70% in the PP population (p=0.016). These analysis strongly strengthen the trend shown in the primary analysis with similar reduction of risk of death at day 28 which was not significant. The reduction in the risk of death at day 90 reflects the effect of Sarconeos (BIO101) on early death and respiratory failure during the maximum 28 days treatment period that translates efficiently and in the same proportion into a reduction in the risk of death later on.fncls.ssp?fn=download2_file&code_str=3cc9c32424b6803ec8c2bea9ffc93f15Sarconeos (BIO101) has a good safety profile  with a lower proportion of patients with adverse events compared to placebo (57% vs. 64%)  in particular a lower frequency of serious  mostly respiratory  adverse events (25% vs. 31%).The Company aims to present the results in detail as soon as possible during upcoming scientific conferences in the first half of 2023 and in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.Stanislas Veillet  CEO of Biophytis  said: ""These post-hoc analyses strongly supportthe therapeutic potential of Sarconeos (BIO101) in the treatment of hospitalized patients with severe COVID-19. The reduction in the risk of respiratory failure and death by more than 40% is impressive. These results exceed expectations about the effect size of BIO101 (expected 37.5% relative reduction vs. placebo) used in the sample size calculation of the study and commit us to further develop Sarconeos (BIO101) in this indication  giving hospitalized patients a therapeutic option while COVID-19 is becoming endemic. We will start sharing these results in the coming months with regulatory agencies and health authorities  particularly in Europe  the US and Brazil. The aim is to file for conditional marketing authorisation (Europe) and emergency use authorization (USA  Brazil) as soon as possible in 2023. I would like to sincerely thank all the patients  caregivers  employees  and finally the shareholders of Biophytis for their work  trust and dedication  throughout this study.""Convinced of the therapeutic potential of Sarconeos (BIO101)  Biophytis intends to offer this new therapeutic solution to hospitalized patients with severe COVID-19 as soon as possible. Biophytis will first amend and extend the Early Access Programme (EAP) to make Sarconeos (BIO101) available as soon as possible to hospitalized COVID-19 patients at risk of respiratory failure and death. An EAP has already been approved in the first half of 2022 in Brazil to treat intensive care patients  and applications will be made in other territories including the US and Europe. Biophytis will also start to prepare for filing in 2023 for Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) in the United States and Brazil and conditional marketing authorisation in Europe  depending on COVID-19 evolution.About the COVA studyAs a reminder  the COVA clinical study (identifier clinicaltrials.gov: NCT04472728) is an international  multi-centre  double-blind  placebo-controlled  group-sequential and adaptive two-part study. It is a phase 2-3 study evaluating Sarconeos (BIO101) in patients aged 45 years and older  hospitalised with severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19. Part 1 of the COVA study is an exploratory Phase 2 proof-of-concept study designed to provide preliminary data on the safety  tolerability and efficacy of Sarconeos (BIO101) in 50 hospitalised patients with severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Part 2 of the COVA study is a randomised phase 3 study investigating the safety and efficacy of Sarconeos (BIO101) on respiratory function in patients. Due to the evolution of the pandemia  the company decidedin April 2022 to stop enrolment at 237 enrolled patients  below the originally planned number of 310.About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that are aimed at slowing the degenerative processes associated with aging and improving functional outcomes for patients suffering from age-related diseases  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Sarconeos (BIO101)  our leading drug candidate  is a small molecule  administered orally  planned to be developed as a treatment for sarcopenia in upcoming Phase 3 clinical trials in the United States  Brazil and Europe (SARA-31 and SARA-32). It has also been studied in a clinical two-part Phase 2-3 study (COVA) for the treatment of severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19 in Europe  Latin America  and the US. A pediatric formulation of Sarconeos (BIO101) is being developed for thetreatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). The Company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook "" ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face"" section from the Company's 2021 Half Year Financial Report available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis Contact for Investor RelationsPhilippe Rousseau CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMedia ContactsAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr +33 6 18 07 83 27Agathe Boggio: agathe.boggio@taddeo.fr +33 7 62 77 69 42View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/723707/Biophytis-Reports-Positive-Post-hoc-Analysis-of-The-Phase-2-3-COVA-Clinical-Study-Strongly-Supporting-Therapeutic-Potential-of-Sarconeos-BIO101-In-COVID-19",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.06,0.81,True,English,"['Phase 2-3 COVA Clinical Study', 'Positive Post-hoc Analysis', 'Therapeutic Potential', 'Biophytis', 'Sarconeos', 'COVID', 'emergency use marketing authorisations', 'maximum 28 days treatment period', 'emergency use authorization', 'maximum treatment period', 'high flow oxygen', 'main SARS-Cov-2 variants', 'Kaplan Meier curves', 'upcoming scientific conferences', 'peer-reviewed scientific journal', 'major protocol deviations', 'similar baseline demographics', 'sample size calculation', 'conditional marketing authorisation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'good safety profile', 'top line results', 'COVID-19-related respiratory failure', 'post-hoc statistical analyses', 'COVA clinical study', 'respiratory, adverse events', 'severe respiratory failure', 'hospitalized COVID-19 patients', 'post-hoc analyses', 'Per Protocol', 'statistical model', 'negative events', 'PP) population', 'PP population', 'degenerative processes', '350 mg BID', 'mechanical ventilation', 'disease characteristics', 'primary endpoint', 'significant differences', 'primary end-point', 'Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test', 'lower frequency', 'The Company', 'first half', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'therapeutic potential', 'therapeutic option', 'coming months', 'regulatory agencies', 'health authorities', 'similar reduction', 'ITT population', 'severe COVID', 'effect size', 'primary analysis', 'Kaplan-Meier analysis', 'hospitalized patients', 'same proportion', 'lower proportion', 'full results', 'regulatory development', 'PP sub-population', 'strong trend', '233 treated patients', 'early death', 'significant reduction', '37.5% relative reduction', 'Biophytis SA', 'mortality follow-up', '90 days', '310 patients', '180 patients', 'risk', 'start', 'Sarconeos', 'BIO101', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'aging', 'phase', '2-3', 'objective', 'efficacy', 'hypoxemia', 'time', 'onset', 'centers', 'Europe', 'Brazil', 'Q3', 'Q1', 'trial', 'recruitment', 'placebo', 'figure', 'detail', 'CEO', 'expectations', 'indication', 'aim', 'USA', 'caregivers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'work', 'trust', 'dedication', '64']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-net-sales-september-30-170000563.html,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF SEPTEMBER 30  2022,Ecully  November 3  2022 NET SALES AS OF SEPTEMBER 30  2022 PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life...,PCASEcully  November 3  2022NET SALES AS OF SEPTEMBER 30  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of September 30  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €156.1 million as of September 30  2022  a 9.6% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+7.1% at constant exchange rates).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 30 September 156.1 142.4 9.6% 152.5 7.1% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 94.3 93.2 1.3% 92.7 -0.5% Fine Specialty Chemicals 61.8 49.2 25.4% 59.8 21.4%Pharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €94.3 million  a 1.3% increase compared to 2021 (a 0.5% decrease at a constant exchange rate). Third-quarter revenue was up sharply compared to 2021  driven by the sales of Estetrol to Mithra  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate and the effect of price increases implemented in the past few months to offset the very significant rise in raw material and energy costs. Momentum remained very strong at the Turku site  while activity linked to R&D and intermediates was significantly lower compared to 2021.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €61.8 million  a 25.4% increase compared to 2021 (+21.4% at a constant exchange rate). Activity held up well in the third quarter  with continued strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics  and positive trends in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The rise in the costs of raw materials and energy were passed on downstream and contributed to the growth in net sales.OutlookThe PCAS Group will still generate a significant loss in 2022 due to a level of activity which remains insufficient at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites to cover the level of fixed costs and by inventory depreciations linked to non-compliant products.Story continuesAll the PCAS Group teams  with the support of its majority shareholder Seqens for the financing of its activities and its development  remain fully committed to returning to positive results in 2023  helped by gradual growth in Estetrol volumes for Mithra.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Net sales  February 3  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €187.0 million in 2021 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapPhilippe Clavel / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relations Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.05,0.24,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'SEPTEMBER', 'market-leading major global groups', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'constant exchange rates', 'majority shareholder Seqens', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'previous financial year', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'The PCAS Group', 'PCAS Group teams', 'consolidated net sales', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'PCAS NewCap', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'Third-quarter revenue', 'price increases', 'raw material', 'Turku site', 'R&D', 'third quarter', 'strong demand', 'positive trends', 'significant loss', 'inventory depreciations', 'compliant products', 'positive results', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Philippe Clavel', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relations', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'fixed costs', 'significant rise', 'gradual growth', 'Estetrol volumes', 'energy costs', 'Ecully', 'SEPTEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', '9.6% increase', 'millions', 'euros', '1.3% increase', '0.5% decrease', 'Mithra', 'effect', 'past', 'months', 'Momentum', 'activity', 'intermediates', '25.4% increase', 'continued', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'downstream', 'Outlook', 'level', 'Story', 'support', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'February', 'production', 'company', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1 69']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-publishes-q3-2022-trading-060000839.html,VEON publishes Q3 2022 trading update,Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategy Amsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext...,"VEON Ltd.Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategyAmsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces a trading update for the third quarter and nine months ended 30 September 2022  including selected financial and operating results:In 3Q22  VEON recorded USD 2 077 million in total revenues  representing +3.6% YoY growth in reported currency (+3.4% YoY in local currency). Service revenues saw a +7.9% YoY increase in reported currency (+7.8% YoY in local currency) and reached USD 1 968 million. EBITDA of USD 889 million was flat YoY both in reported currency (0.0% YoY) and local currency (+0.7% YoY). Capex of USD 404 million was 6.0% higher than in 3Q21  whilst capex intensity was 3.6 p.p. lower than last year (21.6%). Total cash and cash equivalents were USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion held at the HQ level.Commenting on the results  Kaan Terzioğlu said:“In the third quarter we demonstrated once again the resilience of VEON Group  as our focus on 4G penetration and the digital operator strategy continued to deliver growth despite unprecedented macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges. This quarter  4G users saw a 15.1% year-over-year increase  reaching 52.7% of our customer base  moving closer to our target of 70% 4G penetration. Growth in subscribers  higher 4G penetration and an expanded portfolio of digital services are driving solid revenue performance across our countries  while inflationary pricing and good cost management have enabled us to withstand tough headwinds  such as rising energy costs  changing tax regimes  natural disasters in Pakistan and the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine.We continue to focus on our core priorities of protecting our people and delivering the essential humanitarian services of communication and connectivity. In line with our commitment to ensuring the long-term stability of the business  we have also further strengthened our liquidity position  with USD 3.3 billion in cash at the end of 3Q22  of which USD 2.6 billion was held at HQ level.“Story continues3Q 2022 highlights:Revenue of USD 2 077 million  +3.6% YoY (+3.4% YoY in local currency)Service revenue of 1 968 million  +7.9% YoY (+7.8% YoY in local currency)EBITDA of USD 889 million  0.0% YoY (+0.7% YoY in local currency)Capex of USD 404 million  capex intensity -3.6p.p. YoYNet debt / EBITDA of 2.41x versus 2.51x in 3Q21Total cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion at Headquarters203 million mobile subscribers  up 0.8% YoY107 million 4G users  up 15.1% YoY  with 52.7% penetration of customer baseFor 3Q22  VEON reported revenue growth in both reported and local currency  as well as stronger liquidity  with Group cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion as of 30 September 2022.Group revenues increased by 3.6% YoY in reported currency terms (+3.4% in local currency). Growth in service revenues  up 7.9% in reported currency terms (+7.8% in local currency)  was a key driver of the Group’s strong revenue performance. Non telecom related revenues in Russia continued to decline and constituted 7.9% of total Group reported revenue in 3Q22 versus 10.4% in 3Q21.In 3Q22  Group EBITDA was flat YoY in reported currency terms (+0.7% in local currency)  with Group EBITDA margin of 42.8% (-1.5 p.p. YoY). To protect the profitability margins of the business  we remain focused on implementing planned cost-efficiency measures across the Group and on implementing inflationary pricing.Group EBITDA YoY performance was impacted by a number of extraordinary non-recurring items in 3Q22 and in 3Q21  as noted in the Country Performance section. Excluding these one-off items  Group EBITDA increased 1.9% YoY in local currency.In 3Q22  we reported growth of 0.8% YoY in our subscriber base. The Group continued to focus on the overall customer experience in our 4G networks.This supported the 15.1% YoY increase in our 4G users  which reached 107.1 million  with 14.1 million users added over the previous 12 months. 4G subscribers now account for 52.7% of our total subscriber base  up 6.5 p.p. from a year ago.On the back of our growing 4G penetration  we have been able to expand our digital operator offerings across our operations. This has driven the growth of our multiplay customer base (+24.5% YoY)  which reached 33.4 million during 3Q22. Multiplay customer ARPU is 4.3 times higher and churn is 2.4 times lower than single play voice-only customers.Our financial services business in Pakistan  JazzCash  ended the quarter with 16.7 million MAUs  an increase of 20.0% YoY. In Bangladesh  our streaming business  Toffee  achieved the 7.0 million MAUs milestone (+11.0% YoY) with 3.3 million average daily users (+55.1% YoY) in 3Q22.Group capex was USD 404 million  driven in particular by increased network investment in Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Bangladesh and Uzbekistan  in line with our growth strategy. At 21.6%  capex intensity continues to decrease (-3.6 p.p. YoY).We closed the quarter with total cash of USD 3.3 billion  including USD 2.6 billion at the HQ level. Our operations are largely self-funding and do not require financing from the HQ to fund their operations  including capex.In Ukraine  the team continued to keep the country connected  with around 90% of our radio network operational at quarter end. However  recent damage to Ukrainian power infrastructure has had an impact on network availability. Kyivstar’s revenues were up 5.2% in local currency (-18.8% YoY in reported currency) as the weakness in the Ukrainian hryvnia negatively impacted reported growth rates. Kyivstar’s 4G customer base grew 4.7% YoY  and our customers consumed more data  with usage rising 29.7% YoY. EBITDA was down 10.7% YoY in local currency (-31.1% in reported currency) in 3Q22. EBITDA performance was impacted by the change in revenue mix impacting margins  operational cost pressures  indexation of frequency fees  and by charitable donations and the staff care program  as Kyivstar continues to support its employees and the community.Russia reported a 3Q22 revenue decrease of 6.1% YoY in local currency (+16.1% YoY in reported currency). Revenue was impacted by a 58.5% decline in equipment revenue due to lower device sales  while the YoY strength of the Russian ruble supported the growth in reported financial performance. 3Q22 mobile service revenue was up 2.1% YoY in local currency  as the continued growth in the 4G customer base drove mobile data revenue higher by 7.5% YoY in local currency. In Russia  EBITDA increased 7.3% in local currency (+32.7% YoY in reported currency). This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of EBITDA YoY growth in local currency.Pakistan revenues increased 12.0% YoY in local currency (-17.1% YoY in reported currency)  driven by strong growth in data revenue  despite the negative impact of the increase in withholding tax from 10% to 15% on 16 January 2022 and the further reduction in mobile termination rates in 2H22. The Jazz team continued to deliver balanced growth in subscriber base (+5.0% YoY) and ARPU (+4.3% YoY) in 3Q22. The weakness in the Pakistani rupee negatively impacted financial performance in reported currency. EBITDA in Pakistan declined 6.8% in local currency (-30.8%YoY in reported currency).In Kazakhstan  revenues increased 23.1% YoY in local currency (+10.3% in reported currency)  another quarter of strong growth supported by further expansion of our mobile customer base (+7.3% YoY)  higher data usage (+18.8% YoY) and inflationary pricing of tariffs. This was the sixth consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue YoY growth in excess of 20%  while Beeline reached 69% 4G penetration in the customer base (+7.0 p.p. YoY). EBITDA increased 9.2% in local currency terms (-2.2% in reported currency).In Bangladesh  Banglalink’s revenues increased 11.6% YoY in local currency (-1.4% YoY in reported currency). This was the second quarter of double-digit local currency revenue growth. Banglalink’s execution of its digital operator strategy  4G focus and nation-wide expansion continues to deliver results  increasing the number of data and  in particular  4G users  driving growth in data consumption. Banglalink demonstrated balanced expansion of its subscriber base (+6.4% YoY) and ARPU (+5.4% YoY) in 3Q22. EBITDA decreased 2.1% in local currency (-13.4% in reported currency).In Uzbekistan  revenues increased 22.4% YoY in local currency (+19.2% in reported currency)  a fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit local-currency revenue growth and a third consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue growth above 20%. This was driven by a 35% YoY expansion in the 4G subscriber base  and a solid increase in data revenues  which were 40.0% higher YoY. EBITDA in Uzbekistan increased 7.9% in local currency (+5.0% in reported currency).Key recent developments:VEON Ltd. announces it is conducting a sales process for its Russian operations . On 2 November 2022  VEON announced that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations  while exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia.VEON appoints Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer . On 17 October 2022  VEON announced the appointment of Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Galvani is responsible for VEON’s corporate affairs strategy and public profile  working across all aspects of government relations and communications  as well as leading VEON’s environmental  social and governance initiatives. He reports to VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu and joined the Group Executive Committee.Invitation to holders of 2023 Notes to contact VEON Ltd. On 14 October 2022  VEON announced that it would like to identify beneficial holders of interests in the 5.950% USD-denominated notes due February 2023 and the 7.250% USD-denominated notes due April 2023 of VEON’s subsidiary VEON Holdings B.V. (collectively the “2023 Notes”) with a view to commencing discussions with such holders. Holders of the 2023 Notes were therefore invited to contact VEON Ltd. at their earliest convenience.VEON Ltd. is unable to engage with any holders of 2023 Notes who are designated or otherwise subject to asset freezes or equivalent blocking restrictions under EU  UK  US or other applicable sanctions regimes. Accordingly  such holders should not contact VEON Ltd.NASDAQ grants VEON extension until 3 April 2023 to comply with minimum share price requirement . On 5 October 2022  VEON announced that the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") had granted VEON an additional 180 calendar day grace period to comply with the minimum share price requirement.VEON Group CEO share award . On 23 September 2022  VEON announced a share award to Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu. The award of 5 231 771 shares were issued with a grant date of 1 October 2022. The first 1 569 531 shares vested on the grant date of 1 October 2022 and the balance of 3 662 240 shares will vest on 1 September 2023.Kyivstar invests in Helsi  sets out to provide digital health services for Ukraine . On 16 August 2022  VEON announced that its subsidiary in Ukraine  Kyivstar  plans to launch a national digital health service that will be available to all Ukrainians as part of the country’s Digital Ukraine strategy. Kyivstar invested in Helsi Ukraine  the country’s largest medical information system and leading digital healthcare providers.VEON completes the sale of Djezzy  receiving USD 682 million. On 5 August 2022  VEON announced that it had received approximately USD 682 million following the completion of the sale of its stake in Djezzy Algeria. This transaction follows VEON’s previously announced strategy to streamline its portfolio.Additional informationView the full 3Q22 trading updateView 3Q22 trading update presentationAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven high-growth markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Notice to reader: impact of conflictThe ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  counter-sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have impacted and  if the conflict  sanctions and such responses continue or escalate  may significantly impact our results and aspects of our operations in Russia and Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and aspects of our operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union. We hope that there will be a peaceful and amicable resolution and are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.The broad nature of the financial sanctions targeted at the Russian financial system  including several banks that have historically provided funding to the Company  the comprehensive sanctions on investment and vendors in Russia and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have a material impact on the Company’s operations and business plans in Russia and Ukraine. Over the next few months  we will be undertaking our annual assessment as required by IFRS to determine the potential need for further impairment charges  which is not as of yet determinable due to a number of factors  including the fluidity of the current situation and our ability to obtain relevant data required to build a business plan given the ongoing conflict and associated uncertainties. We may report significant impairment charges with respect to assets in Ukraine  Russia and/or other operating companies for the nine-months ended 30 September 2022. However  we are still gathering the necessary data and we are not able at this time to estimate the amount or range of this potential impairment charge to the income statement. Such an impairment charge  if any  would have no impact on the Company’s cash flow. It is possible further impairment charges may rise to such a level on an accounting basis as to require additional analysis of true asset values in order to determine the true value of assets to be compared to liabilities as outlined in the provisions of our debt agreements.DisclaimerVEON’s results presented in this trading update are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this trading update is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Certain amounts and percentages that appear in this trading update have been subject to rounding adjustments. As a result  certain numerical figures shown as totals  including those in the tables  may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede or follow them. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the current period or any future period.This trading update contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may ” “might ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “should ” “expect ” “plan ” “anticipate ” “intend ” “seek ” “believe ” “estimate ” “predict ” “potential ” “continue ” “contemplate ” “possible” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON’s ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its current and future operations and financial condition; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON’s ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON’s ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; VEON’s intent to proceed with and conclude a sales process with respect to its Russian operations; and VEON’s ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this trading update are based on management’s best assessment of VEON’s strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Russian and/or Ukrainian operations; further unanticipated developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic  such as the effect on consumer spending  that has negatively affected VEON’s operations and financial condition in the past; demand for and market acceptance of VEON’s products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON’s markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON’s markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties’ control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON’s services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on 29 April 2022 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.There can be no assurance that the sales process mentioned above will result in an acceptable offer or  even if an acceptable offer is obtained and results in an acquisition agreement being reached  that the requisite approvals will be received.As of today  VEON has not committed to anything with regards to its Russian operations  nor can it be certain that any of the options that may be considered will be completed  or the terms of any such option or potential sale would receive required Board  regulatory and any necessary creditor approvals.Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.32,0.18,True,English,"['Q3 2022 trading update', 'VEON', 'single play voice-only customers', 'Non telecom related revenues', '3.3 million average daily users', 'Country Performance section', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'good cost management', 'rising energy costs', 'Group EBITDA YoY performance', 'global digital operator', 'digital operator offerings', 'extraordinary non-recurring items', 'digital operator strategy', 'overall customer experience', 'Strong revenue performance', 'solid revenue performance', '7.0 million MAUs milestone', 'essential humanitarian services', '203 million mobile subscribers', '107 million 4G users', 'higher 4G penetration', 'growing 4G penetration', 'multiplay customer base', 'total subscriber base', 'Group EBITDA margin', 'financial services business', '14.1 million users', '16.7 million MAUs', 'digital services', 'total revenues', '70% 4G penetration', 'online services', 'humanitarian crisis', 'one-off items', 'Group revenues', 'Service revenues', '4G networks', '4G subscribers', 'total Group', 'The Group', 'Total cash', 'growth strategy', 'market share', 'trading update', 'nine months', 'last year', 'HQ level', 'unprecedented macroeconomic', 'geopolitical challenges', 'expanded portfolio', 'inflationary pricing', 'tough headwinds', 'tax regimes', 'natural disasters', 'core priorities', 'long-term stability', 'liquidity position', '3Q 2022 highlights', 'Net debt', 'stronger liquidity', 'key driver', 'profitability margins', 'cost-efficiency measures', 'previous 12 months', 'network investment', 'Group cash', 'cash equivalents', 'local currency', 'currency terms', 'year increase', 'streaming business', 'third quarter', 'Group capex', 'revenue growth', 'VEON Group', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'converged connectivity', 'operating results', 'capex intensity', 'VEON Ltd', '+7.9% YoY increase', '15.1% YoY increase', '+3.6% YoY growth', '52.7% penetration', '0.8% YoY', '5% YoY', 'countries', 'NASDAQ', '3Q22', '3Q21', 'USD', 'resilience', 'focus', 'target', 'Pakistan', 'Ukraine', 'people', 'communication', 'commitment', 'end', 'Story', 'Headquarters', '30 September', 'Russia', 'number', 'back', 'operations', 'ARPU', 'JazzCash', 'Bangladesh', 'Toffee', 'Kazakhstan']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wolters-kluwer-divestiture-proceed-following-160000527.html,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance November 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today that the...,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearanceNovember 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today that the Spanish Antitrust Authority has given Karnov Group clearance to acquire the legal information assets of Wolters Kluwer and Thomson Reuters in Spain.Therefore  the transaction announced on December 9  2021  whereby Wolters Kluwer will divest its legal information units in France and Spain to Karnov can proceed. The transaction is expected to close on November 30  2022.The assets to be sold by Wolters Kluwer generated revenues of €85 million in 2021 (10% of Legal & Regulatory division revenues) and were profitable. Wolters Kluwer will receive a consideration of €120 million and intends to use the net proceeds for share repurchases in 2023 in order to mitigate the earnings dilution caused by the divestment. Wolters Kluwer expects to record a non-taxable gain on completion.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Story continuesMedia Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.08,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Spanish Antitrust Authority', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'general economic conditions', 'legal information units', 'Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Regulatory division revenues', 'Karnov Group clearance', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'legal information assets', 'new information', 'professional information', 'regulatory sectors', 'regulatory rules', 'Thomson Reuters', 'net proceeds', 'share repurchases', 'earnings dilution', 'taxable gain', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'Spain', 'transaction', 'December', 'France', 'November', 'consideration', 'order', 'divestment', 'completion', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Story', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/elis-share-capital-increase-reserved-060000394.html,Elis: Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”,Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022” Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022 The subscription period for the share capital increase...,ElisShare capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022The subscription period for the share capital increase reserved for Elis employees ended on 5 October 2022. 3.56% of employees in 17 countries chose to participate  either directly or via the Elis Group employee shareholding fund  in this operation  the third of its kind in the Group's history  for a total subscription of nearly 4.9 million euros.Implemented by the Elis Supervisory Board on July 27  2022 and the Management Board on July 28  2022  on the basis of a delegation of authority from the General Meeting of May 19  2022  the share capital increase allowed the Group's employees to invest in Elis shares at a unit price of 8.97 euros  corresponding to the average opening price of the share from August 19 to September 15  2022  discounted by 30%  and benefiting from a matching contribution from Elis equal to one share offered for 10 shares subscribed.The subscriptions received resulted in the issue  on 3 November 2022  of 583 130 new shares (including bonus shares) with a par value of 1 euro  representing 0.25% of the capital  i.e. total issue proceeds (including premium) of 4 940 810.55 euros. The new shares bear rights from the date of their issue and are fully assimilated to the existing shares.The new shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris regulated market (ISIN code FR0012435121) on the same day.ContactNicolas Buron - Investor Relations Director - Phone: +33 1 75 49 98 30 - nicolas.buron@elis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Share capital increase', 'Elis', 'employees', 'Elis Group employee shareholding fund', 'Investor Relations Director', 'average opening price', 'Share capital increase', 'Elis Supervisory Board', 'total issue proceeds', 'total subscription', 'Management Board', 'unit price', 'one share', 'subscription period', 'General Meeting', 'matching contribution', 'par value', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'same day', 'Elis shares', '583,130 new shares', 'bonus shares', 'existing shares', '4.9 million euros', 'Elis employees', 'Nicolas Buron', '10 shares', '8.97 euros', '4,940,810.55 euros', 'Saint-Cloud', '3 November', '5 October', '17 countries', 'operation', 'kind', 'history', 'July', 'basis', 'delegation', 'authority', 'May', 'August', 'September', 'subscriptions', '1 euro', 'premium', 'rights', 'date', 'market', 'Contact', 'Phone', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vantiva-information-concerning-total-number-163700556.html,Vantiva - Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares,November 3  2022 Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French...,VantivaNovember 3  2022Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiersVantiva Shares(ISIN Code FR0013505062) Date Number of Outstanding Shares Number of Voting Rights October 31  2022355 373 667Number of Theoretical Voting Rights(1): 355 373 667Number of Voting Rights Exercisable at Shareholders’ meeting(2): 355 373 667(1) Calculated  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers  based on the total number of outstanding shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares with suspended voting rights.(2) Excluding shares with suspended voting rights.* **About Vantivawww.vantiva.com – Follow us: @Vantiva – www.linkedin.com/company/vantiva/Vantiva shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (VANTI) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Vantiva', 'Information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Commercial Code', 'Theoretical Voting Rights', 'ISIN Code', 'General Regulations', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Outstanding Shares', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Vantiva Shares', 'Information', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221102005835/en/Blue-Spirit-Aero-Accelerates-the-Development-of-Its-Hydrogen-Powered-Aircraft-with-Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes,Blue Spirit Aero Accelerates the Development of Its Hydrogen-Powered Aircraft with Dassault Systèmes,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #3DEXPERIENCE--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that Blue Spirit Aero  the France-based aviation startup harnessing the power of hydrogen fuel cell technology  is using Das…,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that Blue Spirit Aero  the France-based aviation startup harnessing the power of hydrogen fuel cell technology  is using Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud to accelerate the development of its hydrogen-electric light aircraft and advance the certification of accessible clean aviation.The aircraft  “Dragonfly ” which relies on Blue Spirit Aero’s proprietary electro-propulsive technology optimized for clean performance  is being developed with a view to certification and entry into service in 2026. In only a few months  Blue Spirit Aero has used Dassault Systèmes’ “Reinvent the Sky” industry solution experience based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to complete the detailed 3D design of Dragonfly’s shapes  and test and validate its performance in terms of aerodynamics  structure and energy. From the outset  the platform’s virtual environment on the cloud enabled the startup to structure its internal processes and streamline communication between experts across disciplines and locations for more efficient decision-making and full traceability.“The 3DEXPERIENCE platform is the technology of reference in the aviation industry ” said Olivier Savin  CEO and founder  Blue Spirit Aero. “By using it to develop our aircraft from concept to certification  not only are we relying on one platform for all aspects of our product development  we are giving credibility to each milestone achieved. We can show potential investors  partners  employees  suppliers  customers and regulators that viable hydrogen solutions are being developed with the same software that has made the most technologically advanced commercial airliners possible.”The global aviation industry is striving to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Transforming technological breakthroughs into real solutions requires new ways of working that combine the expertise of stakeholders and enable efficient certification processes. Regulators are working to establish certification processes for solutions involving disruptive hydrogen technologies. Blue Spirit Aero will be a catalyst in this by using the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to demonstrate the feasibility of these solutions.“Blue Spirit Aero exemplifies a dynamic startup driving the hydrogen economy that shares our vision for more sustainable aviation ” said David Ziegler  Vice President  Aerospace & Defense Industry  Dassault Systèmes. “‘Reinvent the Sky’ and the scalability offered by the cloud allow it to deploy new capabilities as its project matures  optimize program execution  and reduce costs. These are ‘must-haves’ for a startup paving the way toward the certification of a new category of vehicles.”FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences for the aerospace & defense industry: https://ifwe.3ds.com/aerospace-defenseDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comSHARE THIS ON TWITTERAdvancing toward cleaner aviation  @BlueSpiritAero accelerates the development of its hydrogen electric light aircraft with @Dassault3DS #3DEXPERIENCE #cloudConnect with Dassault Systèmes onTwitter | Facebook | LinkedIn | YoutubeABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Blue Spirit Aero', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Hydrogen-Powered Aircraft', 'Development', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'Sky” industry solution experience', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'hydrogen fuel cell technology', 'hydrogen electric light aircraft', 'virtual twin experiences', 'detailed 3D design', 'disruptive hydrogen technologies', 'Blue Spirit Aero', 'net-zero carbon emissions', '3D design software', 'hydrogen-electric light aircraft', 'proprietary electro-propulsive technology', 'global aviation industry', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'accessible clean aviation', 'viable hydrogen solutions', 'France-based aviation startup', 'efficient certification processes', 'hydrogen economy', 'Defense Industry', 'one platform', 'efficient decision-making', 'same software', 'sustainable aviation', 'cleaner aviation', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', 'internal processes', 'commercial airliners', 'commercial trademarks', 'Euronext Paris', 'clean performance', 'full traceability', 'Olivier Savin', 'potential investors', 'technological breakthroughs', 'new ways', 'David Ziegler', 'Vice President', 'new capabilities', 'program execution', 'new category', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'product development', 'real solutions', 'PLM) solutions', 'dynamic startup', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'other countries', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'DSY', 'power', 'cloud', 'Dragonfly', 'view', 'entry', 'service', 'months', 'shapes', 'terms', 'aerodynamics', 'structure', 'energy', 'outset', 'communication', 'experts', 'disciplines', 'locations', 'reference', 'CEO', 'founder', 'concept', 'aspects', 'credibility', 'milestone', 'partners', 'employees', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'regulators', 'expertise', 'stakeholders', 'catalyst', 'feasibility', 'vision', 'Aerospace', 'scalability', 'project', 'costs', 'haves', 'vehicles', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'TWITTER', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Youtube', 'people', 'applications', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'All', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', '©']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005951/en/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-Oral-and-Poster-Presentations-at-the-64th-American-Society-of-Hematology-ASH-Annual-Meeting,MaaT Pharma Announces Oral and Poster Presentations at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--Regulatory News: MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for pat…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today that extended results from its Early Access Program (EAP) of MaaT013 in patients with GI-aGvHD have been selected for oral presentation at the 64thAmerican Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting held from December 10-13  2022  in New-Orleans  Louisiana  U.S.A. Additionally  detailed results of the Phase 1b trial of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) were selected for presentation in a poster session. This is the sixth year in a row that the Company’s clinical data are selected for presentation at the ASH Conference  the world-leading event in malignant and non-malignant hematology  and the third year in a row for an oral presentation.In line with the conference embargo policy  MaaT Pharma will detail the presented results through a press release on Saturday  December 10  2022. The Company will also host an investor webcast on Monday  December 12th  2022  at 6:00pm CET (additional details will be provided at a later date).The EAP results include data from 81 patients treated with MaaT013  with steroid-resistant or steroid-dependent aGvHD with GI involvement  who had previously failed 1 to 6 lines(median: 2) of systemic therapy; MaaT Pharma provided the MET product to hospitals under a compassionate access program in France. In parallel  MaaT013 is currently being evaluated in a pivotal  open-label  single-arm Phase 3 trial in Europe (n=75) in GI-aGvHD patients refractory to corticosteroids and ruxolitinib; a first data review is expected in the first half of 2023. As of today  MaaT013 has been safely administered to more than 160 patients in Europe in clinical trials and in the Expanded Access Program in France.Oral Presentation:Title: Pooled Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy for Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-Versus-Host Disease: Results from the Early Access Program in FrancePresenter: Professor Mohamad Mohty  hematology professor and Head of the Hematology and Cellular Therapy Department at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne UniversityPublication Number: 112Session: 722. Allogeneic Transplantation: Acute and Chronic GVHD  Immune Reconstitution: Clinical Studies Exploring the Immunobiology of HCTSession Date/Time: Saturday  December 10  2022; 10:15am ESTRoom: 252-254 (Ernest N. Morial Convention Center)Poster Presentation:Title: Restoration Of Gut Microbiota Diversity With Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy In Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients After Intensive Chemotherapy: The Phase 1b CIMON TrialPresenter: Professor Mohamad Mohty  hematology professor and Head of the Hematology and Cellular Therapy Department at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne UniversityPoster number: 2765Session: 616. Acute Myeloid Leukemias: Investigational Therapies  Excluding Transplantation and Cellular ImmunotherapiesSession Date/Time: Sunday  December 11  2022: 6:00pm -8:00pm ESTRoom: Hall D (Ernest N. Morial Convention Center)Upcoming scientific conferences participationsNovember 8-10  2022 – 9 th International Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: Poster and oral presentationInternational Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: November 9-11  2022 – 21 st Société Francophone de Greffe de Moelle et de Thérapie Cellulaire (SFGM-TC) Congress - Booth #10 – poster and oral presentation(SFGM-TC) Congress - December 10-13  2022 - 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting: Poster and oral presentationAbout MaaT013MaaT013 is a full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  enema Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM for acute  hospital use. It is characterized by a consistently high diversity and richness of microbial species and the presence of ButycoreTM (group of bacterial species known to produce anti-inflammatory metabolites). MaaT013 aims to restore the symbiotic relationship between the patient’s functional gut microbiome and their immune system to correct the responsiveness and tolerance of immune functions and thus reduce steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD. MaaT013 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA).About MaaT033MaaT033 is an oral  full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  high-richness Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM. MaaT033 is designed to restore the gut ecosystem to full functionality to improve clinical outcomes as well as to control adverse events related to conventional treatments for liquid tumors. The capsule formulation facilitates administration and allows the potential to treat larger patients’ population while maintaining the high and consistent richness and diversity of microbial species  including anti-inflammatory ButycoreTM species.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022 in Europe  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Allo-HCT: allogeneic hematopoietic cell therapy,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['64th American Society', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Poster Presentations', 'Oral', 'Hematology', '21 st Société Francophone de Greffe', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'pivotal, open-label, single-arm Phase 3 trial', 'Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-Versus-Host Disease', '9 th International Human Microbiome Consortium', 'Phase 1b CIMON Trial Presenter', 'Upcoming scientific conferences participations', 'enema Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'high-richness Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy', 'Cellular Immunotherapies Session Date/Time', 'Sorbonne University Publication Number', 'Phase 1b trial', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients', 'Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy', 'Thérapie Cellulaire', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Acute Myeloid Leukemias', 'functional gut microbiome', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Early Access Program', 'U.S.A.', 'compassionate access program', 'Expanded Access Program', 'Cellular Therapy Department', 'European Medicines Agency', 'HCT Session Date/Time', 'conference embargo policy', 'Professor Mohamad Mohty', '64th American Society', 'acute, hospital use', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'larger patients’ population', 'Gut Microbiota Diversity', 'first data review', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD', 'anti-inflammatory ButycoreTM species', 'The EAP results', 'gut ecosystem', 'France Presenter', 'systemic therapy', '64thAmerican Society', 'ASH Conference', 'steroid-dependent aGvHD', 'first half', 'Poster number', 'anti-inflammatory metabolites', 'clinical data', 'clinical trials', 'Clinical Studies', 'clinical outcomes', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'microbial species', 'bacterial species', 'oral, full-ecosystem', 'oral presentation', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'sixth year', 'world-leading event', 'third year', 'press release', 'The Company', 'investor webcast', 'additional details', 'later date', 'GI involvement', '1 to 6 lines', 'Chronic GVHD', 'Immune Reconstitution', 'Intensive Chemotherapy', 'Investigational Therapies', 'Hall D', 'symbiotic relationship', 'immune system', 'immune functions', 'US Food', 'Drug Administration', 'full functionality', 'adverse events', 'conventional treatments', 'liquid tumors', 'hematology professor', 'MaaT Pharma', 'poster session', 'detailed results', 'Allogeneic Transplantation', 'high diversity', 'consistent richness', 'non-malignant hematology', 'Poster Presentation', 'GI-aGvHD patients', '81 patients', '160 patients', 'LYON', 'EURONEXT', 'pioneer', 'development', 'cancer', 'MaaT013', 'December', 'New-Orleans', 'Louisiana', 'MaaT033', 'AML', 'row', 'Saturday', 'Monday', '6:00pm', 'product', 'hospitals', 'parallel', 'corticosteroids', 'ruxolitinib', 'today', 'Title', 'Head', 'Immunobiology', '10:15am', 'Room', 'Restoration', 'Sunday', 'IHMC', 'Congress', 'November', 'Moelle', 'SFGM-TC', 'Booth', 'shelf', 'presence', 'group', 'responsiveness', 'tolerance', 'FDA', 'capsule', 'formulation', 'potential']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/success-first-believe-employee-shareholding-165000687.html,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022 Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee...,"Success of the first Believe employee shareholding planb.shares 2022Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee shareholding plan. This offer  carried out in 6 countries from September 16 to October 6  2022  has enabled 40% of eligible employees to become shareholders of the Company.With a subscription rate of 40%  including nearly 60% in France  the 2022 b.shares plan is an illustration of the strong commitment of our employees in the future development of Believe  and a key step in the journey to our corporate project "" Shaping Music for Good "" driven by our four driving forces: respect  expertise  fairness and transparency towards all of our stakeholders.507 employees  including 336 in France  participated in the offer at a unit subscription price of €6.90. The total investment (made of employee investments and Believe matching contributions) amounts to €2.3 million.From this first year  31% of Believe employees have become shareholders holding 0.35% directly or through the employee mutual fund (FCPE Believe shares) of the capital of the Company  i.e. a total of 337 457 shares.As of November 3  2022  the number of Believe outstanding shares amounted to 96 575 623 shares.About BelieveBelieve is one of the world's leading digital music companies. Believe's mission is to support artists and labels by offering them digital solutions adapted to their evolving needs at each stage of their development. Believe relies on its technological platform  on the unique digital expertise of its employees to advise its artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 @employees present in more than 50 countries support them with unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including  among others  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comStory continuesBelieve contactsInvestor relationsEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comTel. : +33 1 53093391Port. : + 33 6 07099860 Press relationsManon JESSUAmanon.jessua@believe.comAttachment",positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,positive,0.73,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'Success', 'shares', 'first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'first employee shareholding plan', 'leading digital music companies', 'employee mutual fund', 'four driving forces', '2022 b.shares plan', 'unit subscription price', 'unique digital expertise', 'Believe matching contributions', 'FCPE Believe shares', 'Believe outstanding shares', 'first year', 'employee investments', 'digital solutions', 'subscription rate', 'strong commitment', 'key step', 'corporate project', 'evolving needs', 'technological platform', 'various solutions', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'Investor relations', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'Press relations', 'future development', 'total investment', 'Euronext Paris', 'eligible employees', 'Believe employees', 'Manon JESSUA', '337,457 shares', '96,575,623 shares', '507 employees', '1,610 @employees', 'Success', 'offer', '6 countries', 'September', 'October', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'France', 'illustration', 'journey', 'Shaping', 'Good', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'stakeholders', 'capital', 'November', 'number', 'world', 'mission', 'artists', 'labels', 'stage', '50 countries', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'others', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'contacts', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-q3-2022-investor-meeting-081500575.html,Marel: Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation,Marel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022. Please find attached the Q3 2022...,Marel hf.Marel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022.Please find attached the Q3 2022 investor presentation for today’s investor meeting at 8:30 am GMT (9:30 am CET)  where senior management will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the third quarter.The meeting is webcast live on marel.com/webcast and a recording is available after the meeting on marel.com/ir.Members of the investment community can also join the conference call by dialing:IS: +354 800 7437 (PIN 84639778#)NL: +31 20 721 9495UK: +44 33 3300 9035US: +1 646 722 4956Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.47,0.02,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation', 'Marel', 'Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'Q3 2022 investor presentation', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'financial results', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'senior management', 'operational highlights', 'third quarter', 'investment community', 'conference call', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'investor meeting', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Marel hf', 'market', '2 November', 'today', 'GMT', 'overview', 'recording', 'Members', 'PIN', 'UK', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,000 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June', 'Attachment', '8:30']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/guerbet-guerbet-announces-change-governance-170400172.html,Guerbet: Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects,Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects Villepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement with...,GUERBETGuerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projectsVillepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative  formalizing the termination of their collaboration signed in July 2018.Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative formalizing the termination of their collaboration initiated in July 2018. This partnership aimed to design  develop and market software solutions to help diagnose and monitor liver and prostate cancers. The termination follows Merative's strategic shift in how it delivers artificial intelligence within its imaging product portfolio.The new Asset Assignment and License Agreement grants Guerbet the ability and autonomy to pursue research and development  and plan for the market launch of Artificial Intelligence solutions. Assets developed during the partnership  including source code for application software  Artificial Intelligence algorithms and the associated intellectual property  are being transferred to Guerbet.The market potential remains unchanged and significant  and this Asset Assignment and License Agreement will transfer control over the remaining development work to Guerbet. Promising initial results have been obtained in 2022  particularly for the detection of liver lesions (presentation scheduled for the RSNA 2022 conference) and for the detection of prostate cancer (work presented at the ECR 2022 conference). The high quality of the work presented by Guerbet’s Artificial Intelligence research team also impressed the jury of the BPI France 2030 program  which has awarded the company €1 million in funding for its project aimed at early detection of pancreatic cancer  as recently announced.Numerous stakeholders have communicated their interest to the Group’s management in recent months  attesting to the business’ strong potential. Constructive discussions are currently also underway to set up new partnerships in order to accelerate the business roadmap and to facilitate the emergence of a national champion in the area of artificial intelligence for medical imaging.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8%-10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €732 million in revenue in 2021. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.comStory continuesContactGuerbetClaire Lauvernier  Directrice de la Communication +33.6.79.52.11.88 / claire.lauvernier@guerbet.01 45 91 50 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.34,0.05,True,English,"['Artificial Intelligence projects', 'Guerbet', 'change', 'governance', 'Artificial Intelligence projects Villepinte', 'Artificial Intelligence research team', 'Artificial Intelligence algorithms', 'Artificial Intelligence solutions', 'imaging product portfolio', 'BPI France 2030 program', 'new Asset Assignment', 'business’ strong potential', 'remaining development work', 'new partnerships', 'business roadmap', 'software solutions', 'AI solutions', 'medical imaging', 'interventional imaging', 'prostate cancers', 'strategic shift', 'source code', 'application software', 'intellectual property', 'initial results', 'RSNA 2022 conference', 'ECR 2022 conference', 'high quality', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Numerous stakeholders', 'recent months', 'Constructive discussions', 'national champion', 'lasting relationships', 'global leader', 'comprehensive range', 'pharmaceutical products', 'medical devices', 'contrast products', 'five centers', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'segment B', 'mid caps', 'License Agreement', 'liver lesions', 'Claire Lauvernier', 'market launch', 'early detection', 'GUERBET', 'change', 'governance', 'Merative', 'termination', 'collaboration', 'July', 'ability', 'autonomy', 'Assets', 'control', 'Promising', 'presentation', 'jury', 'company', 'funding', 'interest', 'Group', 'management', 'order', 'emergence', 'area', 'people', 'purpose', 'digital', 'diagnostic', 'pioneers', '95 years', '2,600 employees', 'revenue', 'Israel', 'GBT', 'information', 'Story', 'Contact', 'Directrice', 'Communication', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548096/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q3-2022-results.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45  Lisbon...,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .. Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.3,0.45,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'derivatives clearing activity', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Listing revenue', 'Net debt', 'debt listing', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'l6 Revenue', 'net income', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'proprietary trading', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'Custody', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548093/0/en/Euronext-announces-its-financial-calendar-for-2023.html,Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45 ......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 –Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastucture  today announced its financial calendar for 2023  set as follows:Full-year 202 2 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 202 3 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST) H1 202 3 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q 3 202 3 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023All corporate information on Euronext  such as its financial statements or its investors presentations  is available on Euronext’s website in the Investors’ section: ( https://www.euronext.com/investors )ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['financial calendar', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastucture', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'main regulated market', 'The Euronext Group', 'The Group', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'personal data', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'financial calendar', 'Quiet period', 'financial statements', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'end September', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Analysts conference', 'Full-year 202 2 results', 'Q1 202 3 results', 'H1 202 3 results', 'Friday 10 February', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'investors presentations', 'Investors’ section', 'regulated exchanges', 'press release', 'proprietary rights', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Thursday 9 February', 'corporate information', 'information purposes', 'Friday 28 July', 'Wednesday 8 November', 'Thursday 9 November', '3 November', '10 July', '27 July', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '9.00am', 'CET', '20 January', '26 April', 'Shareholders', '10.30am', '19 October', 'website', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'www', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'request', '70']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548017/0/en/ASM-JOINS-SEMICONDUCTOR-CLIMATE-CONSORTIUM-AS-FOUNDING-MEMBER.html,ASM JOINS SEMICONDUCTOR CLIMATE CONSORTIUM AS FOUNDING MEMBER,Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 03  2022            ASM International (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced it has joined as a founding member of...,Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 03  2022ASM International (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced it has joined as a founding member of the Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC)  the first global collaborative of semiconductor companies focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions.The SCC is formed with other companies across the semiconductor value chain and SEMI  the global industry association representing the electronics  manufacturing  and design supply chain. The SCC is established with the goal to build a lasting framework that connects stakeholders to leverage member knowledge and improve the speed and scale by which the industry can respond to climate change.“Focus on sustainability is one of the pillars in our strategy. We are excited to be a founding member of the SCC  which we see as a fundamentally innovative solution to this significant industry challenge.” said Benjamin Loh  CEO of ASM.As ASM works toward its target of Net Zero emissions by 2035  a key benefit of the SCC will be in methods and standards for addressing Scope 3 collaboratively across the semiconductor industry value chain.ASM played a key role in the creation of the SCC  represented by John Golightly  ASM Senior Director of Environmental Health and Safety & Sustainability  who led the formation of  and chaired the SEMI working group that developed the scope and framework of the SCC. “Past methods of engaging our value chain are insufficient given the needed scale and limited time available. Together through the SCC we strive to achieve impact and scale well beyond our individual efforts in response to the climate change.” said John Golightly.“I applaud ASM for its commitment to become a founding member of the Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC) and for its continued support of global sustainability efforts ” said Ajit Manocha  SEMI President and CEO. “Individually  SEMI member companies have made tremendous strides on sustainability  but we need to pool industry resources to solve the difficult decarbonization challenges and to meet tracking and reporting requirements across the value chain. The SCC members look forward to defining and prioritizing sustainability goals and to harness the collective energy of the global semiconductor supply chain to create solutions.”The SCC and SEMI will hold launch ceremonies and discussion panels at COP27 in Sharm El-Sheikh  Egypt.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.05,0.59,True,English,"['SEMICONDUCTOR CLIMATE CONSORTIUM', 'ASM JOINS', 'FOUNDING MEMBER', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'global semiconductor supply chain', 'ASM International N.V.', 'semiconductor industry value chain', 'design supply chain', 'common stock trades', 'first global collaborative', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Net Zero emissions', 'difficult decarbonization challenges', 'global industry association', 'semiconductor value chain', 'Semiconductor Climate Consortium', 'SEMI working group', 'significant industry challenge', 'ASM Senior Director', 'global sustainability efforts', 'The SCC members', 'SEMI member companies', 'semiconductor companies', 'semiconductor devices', 'climate change', 'individual efforts', 'significant orders', 'industry resources', 'industry cycles', 'other companies', 'founding member', 'member knowledge', 'innovative solution', 'Benjamin Loh', 'key benefit', 'key role', 'John Golightly', 'Environmental Health', 'limited time', 'continued support', 'Ajit Manocha', 'SEMI President', 'tremendous strides', 'reporting requirements', 'collective energy', 'discussion panels', 'Sharm El-Sheikh', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'The Netherlands', 'The Company', 'sustainability goals', 'lasting framework', 'Past methods', 'process solutions', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'ASM.', 'SCC.', 'Almere', 'November', 'electronics', 'manufacturing', 'stakeholders', 'speed', 'scale', 'Focus', 'pillars', 'strategy', 'CEO', 'target', 'standards', 'creation', 'Safety', 'formation', 'scope', 'impact', 'response', 'commitment', 'tracking', 'launch', 'ceremonies', 'COP27', 'Egypt', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Investor']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005704/en/Successful-Launch-of-EUTELSAT-HOTBIRD-13G-Satellite,Successful Launch of EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G Satellite,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Successful launch of EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) (Paris:ETL) announced that EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite was successfully launched into Geostationary Transfer Orbit by American space launch provider SpaceX using a Falcon 9 rocket that lifted off from Cape Canaveral  Florida  USA at 1.22 am Eastern time on November 3rd (corresponding to 5.22 am UTC and 6.22 am CET on November 3rd).The separation of the all-electric satellite occurred after a 35-minute flight and the spacecraft systems initialisation was successfully completed over a period of 3 hours.EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G is the second of two satellites built by manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space to be placed at Eutelsat’s flagship 13-degree East neighbourhood position  replacing three older satellites. It is also based on the Eurostar Neo telecommunications satellite platform  developed under an ESA Partnership Project with Airbus designed to foster innovation and competitiveness in the European space industry. Once into orbit and positioned  the satellite EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G will  with its twin EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F launched on October 15th  reinforce and enhance the broadcast of more than a thousand television channels into homes across Europe  Northern Africa and the Middle East. Moreover  the two satellites will offer advanced features in terms of uplink signal protection and resilience.In February 2021  Eutelsat was entrusted once again by the European Union Agency for the Space Programme (EUSPA) to host the EGNOS GEO-4 payload  which is on board EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G. Eutelsat already operates the EGNOS GEO-3 payload on its EUTELSAT 5 West B satellite.EGNOS is the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service that acts as an augmentation service to global positioning systems  to improve the reliability of positioning information. This is ensured by a crucial integrity message which is essential in aviation where the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) alone doesnot satisfy strict operational requirements set by the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO). It is especially important during critical aircraft flight stages such as the final approach. Other transport means including maritime and rail benefit from this EGNOS Safety of Life service. EGNOS also increases the positioning accuracy for other applications  such as precision farming  geomatics  land management and maritime.Eva Berneke  Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer said: ""EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G is now on its way to join EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F at our flagship 13-degree East position. We also look forward to completing the GNSS network for our European Union long term customer and partner  the EUSPA. My congratulations to the Eutelsat  Airbus and SpaceX teams for another successful launch into geostationary orbit.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.com",positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.04,0.46,True,English,"['EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G Satellite', 'Successful Launch', 'Eurostar Neo telecommunications satellite platform', 'European Union long term customer', 'flagship 13-degree East neighbourhood position', 'European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service', 'flagship 13-degree East position', 'Global Navigation Satellite System', 'critical aircraft flight stages', 'International Civil Aviation Organisation', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'a thousand television channels', 'EUTELSAT 5 West B satellite', 'American space launch provider', 'twin EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F', 'satellite EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G', 'EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite', 'European Union Agency', 'leading satellite operators', 'European space industry', 'uplink signal protection', 'crucial integrity message', 'strict operational requirements', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'leading media groups', 'one billion viewers', 'uncluttered space environment', 'Other transport means', 'Geostationary Transfer Orbit', 'three older satellites', 'EGNOS GEO-4 payload', 'EGNOS GEO-3 payload', 'global positioning systems', '7,000 television channels', 'electric satellite', 'Middle East', 'geostationary orbit', '35-minute flight', 'successful launch', 'global fleet', 'Space Programme', 'spacecraft systems', 'augmentation service', 'Life service', 'other applications', 'positioning information', 'positioning accuracy', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Falcon 9 rocket', 'Cape Canaveral', 'Eastern time', 'two satellites', 'Partnership Project', 'Northern Africa', 'advanced features', 'final approach', 'EGNOS Safety', 'precision farming', 'land management', 'Eva Berneke', 'ground infrastructure', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'sustainable development', 'business activities', 'orbit resources', 'digital divide', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'GNSS network', 'SpaceX teams', 'Euronext Paris', 'Airbus Defence', 'ETL', 'Florida', 'November', 'separation', 'period', '3 hours', 'manufacturer', 'innovation', 'competitiveness', 'October', 'broadcast', 'homes', 'terms', 'resilience', 'February', 'EUSPA', 'board', 'reliability', 'ICAO', 'maritime', 'rail', 'geomatics', 'way', 'congratulations', 'world', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'Data', 'Government', 'Fixed', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', '1.22', '5.22']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teco-2030-shell-partners-receive-050000610.html,TECO 2030  Shell and Partners To Receive EUR 5 Million in Horizon Europe Support for 2.4 MW TECO 2030 PEM Fuel Cell System for Tanker Retrofit Project,TECO 2030 (OSE:TECO  OTCQX:TECFF) with partners have been invited for HORIZON EUROPE funding of EUR 5 million to realise the hydrogen powered tanker concept ...,"LYSAKER  NORWAY / ACCESSWIRE / November 3  2022 / TECO 2030 (OSE:TECO  OTCQX:TECFF) with partners have been invited for HORIZON EUROPE funding of EUR 5 million to realise the hydrogen powered tanker concept  HyEkoTank. All beneficiaries have now signed the GA Declaration of Honour  stating that they are committed to participate in the project. The consortium expects to finalise the Grant Agreement process within the end of this year  and plans project startup by February 1st  2023.Picture text: Concept illustration HyEkoTank. Retrofit installation of fuel cells with compressed hydrogen storage on existing Ektank vessel. The solution can eliminate emissions in port and reduce up to 100% of GHG emissions on voyages.In addition to TECO 2030  Shell International Trading and Shipping Company Limited and Shell International Exploration and Production BV  the HyEkoTank project involves partners Ektank AB  Blom Maritime AS  TECO Solutions AS  Umoe Advanced Composites AS (UAC)  FKAB Marine Design  Neste Oyj  and UiT - The Arctic University of Norway.The HyEkoTank project will retrofit a 18.600 DWT product tanker with a 2.4 MW fuel cell system by TECO 2030 and 4000 kg compressed hydrogen storage for demonstration in 2024.The HyEkoTank hydrogen powered tanker will demonstrate zero emission at berth and 60% reduction of GHG emissions during voyage. This pioneering project could become a first mover in this maritime shipping segment and contribute to achieving the ambitious climate targets set by the European Union. As part of the European Green Deal  the EU has committed to reducing GHG emissions by 55% by 2030  and a binding target of achieving climate neutrality by 2050. Under the ‘Fit for 55 package' the EU is currently developing its climate  energy and transport-related legislation to align current laws with the 2030 and 2050 ambitions.""We are proud to have been invited for funding from HORIZON EUROPE as we move forward with the integration of TECO 2030 Fuel Cells onboard ships. The hydrogen tanker concept will be a state-of-the-art vessel retrofitted to reduce up to 100% of GHG emissions during voyage and at berth "" says Tore Enger  Group CEO  TECO 2030. ""There is no doubt that zero emission is the way forward if we have any ambition to reach the targets in the Paris Agreement "" Enger adds.Story continues""Shell is proud to be a part of this fuel cell project  which aims to demonstrate the viability of hydrogen as a zero-carbon fuel for the maritime sector. Our target is to be a net-zero emissions energy business by 2050 and to accelerate this transition we are partnering with customers and businesses from across the sectors. Shell will purchase the fuel cell system and provide the renewable hydrogen to power this pioneering project as we continue to drive innovation to deliver the cleaner energy solutions that our customers need."" says Carl Henrickson  General Manager Technology  Innovation & Digitalisation  Shell Shipping and Maritime.""We are pleased to contribute with our high-quality and energy-efficient vessels towards the development of zero-emission technologies to meet environmental demands and regulations. We are delighted with how suitable our vessels fit into the concept of HyEkoTank which is aligned perfectly with our Company's environmental strategy "" says Jörgen Johnsson  CEO Ektank AB.""Supporting the shipping industry towards carbon neutrality requires partnerships  new innovations and utilizing all available solutions. As maritime is one of the largest sources of transport emissions  there is an urgent need for lower-emission solutions that are available already today. Neste is excited to be part of this project which enables significant reduction in GHG emissions. This is again another step towards decarbonizing the industry and well aligned with our sustainability targets to enable low carbon shipping of renewable fuels "" says Lauri Helin  Vice President  Logistics & Operations Oil Products  Neste.""BLOM Maritime is proud to be part of this exciting project. We are a strong believer in the maritime industries change to more eco-friendly power systems and are proud to be part of the HyEkoTank project funded by HORIZON EUROPE. This is a milestone for greener shipping and fully aligned with the IMO/UN goals and BLOM Maritime's company vision"" says Marius Blom  Group CEO  BLOM Maritime.""TECO Solutions is excited to take part in the HyEkoTank project  with funding from HORIZON EUROPE. Our aim is to be at forefront of the decarbonizing the maritime industry and see this milestone project as a fantastic opportunity in this regard. We aspire to utilize our vast experience from maritime installations to be a valuable contributor into this important project "" says Eivind Hermansen  CEO  TECO Solutions.Contact:TECO 2030: Tore Enger  Group CEO  +4792083800  tore.enger@teco2030.noAbout TECO 2030:Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.SOURCE: TECO 2030 ASAView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/723639/TECO-2030-Shell-and-Partners-To-Receive-EUR-5-Million-in-Horizon-Europe-Support-for-24-MW-TECO-2030-PEM-Fuel-Cell-System-for-Tanker-Retrofit-Project",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['2.4 MW TECO 2030 PEM Fuel Cell System', 'Tanker Retrofit Project', 'Europe Support', 'Shell', 'Partners', 'Horizon', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'The HyEkoTank hydrogen powered tanker', 'Umoe Advanced Composites AS', '2.4 MW fuel cell system', '4000 kg compressed hydrogen storage', 'hydrogen powered tanker concept', 'first Giga production facility', 'net-zero emissions energy business', '18.600 DWT product tanker', 'The Arctic University', 'hydrogen tanker concept', 'FKAB Marine Design', 'General Manager Technology', 'Jörgen Johnsson', 'eco-friendly power systems', 'fuel cell project', 'Grant Agreement process', 'European Green Deal', 'Shell International Trading', 'Shell International Exploration', 'cleaner energy solutions', 'low carbon shipping', 'The HyEkoTank project', 'existing Ektank vessel', 'Blom Maritime AS', 'Shipping Company Limited', 'maritime shipping segment', 'TECO Solutions AS', 'TECO 2030 Fuel Cells', 'CEO Ektank AB', 'ambitious climate targets', 'HORIZON EUROPE funding', 'renewable hydrogen', 'zero-carbon fuel', 'first mover', 'Production BV', 'production capacity', 'Concept illustration', 'European Union', 'Paris Agreement', 'Shell Shipping', 'carbon neutrality', 'greener shipping', 'available solutions', 'lower-emission solutions', 'Marius Blom', 'shipping industry', 'GHG emissions', 'transport emissions', 'OTCQX:TECFF', 'GA Declaration', 'Picture text', 'Retrofit installation', 'climate neutrality', 'transport-related legislation', 'current laws', 'Group CEO', 'maritime sector', 'Carl Henrickson', 'zero-emission technologies', 'environmental demands', 'environmental strategy', 'new innovations', 'largest sources', 'urgent need', 'sustainability targets', 'renewable fuels', 'Lauri Helin', 'Vice President', 'Oil Products', 'strong believer', 'maritime industries', 'IMO/UN goals', 'company vision', 'fantastic opportunity', 'vast experience', 'maritime installations', 'valuable contributor', 'Eivind Hermansen', 'output capacity', 'pioneering project', 'exciting project', 'important project', 'maritime industry', 'binding target', 'Tore Enger', 'energy-efficient vessels', 'significant reduction', 'milestone project', 'Neste Oyj', '60% reduction', 'LYSAKER', 'NORWAY', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'OSE', 'partners', 'beneficiaries', 'Honour', 'consortium', 'year', 'startup', 'February', 'voyages', 'addition', 'UAC', 'UiT', 'demonstration', 'berth', '55 package', '2050 ambitions', 'integration', 'ships', 'state', 'doubt', 'Story', 'viability', 'transition', 'customers', 'businesses', 'sectors', 'Digitalisation', 'high-quality', 'development', 'regulations', 'step', 'Logistics', 'Operations', 'aim', 'forefront', 'regard', 'Contact', 'modules', 'Narvik']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000102.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.19,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '1,700 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000032.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.19,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '1,700 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005486/en/Razorfish-Finds-70-of-Web3-Early-Adopters-Value-Virtual-Goods-as-Much-or-More-Than-Physical-Products,Razorfish Finds 70% of Web3 Early Adopters Value Virtual Goods as Much  or More Than  Physical Products,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Razorfish  a global leader in marketing transformation  today released findings from a new research study aiming to better understand consumer attitudes around virtual goods and how these perceptions are reshaping digital culture. T…,"NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Razorfish  a global leader in marketing transformation  today released findings from a new research study aiming to better understand consumer attitudes around virtual goods and how these perceptions are reshaping digital culture. The study  Unlocking the Real Impact of Virtual Goods  aims to help brands identify opportunities to connect with consumers in the new digital frontier of Web3.The analysis  which surveyed consumers who currently own or had owned a virtual good within the past year  focuses on consumers' unique attitudes  perceptions  behaviors  and spending habits. It found that more than 70 percent of these early adopters view virtual goods as equally valuable to  or more valuable than  physical ones.“The rise of Web3 is exciting because of the amazing potential it has to revolutionize how people engage with the digital world ” said Cristina Lawrence  EVP  Consumer & Content Experience. ""We set out to understand consumer perceptions around virtual goods as mechanisms to express themselves and engage in communities. For brands  virtual goods offer new connection points – or even wholly new revenue streams – with these consumers.”Many are already investing non-essential “play funds” into virtual goods. Of all early adopters surveyed  38% reported spending at least a quarter of their discretionary income on virtual goods  and 35% spend at least $1 000 on their virtual portfolio. A majority anticipate that they will increase their spend on virtual goods in the coming year.The study also investigated how virtual goods provide perceived luxury:Desired acquisition : How branded virtual goods increase everyday consumers’ online influence and enhance their digital identity.: How branded virtual goods increase everyday consumers’ online influence and enhance their digital identity. Emotional importance : How consumers perceive virtual goods produced by both mass-market and premium brands.: How consumers perceive virtual goods produced by both mass-market and premium brands. Access and exclusivity: What expectations consumers have about virtual ownership and participation in exclusive communities.The research results come on the heels of Razorfish announcing its new  experience-driven Web3 capabilities  which included Razorfish Drop  an agile  portable  and turnkey solution that enables brands to develop and productize real-time virtual goods and direct-to-avatar commerce streams with contextual relevance and scale.MethodologyRazorfish partnered with research firm GWI to develop an online recontact survey sent to respondents meeting strict criteria around virtual good ownership. The 10-minute survey was then distributed to the panel in an online format to 436 respondents ages 16-64  with a skew toward Gen X and Gen Y.GWI’s recontact methodology enabled Razorfish to reach respondents who completed its core survey within the last 4 waves. Data from that recontact was selectively synced with core data  which consists of more than 35 000 data points.About RazorfishRazorfish is a global leader in marketing transformation. We help brands and businesses grow by creating unforgettable experiences that connect and enrich people’s lives. A digital pioneer since the dawn of the internet  we’re back to write a new chapter. Everything we make starts with people. Our 1 400 strategy  data  creative and technology experts combine digital innovation  data and cultural insights to help us understand what people want at every part of the journey. Through capabilities in products & platforms; physical & digital; and campaigns & content  we turn ideas into experiences that make a difference for our clients  their customers  and the world we all live in.Learn more at razorfish.com. Twitter: @wearerazorfish | LinkedIn | Instagram | Facebook. Razorfish is part of Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40]  a global leader in communication.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.15,0.23,True,English,"['Web3 Early Adopters', 'Virtual Goods', 'Physical Products', 'Razorfish', 'everyday consumers’ online influence', 'new, experience-driven Web3 capabilities', 'non-essential “play funds', 'avatar commerce streams', 'new revenue streams', 'new connection points', 'new digital frontier', 'online recontact survey', 'real-time virtual goods', 'virtual good ownership', 'new research study', 'online format', 'NEW YORK', 'new chapter', 'virtual ownership', 'research results', 'research firm', '10-minute survey', 'core survey', 'virtual portfolio', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'global leader', 'marketing transformation', 'digital culture', 'Real Impact', 'past year', 'unique attitudes', 'early adopters', 'amazing potential', 'Cristina Lawrence', 'a quarter', 'discretionary income', 'coming year', 'Desired acquisition', 'digital identity', 'Emotional importance', 'agile, portable', 'turnkey solution', 'contextual relevance', 'strict criteria', 'Gen X', 'Gen Y', 'last 4 waves', 'digital pioneer', 'technology experts', 'digital innovation', 'cultural insights', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Euronext Paris', '35,000 data points', 'consumer attitudes', 'spending habits', 'digital world', 'Content Experience', 'exclusive communities', 'recontact methodology', 'unforgettable experiences', 'core data', 'premium brands', 'Razorfish Drop', 'consumer perceptions', 'findings', 'opportunities', 'analysis', 'behaviors', '70 percent', 'physical', 'rise', 'people', 'EVP', 'mechanisms', 'majority', 'luxury', 'mass-market', 'Access', 'exclusivity', 'expectations', 'participation', 'heels', 'scale', 'GWI', 'respondents', 'panel', 'skew', 'businesses', 'lives', 'dawn', 'internet', 'Everything', '1,400 strategy', 'creative', 'journey', 'products', 'platforms', 'campaigns', 'ideas', 'difference', 'clients', 'customers', 'Twitter', 'wearerazorfish', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'CAC', 'communication']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/absolut-vodka-ardagh-group-co-080000207.html,Absolut Vodka and Ardagh Group co-invest in hydrogen-fired glass furnace in a global spirits industry first,Absolut Vodka is to become the first global spirits brand to move to a partly hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace for large-scale production in a significant...,"STOCKHOLM  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Absolut Vodka is to become the first global spirits brand to move to a partly hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace for large-scale production in a significant step to reduce the CO 2 emissions from making its iconic bottles. The hydrogen initiative is an important milestone for Absolut Vodka in becoming completely CO 2 neutral by 2030. A prerequisite for being able to meet this goal is in reducing the carbon footprint of its glass packaging.Absolut has been a partner with Ardagh's Limmared glassworks in Sweden for 40 yearsAbsolut has signed an agreement with Ardagh Glass Packaging in Limmared  a subsidiary of Ardagh Group  to use this partly hydrogen-fired furnace commencing in the second half of 2023. The pioneering collaboration will accelerate the transformation of the global glassmaking process for a more sustainable future.Absolut has been a partner with Ardagh's Limmared glassworks in Sweden for 40 years  which currently uses a combination of natural gas and electricity to power its furnaces. From the second half of 2023  Ardagh will launch a pilot in its Limmared plant replacing 20 per cent of its natural gas with green hydrogen to manufacture all of Absolut's bottles across its portfolio. This means a full-scale change of the continuous production of Absolut bottles for all markets globally. The hydrogen will be produced onsite at Ardagh by using renewably sourced electricity.An industry wide quest for reducing climate impact is taking place. Combined with other innovations and sustainability initiatives  new technologies such as hydrogen furnaces will reduce carbon emissions from glass production significantly.The use of hydrogen would reduce Absolut Vodka's carbon footprint from glass by 20%. It follows other joint initiatives to reduce carbon emissions  such as the light-weighting of glass  increased use of electricity in the current furnace and a significant increase in recycled flint glass – today reaching 53% with the ambition to go even further.Absolut owns one of the world's most energy-efficient distilleries. It has 98 per cent fewer emissions than an average distillery and has built up a surplus of emission rights as a result. The intent is to use these to invest in green transformation. Absolut will support Ardagh in this project and the parties will work together to fulfill Absolut's ambitions of a CO 2 neutral product by 2030 by using today's and tomorrow's best available technologies in glass manufacturing.Story continuesStéphanie Durroux  Chief Executive of The Absolut Company  says: ""Given we've been investing in our own production for decades  decreasing our emissions and increasing energy efficiency  we're now in a position where we also can focus on the parts of our value chain that are outside or our own scope. The glass manufacturing industry is in a transformative journey  and the world can't wait for the perfect solution. A bold and innovative approach is needed to accelerate radical change that will help solve the significant sustainability challenges that all glassmakers and buyers of glass face.""Bo Nilsson  Managing Director of Ardagh Glass Limmared AB  added: ""Our industry needs to be less reliant on fossil fuels and transition at pace to using more green energy. By investing in this new technology  we are embarking on a journey to reduce the carbon footprint of our glass packaging. There are challenges with such innovation  but we are committed to being an early mover in future-proofing our glass manufacturing operations world-wide.""For more information  assets or interview requests  please contact:Michael Lambmichael.lamb@mcsaatchi.com+44 75124 30936Notes to editors:About The Absolut CompanyThe Absolut Company has the worldwide responsibility for the production  packaging innovation and strategic marketing of Absolut Vodka  Malibu and Kahlúa.Absolut Vodka is one of the world's top ten international spirits brands. Every bottle of Absolut Vodka comes from one source  Åhus in southern Sweden.Malibu is the number one rum-based coconut spirit in the world. Kahlúa coffee liqueur is the world leader in its category. The Absolut Company portfolio also includes Åhus Akvavit. The visitor center  Absolut Home  located next to the main production site for Absolut Vodka  was opened in 2018. The head office is located in Stockholm  Sweden. Chairman and CEO is Stéphanie Durroux. The Absolut Company is a part of Pernod Ricard  the world's second-largest wine and spirits producer (source: IWSR).About Pernod RicardPernod Ricard is the No.2 worldwide producer of wines and spirits with consolidated sales amounting to €10 701 million in fiscal year FY22. The Group  which owns 17 of the Top 100 Spirits Brands  holds one of the most prestigious and comprehensive portfolios in the industry with over 240 premium brands distributed across more than 160 markets. Pernod Ricard's portfolio includes Absolut Vodka  Ricard pastis  Ballantine's  Chivas Regal  Royal Salute  The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies  Jameson Irish whiskey  Martell cognac  Havana Club rum  Beefeater gin  Malibu liqueur and Mumm and Perrier-Jouët champagnes. The Group's mission is to unlock the magic of human connections by bringing ""Good Times from a Good Place""  in line with its Sustainability and Responsibility roadmap. Pernod Ricard's decentralised organisation empowers its 19 480 employees to be on-the-ground ambassadors of its purposeful and inclusive culture of conviviality  bringing people together in meaningful  sustainable and responsible ways to create value over the long term. Executing its strategic plan  Transform & Accelerate  Pernod Ricard now relies on its ""Conviviality Platform""  a new growth model based on data and artificial intelligence to meet the ever-changing demand of consumers.Pernod Ricard is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI; ISIN Code:FR0000120693) and is part of the CAC 40 and Eurostoxx 50 indices.About Ardagh SwedenArdagh Glass Limmared AB is part of the Ardagh Group  a global supplier of sustainable  infinitely recyclable  metal and glass packaging for brand owners around the world. Ardagh operates 65 metal and glass production facilities in 16 countries  employing 20 000 people with sales of approximately $10bn.Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1936390/Absolut_Partner_with_Ardagh.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/absolut-vodka-and-ardagh-group-co-invest-in-hydrogen-fired-glass-furnace-in-a-global-spirits-industry-first-301666989.htmlSOURCE The Absolut Company",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.15,0.03,True,English,"['hydrogen-fired glass furnace', 'global spirits industry', 'Absolut Vodka', 'Ardagh Group', 'top ten international spirits brands', 'The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies', 'first global spirits brand', 'Kahlúa coffee liqueur', 'hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace', 'Top 100 Spirits Brands', 'The Absolut Company portfolio', 'Ardagh Glass Limmared AB', 'global glassmaking process', 'Stéphanie Durroux', 'rum-based coconut spirit', 'Jameson Irish whiskey', 'CO 2 neutral product', 'best available technologies', 'industry wide quest', 'other joint initiatives', 'No.2 worldwide producer', 'glass manufacturing operations', 'main production site', 'glass manufacturing industry', 'significant sustainability challenges', 'Ardagh Glass Packaging', 'spirits producer', '240 premium brands', 'The Group', 'sustainability initiatives', 'hydrogen-fired furnace', 'current furnace', 'other innovations', 'new technologies', 'worldwide responsibility', 'significant step', 'significant increase', 'flint glass', 'Limmared glassworks', 'Limmared plant', 'glass production', 'CO 2 emissions', 'hydrogen initiative', 'important milestone', 'carbon footprint', 'second half', 'pioneering collaboration', 'sustainable future', 'natural gas', '20 per cent', 'green hydrogen', 'full-scale change', 'climate impact', 'energy-efficient distilleries', '98 per cent', 'average distillery', 'emission rights', 'Chief Executive', 'energy efficiency', 'value chain', 'perfect solution', 'innovative approach', 'radical change', 'Bo Nilsson', 'Managing Director', 'fossil fuels', 'green energy', 'new technology', 'early mover', 'interview requests', 'strategic marketing', 'visitor center', 'head office', 'Pernod Ricard', 'largest wine', 'consolidated sales', 'fiscal year', 'comprehensive portfolios', 'Ricard pastis', 'Chivas Regal', 'Royal Salute', 'Martell cognac', 'Absolut Vodka', 'Absolut Home', 'large-scale production', 'continuous production', 'Ardagh Group', 'packaging innovation', 'iconic bottles', 'Absolut bottles', 'carbon emissions', 'hydrogen furnaces', 'green transformation', 'transformative journey', 'one source', 'Åhus Akvavit', 'southern Sweden', 'world leader', 'Michael Lamb', 'PRNewswire', 'prerequisite', 'goal', 'partner', '40 years', 'agreement', 'subsidiary', 'combination', 'electricity', 'pilot', 'markets', 'place', 'use', 'light-weighting', 'ambition', 'surplus', 'result', 'intent', 'project', 'parties', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'Story', 'decades', 'position', 'parts', 'scope', 'bold', 'glassmakers', 'buyers', 'pace', 'information', 'assets', 'Notes', 'editors', 'Malibu', 'number', 'category', 'Stockholm', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'IWSR', 'wines', 'prestigious', 'Ballantine']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wavestone-ranked-forbes-worlds-best-144900414.html,Wavestone Ranked in Forbes World's Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List,"Wavestone features in the first edition of the ""World Best Consulting Firms"" list launched by Forbes and powered by Statistica. 250 consulting firms were...","LONDON  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wavestone features in the first edition of the ""World Best Consulting Firms"" list launched by Forbes and powered by Statistica. 250 consulting firms were chosen and ranked by the clients themselves  to help business leaders select the best consulting firms in the market. Wavestone is delighted that the UK is ranked as one of four of its countries and eighteen of its categories of expertise.Wavestone is honored to be named among the world’s best management consulting firms in 2022 by Forbes & Statista.About the Forbes | Statista surveyForbes has recognized Wavestone  a business and digital consulting firm  as one of the ""World's Best Management Consulting Firms 2022"". The annual ranking is a go-to resource for business leaders to evaluate when they need help selecting a trusted advisor. Wavestone's inclusion among this year's top management consulting firms is a testament to its success delivering a winning mix of extensive hands-on experience  powerful analytical skills  and creative problem-solving to address clients' most critical transformations.To determine the list  Forbes and Statista conducted an independent evaluation of thousands of multinational management consultancies across 13 industries and 14 functional areas  in the United States  Germany  France  the United Kingdom  Switzerland  and Japan. These firms were evaluated based on survey results of peers  including partners and executives from the management consultancies  as well as recommendations from clients to identify the world's best. To make it to this year's list  global consulting companies were assessed on their ability to adapt and remain competitive during the COVID-19 pandemic  while also evolving to better provide services to their client's changing needs. They were ranked according: to five stars for « very frequently recommended »  four stars for ""frequently recommended""  and three stars for ""recommended"".Focus on Wavestone's performanceWavestone is a transformation consulting firm that offers a seamless combination of business  technology  and sustainability skills. Forbes | Statistica has been recommended as a top firm (4-star rating) in two categories - Digital Transformation and Change Management - in the scope of the United States  United Kingdom  Switzerland  and France. In the other 17 areas  Wavestone also scored three stars  including in the area of Data Analytics & Big Data  Energy & Environment  and IT Strategy & IT Implementation.Story continues""We are honored to be ranked by Forbes Statista  which recognizes the work of our teams globally. Our collective commitment is  and always has been  to put our clients' needs first and serve as their go-to partner as they navigate these complex times "" said Reza Maghsoudnia  Strategic Development Director at Wavestone. ""Creating sustainable business outcomes that accelerate transformation journeys is our passion. Lowering cost and risk  driving operational excellence  and moving businesses forward is our expertise. Congratulations to all the Wavestone professionals who make this a reality.""Mike Newlove  UK Practice Lead comments: ""I am delighted that the UK is recognised in this ranking. We pride ourselves in delivering the best outcomes for our clients  so being part of this ranking is a true testament to this. I'm proud of our team for continuing to deliver outstanding results for our clients.""About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is the key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large companies and organisations in their most critical transformations  with the ambition of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. It's an ambition anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in the signature ""The Positive Way.""Wavestone draws on about 4 000 employees across Europe – where it is a leading independent player in consulting  the United States and Asia.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognised as a Great Place to Work®.More information on www.wavestone.comAbout the Forbes InstituteForbes is an American business magazine founded in 1917 by Bertie Charles Forbes. The magazine is known for its numerous annual rankings of companies  personalities  and places.More information at www.forbes.comAbout StatistaStatista is an online portal offering statistics from institute data  market  and opinion research as well as data from the economic sector. Within just a few years  Statista managed to establish itself as a leading provider of market and consumer data.More information on statista.comWavestone Laura Gordon laura.gordon@wavestone.com Tel: +44 (0)7787 115 642 Wellcom PR Agency Sonia El Ouardisonia.elouardi@wellcom.fr Tel: +33 1 46 34 60 60Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1937543/Wavestone_Forbes.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/wavestone-ranked-in-forbes-worlds-best-management-consulting-firms-2022-list-301667840.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.15,0.08,True,English,"['Best Management Consulting Firms', 'Forbes World', 'Wavestone', '2022 List', 'World Best Consulting Firms"" list', 'UK Practice Lead comments', 'best management consulting firms', 'Wavestone Laura Gordon laura', 'top management consulting firms', 'Strategic Development Director', 'Wellcom PR Agency', 'Sonia El Ouardi', 'multinational management consultancies', 'powerful analytical skills', 'The Positive Way', 'numerous annual rankings', 'global consulting companies', 'leading independent player', 'digital consulting firm', 'Bertie Charles Forbes', 'sustainable business outcomes', 'transformation consulting firm', 'American business magazine', '250 consulting firms', 'best outcomes', 'Forbes Institute Forbes', 'top firm', 'Change Management', 'independent evaluation', 'sustainability skills', 'Digital Transformation', 'positive outcome', 'leading provider', 'institute data', 'first edition', 'business leaders', 'trusted advisor', 'winning mix', 'creative problem-solving', 'critical transformations', '14 functional areas', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'survey results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'changing needs', 'five stars', 'four stars', 'three stars', 'seamless combination', 'other 17 areas', 'IT Strategy', 'IT Implementation', 'collective commitment', 'complex times', 'Reza Maghsoudnia', 'transformation journeys', 'operational excellence', 'Mike Newlove', 'outstanding results', 'large companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'More information', 'online portal', 'opinion research', 'economic sector', 'original content', 'Data Analytics', 'Big Data', 'consumer data', 'two categories', 'true testament', 'Statista survey', 'Wavestone professionals', ""clients' needs"", 'Forbes Statista', 'LONDON', 'PRNewswire', 'Statistica', 'market', 'countries', 'expertise', 'resource', 'help', 'inclusion', 'year', 'success', 'experience', 'thousands', '13 industries', 'Germany', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Japan', 'peers', 'partners', 'executives', 'recommendations', 'services', 'Focus', 'performance', 'technology', 'scope', 'Energy', 'Environment', 'Story', 'work', 'teams', 'passion', 'cost', 'risk', 'businesses', 'Congratulations', 'reality', 'key', 'mission', 'organisations', 'ambition', 'stakeholders', 'DNA', 'signature', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'personalities', 'places', 'statistics', 'elouardi', 'Photo', 'Wavestone_Forbes', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'worlds-best-management-consulting-firms']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/euronext-italian-arm-to-become-group-wide-clearer-from-end-2023-1184733,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -   Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Pa…,Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG included an in-house clearer.“This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets ” Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.“LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis ” an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH’s London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.“In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs ” EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Earlier this week  Deutsche Boerse’s Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'share trades', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'heavy reliance', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Huw Jones', 'Mark Potter', 'Susan Fenton', 'LCH SA', 'LCH Group', 'side customers', 'Milan Exchange', 'London operation', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'exchanges', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'stock', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'Thursday', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'story', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'Editing']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,fxempire.com
12598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-to-present-at-jefferies-healthcare-conference-301667120.html,Pharming to present at Jefferies Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November …","LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November 15-17  2022.Pharming Group N.V.'s CEO will present on Tuesday  November 15 at 09:45 GMT / 10:45 CET.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Jefferies representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to investor@pharming.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Relations team', 'management team', 'Jefferies representative', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'London', 'CEO', 'Tuesday', 'November', '09:45 GMT', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo', '10:45']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,prnewswire.co.uk
12600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548091/0/en/TOUAX-Disclosure-of-Share-Capital-and-Voting-Rights.html,TOUAX : Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights,REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  3 November 2022 5:45 PM      YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION    Disclosure...,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATION Paris  3 November 2022 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Paris: TOUP)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* October 31  2022 7 011 547 8 350 461 8 267 061* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.36,0.0,True,English,"['Share Capital', 'Voting Rights', 'TOUAX', 'Disclosure', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Marchés Financiers', 'third party investors', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Total voting rights', 'Date Total shares', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'French Commercial Code', 'English French', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Register name', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'Managing Partners', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CAC® Small', 'Disclosure', 'II', 'des', 'issuer', 'TOUP', 'October', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '1 56']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forvia-capital-market-day-063000164.html,FORVIA Capital Market Day,Nanterre (France)  November 3  2022 2022 CAPITAL MARKETS DAY FORVIA UNVEILS POWER25 PLAN PROFITABLE GROWTH  CASH GENERATION & DELEVERAGING Faurecia and HELLA...,"FAURECIANanterre (France)  November 3  20222022 CAPITAL MARKETS DAYFORVIA UNVEILS POWER25 PLANPROFITABLE GROWTH  CASH GENERATION & DELEVERAGINGFaurecia and HELLA  operating together as FORVIA  are today hosting their first joint Capital Markets Day from 11:00am CET  during which the Group will present Power25  its new medium-term plan to drive profitable growth  enhance cash generation and accelerate Group deleveraging.Having embarked upon a profound transformation marked by Faurecia’s independence from Stellantis and its step-change acquisition of HELLA  the combined Group is now well positioned to be a global leader in sustainable mobility tech  in line with its newly unveiled mission statement: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.The ambitions of FORVIA’s Power25 plan are focused on three key strategic priorities:Drive sales growth through innovation and sustainabilityEnhance profitability and lower breakevenGenerate strong cash conversion and actively manage portfolio to accelerate Group deleveragingThese are translated into the following 2025 financial objectives (based on an assumption of worldwide automotive production of 88 million units in 2025  including vehicles between 3.5t and 6t in Asia vs. 89 million in 2019  and after the estimated effect of the €1bn disposal program already announced and to be completed by end-2023):2025 sales: c. €30bn2025 operating margin: above 7% of sales2025 net cash flow: 4% of salesNet-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA at Dec. 31  2025: below 1.5xDuring its Capital Markets Day  FORVIA will also detail Power25 actions to address short-term headwinds in 2023  such as high inflation  rising energy prices and persistent – albeit easing – supply-chain disruptions. The Group confirms the previously announced disposal program of €1 billion by end-2023. This program  combined with targeted net cash flow generation of above 1.5% of sales in 2023  will contribute to significant deleveraging as soon as the end of 2023  moving toward a targeted net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio below 1.5 times at end-2025.Story continuesPatrick KOLLER  CEO of Faurecia  declared:“Faurecia’s transformative acquisition of HELLA makes FORVIA a new global leader poised for profitable growth and strong value creation  even in current challenging market conditions  thanks to perfect alignment with automotive growth drivers.Today  we are taking a new step in our journey with the launch of Power25  which defines our three strategic priorities for the coming years: sales growth driven by innovation and sustainability; lower breakeven and enhanced profitability; and strong cash conversion and portfolio management to accelerate Group deleveraging after the HELLA acquisition.We are also adapting our financial targets to the macroeconomic environment and industry outlook. Our assumption of worldwide automotive production for 2025 is now revised to 88 million units  down 6 million vs. our previous assumption at the Capital Markets Day held in February 2021  a revision that is mainly due to tough macroeconomic conditions between 2021 and 2023. In this regard  our Power2025 also includes actions to face the short-term headwinds of 2023  before worldwide automotive production starts resuming growth supported by pent-up demand.With this assumption of 88 million units produced in 2025 and including the previously announced €1bn disposal program by end-2023  we are targeting sales of c. 30 billion euros and operating margin above 7% in 2025 with a strengthened balance sheet  reflected in a leverage ratio below 1.5 times EBITDA at end-2025.FORVIA is already in motion on these objectives  and well on its way to becoming a sustainable mobility tech leader  offering pioneering technology for mobility experiences that matter to people.”The Board of Directors of Faurecia  under the chairmanship of Michel de ROSEN  met on November 2 and reviewed the present Press Release.FORVIA 2025 FINANCIAL AMBITIONGroup Figures 2021* 2025** Sales €22.0bn c. €30.0bn Operating Margin 5.6% of sales >7% of sales Net cash flow 1% of sales 4% of sales(* pro forma figures) (** based on worldwide automotive production of 88 million units in 2025  incl. vehicles between 3.5t and 6t in Asia  and after the effect of the €1bn disposal program by end-2023)From a financial standpoint  actions will prioritize:Deleveraging: Through a mix of improved cash generation and the divestment of non-strategic assets  Faurecia will reduce its net debt to c. €6bn at end-2025 from €8.4bn at June 30  2022. This represents a net debt-to-Adjusted EBITDA ratio of below 1.5x from 3.1x at June 30  2022.FORVIA aims to generate cumulative net cash flow of more than €2.5 billion between the second half of 2022 and 2025  reaching 4% of sales by end-2025 from 1.5% in 2023. To achieve this  it has launched a companywide “Manage by cash” plan  combining:enhanced efficiency on R&D spending  heightened working capital discipline  targeting an operational reduction of at least 150bps as a percentage of sales between 2022 and 2025  including synergies  focused capex  targeting a reduction of 100bps as a percentage of sales between 2022 and 2025  active management of financings to ensure optimized interest rates in the medium term  optimized funding of hydrogen business development.FORVIA also confirms that its €1bn disposal program by end-2023 is well on track  with c. 30% announced to date and at least one further transaction to be disclosed by year-end.The Board of Directors of Faurecia  during its latest meeting held on November 2  decided to propose to the next Shareholders’ meeting that no dividend be paid in 2023.Cost reduction: FORVIA will actively cut costs in order to lower its breakeven point from a global production of 65 million units in 2022 to 61 million in 2025. It will mostly achieve this through a 300bps reduction in fixed costs as a percentage of sales between 2022 and 2025  comprising operational efficiency for about two thirds and net R&D and SG&A costs for one third. These cost-reduction measures include Faurecia-HELLA cost synergies and optimization  with FORVIA on track to achieve the announced objective of more than €250 million  of which 40% in 2023. Thanks to hedging policies and self-help measures  FORVIA will also limit the growth of its energy bill to 1.8x in 2023 vs. 2021 and will largely mitigate the impact of 2023 inflation through existing contractual pass-through policies and continued negotiations with OEMs.Robust and selective growth: Faurecia and HELLA’s strong order books since 2019 support FORVIA’s sales ambition  securing at least 80% of expected business in 2025 and allowing for higher selectivity to lift profitability and cash generation. FORVIA expects its 2021-2025 sales Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) to be above 9% before the effect of disposals  and 8% after  significantly outperforming market CAGR.HELLA: COMBINATION WITH FAURECIA ON TRACKFaurecia’s acquisition of HELLA has established FORVIA  the combined group  as the global #7 automotive supplier  strengthened by HELLA’s recognized technology leadership in such areas as Lighting and Electronics. HELLA will continue the strategy that has positioned it to benefit from key market trends in Electrification and Energy Management  Safe and Automated Driving and Digital and Sustainable Cockpit Experiences  while further internationalizing its business.The combination of operations with Faurecia is proceeding smoothly  with significant positive impact on activities such as joint purchasing and go-to-market  real estate management and sharing of best practices. Fiscal years have been aligned and Business Group-level reporting introduced at HELLA. Collaboration is accelerating  in particular between Faurecia Electronics and HELLA Electronics. Previously announced cost synergies are on track to reach more than €250m in 2025  with revenue synergies amounting to €300m-€400m. HELLA is expected to benefit from around 50% of validated sales and cost synergies.HELLA expects to increase revenues from €6.3bn in 2021 to more than €9.4bn in 2025  with the adjusted EBIT operating margin rising from 6% to above 8% and net cash flow from -1% of sales to around 4% of sales over the period  under HELLA accounting principles.As regards HELLA  please also refer to the press release issued separately by HELLA today (FORVIA’s Capital Markets Day includes HELLA’s analyst meeting  pursuant to sect. 55 of the Exchange Rules for the Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse FWB).OBJECTIVES BY BUSINESS GROUPFORVIA’s Power25 ambitions are supported by the following actions and objectives by Business Group:Business Groups Sales Operating Margin 2021 2025 2021-2025 2021 2025 Electronics* €3.5bn >€6.3bn CAGR >+16% 4.9% 8% Interiors €4.6bn >€6.3bn CAGR >+8% 4.1% 7% Seating €6.1bn >€8.0bn CAGR >+7% 4.7% 7% Lighting €3.0bn >€4.3bn CAGR +10% 1.8% >5% Clean Mobility €4.1bn €4.8bn CAGR +4% (only consolidated operations  i.e. excl. hydrogen revenues through Symbio) 9.5% >10% Lifecycle Solutions €0.9bn €1.2bn CAGR +7% >12% >12%(*Electronics is the combination of HELLA Electronics and Faurecia Electronics)Electronics: Combining strengths for profitable growthFORVIA Electronics benefits from the strong complementarity between HELLA and Faurecia Electronics. The combination places FORVIA in the top three in key automotive growth drivers such as Electrification and Energy Management  Safe and Automated Driving and Digital and Sustainable Cockpit Experiences. Its software capabilities (3 000 software engineers  #2 automotive app platform after Google) enable FORVIA to increase profitability  supported by a global R&D network increasingly focused on best-cost countries and an efficient manufacturing footprint.FORVIA Electronics will grow sales from €3.5bn in 2021 to more than €6.3bn in 2025  with innovation and software as key growth drivers. Operating margin will grow from 4.9% in 2021 to 8.0% in 2025 through operating synergies and operational efficiency. Electronics will also benefit from a mix improvement at Faurecia Electronics  contributing to its profitability turnaround.Interiors: Leveraging #1 position with sustainabilityLeveraging strong synergies with Lighting and Electronics  FORVIA aims to consolidate its position as #1 worldwide in core product lines and be market leader in Sustainable Cockpit Experiences. It will achieve this through: enhanced process automation and digitalization (Interiors 4.0); greater use of sustainable materials and lightweight architectures; and additional functionalities enabling a significant increase in content per vehicle for a unique user experience (surface activation).Interiors will grow sales from €4.6bn in 2021 to more than €6.3bn in 2025  outperforming the market by more than 500 bps in BEV  driven by China and North America  which should post CAGR above 15%. Operating margin will grow from 4.1% to 7% through optimisation of capex  which will decrease to 3.1% of sales in 2025 from 3.4% in 2021  improved inventory management  footprint massification and order intake selectivity.Seating: Strengthening Structures leadership while improving Complete Seats profitabilityFORVIA will build on its position as an innovation and sustainability leader in Seating. The Group will consolidate its global leadership in Seat Structure Systems with the ongoing scale-up on major OEM platforms  as well as the world’s most compact front seat architectures. In Complete Seats  FORVIA’s Seat for Me and Seat for the Planet offerings respond to demand for advanced  customized  modular and sustainable seating experiences  while creating new opportunities in the aftermarket and circular economy.Seating sales will grow from €6.1bn in 2021 to more than €8bn in 2025 for a CAGR of more than 7%. The operating margin will increase from 4.7% in 2021 to 7% in 2025. This will be driven by footprint massification  commercial management  a turnaround in the Michigan Seating operations and an improved sales mix  with Structures accounting for 43% of sales (vs. 35% in 2021).Lighting: Return to benchmark profitability with new EV businessFORVIA is positioned to accelerate the profitable growth of the Lighting business brought by HELLA  leveraging its natural complementarity with Interiors and Electronics. Electric vehicles represent 40% of the order book and are driving increased demand for lighting in interiors  front and rear signatures  phygital shields and safety applications  giving rise to strong customer interest and acquisitions beyond German OEMs  particularly in North America and China.Lighting sales will grow from €3bn in 2021 to more than €4.3bn in 2025. The operating margin will increase from 1.8% in 2021 to more than 5% in 2025  with profitability gains coming from footprint massification  standardization and selectivity in R&D and capex (with a 20% reduction to the capex and R&D cost to sales ratio).Clean Mobility: Combining cash-generative ULE with future promise of hydrogenClean Mobility combines mature and profitable ultra-low emissions (ULE) activities with promising Hydrogen Solutions  which are a key enabler for zero-emissions mobility. FORVIA is already positioned as a leader in hydrogen  with expected sales of more than €3.5bn in 2030. FORVIA is also able to take advantage of profitable business opportunities in the ULE market. Its position as a market reference allows FORVIA to focus on profitability  with well-balanced global sales and a diversified customer base increasing market share to 30% in 2030 from 26% today.Clean Mobility will increase consolidated sales from €4.1bn in 2021 to €4.8bn in 2025  with operating margin rising from 9.5% in 2021 to more than 10% in 2025 and ULE achieving a margin of 12%.Hydrogen Solutions  which combine Faurecia’s hydrogen operations with those of Symbio (50/50 JV with Michelin  not consolidated into FORVIA)  will reach breakeven between 2027 and 2030. Both Faurecia and Symbio’s hydrogen activities have recently been selected as being of common European interest in a project called “IPCEI Hy2Use”  jointly prepared and notified by 13 Member States  including France.Lifecycle Solutions: Leading the transformationVehicle electrification and sustainability will drive growth at FORVIA’s Lifecycle Solutions  which combine its Aftermarket activities  where FORVIA is a leading European player with global reach  and Special Original Equipment  where it is among the top 3 in Europe. Robust market growth in the Aftermarket (4.8% p.a.) and Special Original Equipment (5.4% p.a.) businesses makes them attractive segments through the cycle.Lifecycle Solutions sales will grow from €0.9bn in 2021 to €1.2bn in 2025 through embedded electric vehicle growth  new distribution models and cross-selling products and improved regional access. Operating margin will remain above 12% over the period  notably through process automation and best-cost footprint.ESG AS A BUSINESS DRIVERAs a leader in the automotive sector  FORVIA is focused on sustainability and responsibility.It is the first automotive company with a SBTi-approved net zero target: becoming carbon neutral for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2025  reducing scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 45% by 2030 and reaching net-zero GHG emissions across its entire value chain by 2045. FORVIA’s CO 2 roadmap is well on track  as its energy bill will grow only 1.8x between 2021 and 2023 thanks to energy savings and hedging  compared to 3.0x growth without these measures.FORVIA is also announcing the launch of MATERI’ACT  a new entity focused on sustainable materials  with expected sales of more than €2bn in 2030 and a team of 400 people by end-2025.In addition  FORVIA has made diversity and inclusion a priority  with an objective of 35% of women managers and professionals in 2030  and 30% of women in the company’s Top 300 in 2030.Last September  Faurecia was included in the Euronext CAC 40 ESG® index comprising the 40 companies within the CAC® Large 60 index that demonstrate the best Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) practices.FORVIA will present its ESG roadmap during its Sustainability Day on Friday  November 4.FORVIA’s Capital Markets Day today and Sustainability Day tomorrow will take place at Dock Eiffel  50  avenue du Président Wilson  93210 Saint Denis (France).For further information  please contact: contact@cmd2022-forvia.com** *All documents are available on the new FORVIA website: www.forvia.comA webcast will be held simultaneously  starting at 11:00am CET for registered participants  and a replay will be available as soon as technically possible after the end of the event.ContactsPressmedia@faurecia.comAnalysts/InvestorsMarc MAILLETHead of Investor RelationsTel: +33 (0)1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comAbout FaureciaFaurecia  company of the Group FORVIA  is a global automotive technology leader. With 250 industrial sites  39 R&D centers and 111 000 employees in 33 countries  Faurecia operates through four areas of business: Seating  Interiors  Faurecia Electronics and Clean Mobility. In 2021  the Group reported total turnover of €15.6 billion. Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and Euronext CAC 40 ESG® indexes. www.faurecia.comAbout FORVIAFORVIA  the world’s seventh largest automotive technology player  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With close to 300 industrial sites and 75 R&D centers  150 000 people  including more than 35 000 engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMs worldwide. The Group provides solutions for a safe  sustainable  advanced and customized mobility. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comDISCLAIMERThis presentation contains certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements represent trends or objectives and cannot be construed as constituting forecasts regarding the future combined group’s  i.e.  the Faurecia Group and the HELLA Group (both groups referred to together as “FORVIA”)  results or any other performance indicator. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as “ambition”  ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""project "" ""plan "" ""intend "" ""objective""  ""believe "" ""forecast "" ""foresee "" ""likely "" ""may "" ""should "" ""goal "" ""target "" ""might "" ""would ""  “will”  ""could ""  ""predict "" ""continue "" ""convinced "" and ""confident "" the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions including  without limitation  assumptions regarding present and future business strategies (including the successful combination of HELLA into the Faurecia Group)  as well as assumptions based on worldwide automobile production  expectations and statements regarding FORVIA’s operation of its business  and the future operation  direction  and success of FORVIA business.This document was prepared with reasonable care. Although the Faurecia Group and the HELLA Group believe their expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous various risks  whether known or unknown  and uncertainties and other factors  including but not limited to the ongoing global impact of the Ukraine/Russia conflict  the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak and the duration and severity of the outbreak on FORVIA’s business and operations  all of which may be beyond the control of FORVIA and could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors  please refer  e.g.  to Faurecia’s public filings made with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  press releases  presentations and  in particular  to those described in the section 2.""Risk factors & Risk management” of Faurecia's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed by Faurecia with the AMF on April 6th  2022 under number D. 22-0246 (a version of which is available on www.faurecia.com ). For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors for the HELLA Group  please refer to HELLA’s public filings made under supervision authority of Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (“BaFin”)  press releases  or presentations.Subject to regulatory requirements  FORVIA does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise. Any information relating to past performance contained herein is not a guarantee of future performance. Nothing herein should be construed as an investment recommendation or as legal  tax  investment  or accounting advice. No representation or warranty (express or implied) is made as to  and no reliance should be placed on  any information  projections  targets  estimates  and opinions contained herein. Furthermore  no responsibility can be assumed for the correctness of the provided information. However  certain numerical data  financial information and market data in this presentation have been rounded in accordance with commercial rounding.The historical figures related to HELLA included in this presentation have been provided to Faurecia by HELLA. These historical figures have not been audited or subject to a limited review by the auditors of Faurecia. More information on HELLA is available on www.hella.com.This presentation and the information contained therein are for information purposes only and do not constitute a prospectus and should not be construed as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any Faurecia or HELLA securities in any jurisdiction.APPENDICESDEFINITIONS OF TERMS USED IN THIS DOCUMENTSales growthFaurecia’s year-on-year sales evolution is made of three components:A “ Currency effect”   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year A “Scope effect” (acquisition/divestment) And “Growth at constant currencies”.As “Scope effect”  Faurecia presents all acquisitions/divestments  whose sales on an annual basis amount to more than €250 million.Other acquisitions below this threshold are considered as “bolt-on acquisitions” and are included in “Growth at constant currencies”.In 2021  there was no effect from “bolt-on acquisitions”; as a result  “Growth at constant currencies” is equivalent to sales growth at constant scope and currencies also presented as organic growth.Operating incomeOperating income is the Faurecia group’s principal performance indicator. It corresponds to net income of fully consolidated companies before:Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations;Other non-recurring operating income and expense  corresponding to material  unusual and non-recurring items including reorganization expenses and early retirement costs  the impact of exceptional events such as the discontinuation of a business  the closure or sale of an industrial site  disposals of non-operating buildings  impairment losses recorded for property  plant and equipment or intangible assets  as well as other material and unusual losses;Income on loans  cash investments and marketable securities; Finance costs;Other financial income and expense  which include the impact of discounting the pension benefit obligation and the return on related plan assets  the ineffective portion of interest rate and currency hedges  changes in value of interest rate and currency instruments for which the hedging relationship does not satisfy the criteria set forth in relationship cannot be demonstrated under IFRS 9  and gains and losses on sales of shares in subsidiaries;Taxes.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022).Net cash-flowNet cash-flow is defined as follow: Net cash from (used in) operating and investing activities less (acquisitions)/disposal of equity interests and businesses (net of cash and cash equivalents)  other changes and proceeds from disposal of financial assets. Repayment of IFRS 16 debt is not included.Net financial debtNet financial debt is defined as follow: Gross financial debt less cash and cash equivalents and derivatives classified under non-current and current assets. It includes the lease liabilities (IFRS 16 debt).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.25,0.08,True,English,"['FORVIA Capital Market Day', 'first joint Capital Markets Day', 'targeted net cash flow generation', 'current challenging market conditions', 'FORVIA 2025 FINANCIAL AMBITION Group Figures', 'three key strategic priorities', 'cumulative net cash flow', 'sustainable mobility tech leader', 'FORVIA UNVEILS POWER25 PLAN', 'three strategic priorities', '2025 net cash flow', 'working capital discipline', 'worldwide automotive production', 'rising energy prices', 'strong value creation', 'tough macroeconomic conditions', 'Michel de ROSEN', 'present Press Release', 'R&D spending', 'strong cash conversion', 'new medium-term plan', 'new global leader', '€1bn disposal program', 'automotive growth drivers', 'Adjusted EBITDA ratio', 'CASH GENERATION', 'forma figures', 'strategic assets', 'mobility experiences', 'financial targets', 'financial standpoint', 'new step', 'net debt', 'macroeconomic environment', 'leverage ratio', 'combined Group', 'The Group', '2025 financial objectives', 'PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'profound transformation', 'step-change acquisition', 'mission statement', '88 million units', '2025 operating margin', 'short-term headwinds', 'high inflation', 'supply-chain disruptions', 'Patrick KOLLER', 'transformative acquisition', 'perfect alignment', 'coming years', 'industry outlook', 'pent-up demand', 'balance sheet', 'second half', 'operational reduction', 'Group deleveraging', 'significant deleveraging', 'lower breakeven', 'portfolio management', 'pioneering technology', 'Power25 actions', 'HELLA acquisition', 'previous assumption', 'sales growth', '2025 sales', 'FAURECIA', 'Nanterre', 'France', 'November', '11:00am', 'independence', 'Stellantis', 'people', 'ambitions', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'profitability', 'following', 'vehicles', '3.5t', '6t', 'Asia', 'effect', 'Dec.', 'persistent', 'Story', 'CEO', 'journey', 'launch', 'enhanced', 'February', 'revision', 'regard', 'Power2025', 'motion', 'way', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'mix', 'divestment', 'June', 'companywide', 'efficiency', '150bps', 'percentage', '2022']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ing-announces-change-supervisory-board-060600474.html,ING announces change in Supervisory Board,ING announces change in Supervisory Board ING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the Supervisory...,ING GroupING announces change in Supervisory BoardING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the Supervisory Board at the next General Meeting of Shareholders  in 2023. Mariana Gheorghe was appointed a member of the Supervisory Board at the General Meeting in May 2015 and was reappointed for a second term of four years in 2019.Mariana Gheorghe is a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee  the Remuneration Committee  Risk Committee and the ESG Committee and will continue in her roles until her current term ends at the General Meeting in 2023. The process of selecting and nominating a candidate for appointment to the Supervisory Board at the 2023 General Meeting is underway.“We regret but understand Mariana’s decision. While we will properly thank her when she really leaves our Board next year  I already want to take the opportunity now to show our gratitude for her valuable contributions over the past seven years ” said Hans Wijers  chairman of the Supervisory Board of ING Group.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Raymond Vermeulen ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 6369 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees off er retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Story continuesSustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defi ned benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.14,0.6,True,English,"['Supervisory Board', 'change', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'Groep N.V.', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'past seven years', 'ESG index products', 'financial economic crimes', 'related response measures', 'major market participant', 'ESG material risk', 'wholesale banking services', 'next General Meeting', 'Bank N.V.', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Group Investor Relations', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'general economic conditions', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial services', 'Risk Committee', 'ESG Committee', '2023 General Meeting', 'four years', 'Investor enquiries', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'Remuneration Committee', 'second term', 'current term', 'valuable contributions', 'Hans Wijers', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'er retail', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'Supervisory Board', 'Group shares', 'Mariana Gheorghe', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'tax laws', 'reappointment', 'Shareholders', 'member', 'May', 'Nomination', 'roles', 'process', 'candidate', 'decision', 'opportunity', 'gratitude', 'chairman', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'step', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'Story', 'strategy', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548384/0/en/Cellectis-Provides-Business-Update-and-Reports-Financial-Results-for-Third-Quarter-and-First-Nine-Months-2022.html,Cellectis Provides Business Update and Reports Financial Results for Third Quarter and First Nine Months 2022,NEW YORK  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop potentially life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced its results …,"ASH 2022 sponsored programs – UCART123 abstract selected for oral presentation & preclinical data on UCARTCS1 selected for poster presentation  in collaboration with the Amsterdam University Medical CenterPreclinical data on TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cells to be presented at SITC 2022Partner Allogene Therapeutics announced having initiated industry’s first allogeneic CAR T Phase 2 trialIovance Biotherapeutics  Inc. announced having dosed the first patient and completed safety observation period in its IOV-GM1-201 clinical trialMark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  appointed Chief Medical OfficerCash position1 of $103 million as of September 30  2022Conference call scheduled for 8AM ET/2PM CET on November 4  2022NEW YORK  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop potentially life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced its results for the three-month and nine-month periods ending September 30  2022.“2022 has been a productive year thus far for Cellectis. Today  we were proud to announce that our UCART123 abstract was accepted for an oral presentation at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting. Acute myeloid leukemia presents a huge unmet medical need with a lack of cell therapy options  and these encouraging preliminary clinical data are a great step for patients with this condition ” said André Choulika  Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer of Cellectis.“We continue to enroll patients in our three Cellectis-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation clinical trials and are very excited to initiate the dosing of patients with our product candidates UCART22 and UCART20x22 that have been fully manufactured in-house. This quarter  our partnerships continued to be a highlight for Cellectis  as several of our licensed partners disclosed exciting milestones. Our licensed partner  Allogene Therapeutics  announced that it was entering into the potentially pivotal Phase 2 trial  for patients with large B-cell lymphoma. Iovance Biotherapeutics announced that the first patient was dosed and completed the safety observation period in the IOV-GM1-201 clinical trial of Iovance’s first genetically modified TALEN®-edited TIL therapy for the treatment of previously treated advanced melanoma or metastatic NSCLC. These achievements showcase once more that TALEN® is a technology of choice for leading cell and gene therapy companies  and that we are continuing to deliver on our promise of constant innovation in order to advance the efforts of both our and our partner’s clinical trials. Cellectis remains steadfast in its mission to develop innovative cancer therapy product candidates  and I am proud of the progress we have made in our journey this year.”Pipeline highlightsUCART Clinical Development ProgramsBALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL)UCART22 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate that targets CD22 and is being evaluated in the BALLI-01 clinical study  a Phase 1/2a open-label dose-escalation study designed to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of the product candidate in patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL)BALLI-01 is currently enrolling patients at dose level 3 (DL3) (5 × 10 6 cells/kg) with fludarabine  cyclophosphamide and alemtuzumab (FCA) preconditioning regimen.cells/kg) with fludarabine  cyclophosphamide and alemtuzumab (FCA) preconditioning regimen. Cellectis plans to initiate dosing patients with UCART22 product candidate manufactured fully in-house.AMELI-01 (evaluating UCART123) in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML)UCART123 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate targeting CD123 and is being evaluated in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML) in the AMELI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study.Today  Cellectis announced the release of an abstract  which was accepted for oral presentation at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) 2022 Annual Meeting.The abstract includes preliminary clinical data from the Phase I  open-label  dose-escalation AMELI-01 study in patients with r/r AML  showing that adding alemtuzumab to the fludarabine and cyclophosphamide lymphodepletion regimen was associated with improved lymphodepletion and significantly higher UCART123 cell expansion  which correlated with improved activity.These encouraging data support the continued enrollment into the study.Oral presentation will occur on December 12 at 5:00PM; Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  Hall ELink to abstract here.MELANI-01 (evaluating UCARTCS1) in relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM)UCARTCS1 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate targeting CS1 and is being evaluated in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM) in the MELANI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study.Cellectis is currently enrolling patients at dose level 1 (DL1) (1 × 106 cells/kg) with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide preconditioning regimen.NatHaLi-01 (evaluating UCART20x22) in relapsed or refractory Non-Hogdkin Lymphoma (r/r NHL)UCART20x22 is Cellectis’ first allogeneic dual CAR T-cell product candidate being developed for patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (r/r NHL).UCART20x22 is Cellectis’ first product candidate fully designed  developed and manufactured in-house  showcasing the Company’s transformation into an end-to-end cell and gene therapy platform spanning discovery  product development  manufacturing of starting materials used for genomic engineering and final cell therapy product candidates  in addition to clinical development.On August 1st  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) allowed Cellectis’ IND to proceed with UCART20x22 in clinical development for patients with r/r NHL.Research Data & Preclinical ProgramsUCARTCS1Today  Cellectis in collaboration with the Amsterdam University Medical Center (VUmc) announced the release of an abstract on product candidate UCARTCS1  which was accepted for poster presentation at the ASH 2022 Annual Meeting.The abstract includes preclinical data evaluating in vitro activity of UCARTCS1 against multiple myeloma (MM) cell lines and bone marrow samples from MM patients  as well as in vivo activity in a MM mouse model. The potential impact of previous therapy and tumor characteristics on the in vitro efficacy of UCARTCS1 was also investigated.The preclinical data that will be presented demonstrate anti-tumor activity in vitro and in vivo supporting the potential benefit of our UCARTCS1 first in-human study  MELANI-01  a Phase 1  open-label  dose-escalation trial for patients with r/r MM.Presentation will occur on Saturday  December 10  2022; 5:30 PM - 7:30 PM; Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  Hall DLink to abstract here.TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cellsOn October 5  Cellectis announced that preclinical data on TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cells supporting improved solid tumor targeting will be presented at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s (SITC) Annual meeting  to be held on November 8-12  2022 in Boston.Cellectis will present two posters: A poster on TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cells targeting MUC1-expressing solid tumors. MUC1 is a tumor-associated antigen that is overexpressed in a number of solid tumor malignancies including triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC).A poster on innovative T-cell engineering strategies designed to increase the activity of CAR T-cells for solid tumors while mitigating toxicity risks.Presentations will occur on November 10  from 9:00AM until 9:00PM ET  Hall C.TALEN®-based gene therapy preclinical programsOn October 11  at the European Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ESGCT)  Cellectis presented pre-clinical data that leverages TALEN® gene editing technology to develop a hematopoietic stem and progenitor cell (HSPCs)-based gene therapy for the treatment of sickle cell disease  and a TALEN®-based gene editing approach that reprograms HSPCs to secrete alpha-L-iduronidase (IDUA)  a therapeutic enzyme missing in Mucopolysaccharidosis type I (MPS-I).The pre-clinical data presented at ESGCT further demonstrate our ability to leverage TALEN® gene editing technology to potentially address genetic diseases  namely sickle cell disease and lysosomal storage diseases. By correcting a mutation or inserting a corrected gene at the HSPC level  Cellectis aims to provide a lifelong supply of healthy cells in a single intervention.Click here to access the presentations and abstracts.Licensed Allogeneic CAR T-cell Development ProgramsAllogene Therapeutics  Inc.’s CAR T programs utilize Cellectis technologies.ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A are anti-CD19 products being jointly developed under a collaboration agreement between Servier and Allogene based on an exclusive license granted by Cellectis to Servier (the “Servier Agreement”). Servier grants to Allogene exclusive rights to ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A in the U.S. while Servier retains exclusive rights for all other countries. In September 2022  Servier communicated that it was discontinuing its involvement in the development of in-licensed CD19 products and purporting to provide Allogene with the ability to elect to obtain a license to the CD19 Products outside of the United States. We are evaluating all available options and contractual remedies to address the foregoing matters and other performance issues  which we believe may involve material breaches of the Servier Agreement by Servier.Allogene’s anti-BCMA and anti-CD70 programs are licensed exclusively from Cellectis by Allogene and Allogene holds global development and commercial rights to these programs.Servier and Allogene: anti-CD19 programsOn October 6  2022  Allogene announced it has initiated potentially pivotal allogeneic CAR T Phase 2 clinical trial of ALLO-501A (ALPHA2 trial) in patients with relapsed/refractory (r/r) large B-cell lymphoma (LBCL). Allogene expects that the ALPHA2 trial will enroll approximately 100 patients who have received at least two prior lines of therapy and have not received prior anti-CD19 therapy. Allogene announced that updated clinical data from the CD19 program will be provided at Allogene’s R&D Showcase on November 29  2022.Allogene: anti-BCMA programOn November 2  2022  Allogene announced that the Phase 1 portion of the UNIVERSAL trial on ALLO-715 continues enrolling patients with r/r multiple myeloma (MM). Allogene also announced it will provide a clinical update from UNIVERSAL focused on a single dose ALLO-715 and discuss next steps for the program at the R&D Showcase.Allogene: solid tumor programOn November 2  2022  Allogene stated that ALLO-316  which targets CD70  its first AlloCAR T candidate for solid tumors  is being studied in patients with advanced or metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma (RCC) in the Phase 1 TRAVERSE trial.Gene Editing PartnershipsIovance Biotherapeutics  Inc. (“Iovance”)On October 10  2022  Iovance announced that the first patient was dosed and completed the safety observation period in the IOV-GM1-201 clinical trial of Iovance’s first genetically modified TIL therapy in development  IOV-4001  for the treatment of previously treated advanced melanoma or metastatic NSCLC.To inactivate the gene coding for the PD-1 protein  IOV-4001 utilizes the gene-editing TALEN® technology licensed from Cellectis. This single genetic modification in IOV-4001 has the potential to enhance the antitumor activity of the TIL mechanism to directly target and kill tumor cells.Dosing the first patient with IOV-4001 is an important first step in providing proof-of-concept for delivering genetically modified TIL therapy to solid tumor patients with significant unmet needs and few treatment options.Cytovia TherapeuticsCytovia announced it will present new preclinical data on TALEN® gene-edited  induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC)-derived Natural Killer (NK) cells at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s (SITC) Annual Meeting. The abstract  entitled “TALEN®-Based Gene-Edited iPSC-Derived NK (iNK) Cells Demonstrate Enhanced Antitumor Activity”  was accepted for poster presentation.These data highlight the progress of Cellectis’ research and development collaboration with Cytovia to develop TALEN®-edited iPSC NK and CAR-NK cells. Cellectis has developed custom TALEN® which Cytovia is using to edit iPSCs in a safe and effective manner.The poster presentation will occur on November 11  from 9:00AM until 9:00PM ET  Poster Hall.Corporate UpdatesAppointmentOn September 28  2022  Cellectis announced the appointment of Mark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  as Chief Medical Officer.Dr Frattini joined Cellectis in August 2020 as Senior Vice President of Clinical Sciences and has been responsible for Cellectis’ clinical leadership including the clinical development strategy of the Company’s current immune-oncology UCART product candidates. He has also been serving as a core member of the senior clinical team and has been managing a team of physicians and clinical scientists. As Chief Medical Officer  Dr. Frattini oversees clinical research and development for Cellectis’ UCART clinical trial programs. He remains based in Cellectis’ New York office and has joined the Company’s executive committee.Financial ResultsThe interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Cellectis  which consolidate the results of Calyxt  Inc. of which Cellectis owned approximately 51.2% of outstanding shares of common stock (as of September 30  2022)  have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”).We present certain financial metrics broken out between our two reportable segments – Therapeutics and Plants – in the appendices of this Q3 2022 financial results press release.Cash: As of September 30  2022  Cellectis  including Calyxt  had $103 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash of which $95 million are attributable to Cellectis on a stand-alone basis. This compares to $191 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents and restricted cash as of December 31  2021  of which $177 million was attributable to Cellectis on a stand-alone basis. This net decrease of $88 million primarily reflects (i) $81 million of net cash flows used in operating  investing and lease financing activities of Cellectis  (ii) $17 million of net cash flows used in operating  capital expenditures and lease financing activities of Calyxt  and (iii) a $10 million unfavorable foreign exchange (FOREX) impact which was partially offset by (i) $10 million of net proceeds from capital raised at Calyxt in February 2022  (ii) $6 million of cash received related to research tax credit prefinancing and (iii) $3 million of cash received related to licenses and milestone payments. Based on the current operating plan  Cellectis excluding Calyxt anticipates that the cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash as of September 30  2022 will fund Cellectis’ operations into early 2024.Revenues and Other Income: Consolidated revenues and other income were $9 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $53 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. 99% of consolidated revenues and other income was attributable to Cellectis in the first nine months of 2022. This decrease between the nine months ended September 30  2022 and 2021 was mainly attributable to (i) a decrease of revenue pursuant to the recognition of a $15 million convertible note obtained as consideration for a “right-to-use” license granted to Cytovia and a $5 million Allogene milestone during the nine-month period ended September 30  2021  while revenue related to collaboration agreements for the nine months of 2022 consists of the recognition of two milestones related to Cellectis’ agreement with Cytovia for $2 million and the recognition of $1 million related to a change of control of a licensee pursuant to the terms of its license agreement with Cellectis and the amendment to the license agreement (extension of the option term) (ii) a decrease in other revenues of $24 million relating to a change in Calyxt’s business model for its PlantSpring technology and BioFactory  in which no significant revenue was yet recognized.Cost of Revenues: Consolidated cost of revenues were $1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $29 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. This decrease is driven by the change in Calyxt’s business model for its PlantSpring and BioFactory.R&D Expenses: Consolidated R&D expenses were $85 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $97 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. 89% of consolidated R&D expenses was attributable to Cellectis in the first nine months of 2022. The $11 million decrease between the first nine months of 2022 and 2021 was primarily attributable to (i) a decrease of purchases  external expenses and other by $10 million (from $57 million in 2021 to $47 million in 2022) due to lower consumables  subcontracting costs and depreciation and amortization for the therapeutic segment  (ii) a $1 million decrease in social charges on stock option  and (iii) a $3 million decrease in non-cash stock-based compensation expense partially offset by an increase of $3 million in wages and salaries mainly driven by the increased R&D headcount in the therapeutic segment.SG&A Expenses: Consolidated SG&A expenses were $25 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $28 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. 62% of consolidated SG&A expenses was attributable to Cellectis in the first nine months of 2022. The $3 million decrease primarily reflects (i) a $3 million decrease in wages and salaries  (ii) a $1 million decrease in purchases  external expenses and other (from $14 million in 2021 to $12 million in 2022) partially offset by (i) a $3 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense mainly explained by the favorable impact in 2021 of the recapture of non-cash stock-based compensation from the forfeiture of certain of Calyxt’s former CEO’s unvested stock options  restricted stock units  and performance stock units following his departure.Net Income (loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $79 million (or $1.74 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022  of which $73 million was attributed to Cellectis  compared to $89 million (or $2.00 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2021  of which $75 million was attributed to Cellectis. This $10 million decrease in net loss between first nine months 2022 and 2021 was primarily driven by (i) an increase in net financial gain of $14 million  (ii) a decrease of $28 million of cost of revenue  (iii) a $11 million decrease of research and development and  (iv) a $3 million decrease of SG&A expenses partially offset by a decrease in revenues and other income of $45 million.Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated adjusted net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $72 million (or $1.58 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022  of which $67 million is attributed to Cellectis  compared to a net loss of $80 million (or $1.79 per share) or the nine months ended September 30  2021  of which $66 million was attributed to Cellectis. Please see ""Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures"" for reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis to adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.We currently foresee focusing our cash spending at Cellectis for the Full Year of 2022 in the following areas:Supporting the development of our pipeline of product candidates  including the manufacturing and clinical trial expenses of UCART123  UCART22  UCARTCS1  UCART 20x22 and new product candidates  andOperating our state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities in Paris (France)  and Raleigh (North Carolina  U.S.A); andContinuing strengthening our manufacturing and clinical departments.As of the date of this interim report  BALLI-01 (UCART22 Phase 1 open label Study) is currently enrolling patients at (i) dose level 3 (DL3) with an FCA preconditioning regimen and (ii) dose level 2 (DL2) using UCART22 batches manufactured from an upgraded Cellectis internal manufacturing Process 2 (P2) with an FCA preconditioning regimen.CELLECTIS S.A.(unaudited)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION($ in thousands  except per share data)As of December 31  2021 UnauditedSeptember 30 2022 ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets 1 854 1 511 Property  plant  and equipment 78 846 70 759 Right-of-use assets 69 423 58 112 Non-current financial assets 6 524 8 926 Total non-current assets 156 647 139 307 Current assets Trade receivables 20 361 802 Subsidies receivables 9 268 12 152 Other current assets 9 665 8 311 Cash and cash equivalent and Current financial assets 186 135 119 008 Total current assets 225 429 140 272 TOTAL ASSETS 382 076 279 580 LIABILITIES Shareholders’ equity Share capital 2 945 2 949 Premiums related to the share capital 934 696 579 047 Currency translation adjustment (18 021 ) (35 434 ) Retained earnings (584 129 ) (330 595 ) Net income (loss) (114 197 ) (79 326 ) Total shareholders’ equity - Group Share 221 293 136 641 Non-controlling interests 15 181 8 971 Total shareholders’ equity 236 474 145 612 Non-current liabilities Non-current financial liabilities 20 030 14 699 Non-current lease debts 71 526 63 592 Non-current provisions 4 073 2 646 Other non-current liabilities 626 - Total non-current liabilities 96 254 80 937 Current liabilities Current financial liabilities 2 354 10 379 Current lease debts 8 329 7 971 Trade payables 23 762 22 353 Deferred revenues and deferred income 301 320 Current provisions 871 425 Other current liabilities 13 731 11 582 Total current liabilities 49 348 53 030 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 382 076 279 580Cellectis S.A.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)For the three-month period ended September 30  2022$ in thousands  except per share amountsFor the three-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Revenues and other income Revenues 8 312 217 Other income 2 516 1 704 Total revenues and other income 10 827 1 921 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (9 213 ) (367 ) Research and development expenses (34 324 ) (26 667 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (9 675 ) (7 641 ) Other operating income (expenses) 18 (408 ) Total operating expenses (53 195 ) (35 082 ) Operating income (loss) (42 368 ) (33 162 ) Financial gain (loss) 2 296 1 896 Net income (loss) (40 071 ) (31 265 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (37 413 ) (28 467 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (2 658 ) (2 798 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (0.82 ) (0.63 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (0.82 ) (0.63 )Cellectis S.A.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)For the nine-month period ended September 30  2022$ in thousands  except per share amountsFor the nine-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Revenues and other income Revenues 45 088 3 262 Other income 8 320 5 255 Total revenues and other income 53 408 8 517 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (29 113 ) (1 081 ) Research and development expenses (96 663 ) (85 194 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (27 894 ) (25 336 ) Other operating income (expenses) 506 608 Total operating expenses (153 163 ) (111 003 ) Operating income (loss) (99 755 ) (102 485 ) Financial gain (loss) 2 728 17 009 Net income (loss) (97 027 ) (85 476 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (89 201 ) (79 326 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (7 827 ) (6 150 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (2.00 ) (1.74 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (2.00 ) (1.74 )CELLECTIS S.A.DETAILS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS BY REPORTABLE SEGMENTS – Third Quarter(unaudited) - ($ in thousands)For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2021 For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 $ in thousands Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments External revenues 8 288 24 8 312 42 175 217 External other income 0 2 516 2 516 - 1 704 1 704 External revenues and other income 8 288 2 540 10 827 42 1 879 1 921 Cost of revenue (8 807 ) (407 ) (9 213 ) (0 ) (367 ) (367 ) Research and development expenses (2 523 ) (31 802 ) (34 324 ) (2 830 ) (23 837 ) (26 667 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (3 992 ) (5 683 ) (9 675 ) (2 738 ) (4 903 ) (7 641 ) Other operating income and expenses 18 (1 ) 18 (282 ) (125 ) (408 ) Total operating expenses (15 304 ) (37 892 ) (53 195 ) (5 850 ) (29 233 ) (35 082 ) Operating income (loss) before tax (7 016 ) (35 352 ) (42 368 ) (5 808 ) (27 353 ) (33 162 ) Financial gain (loss) (291 ) 2 588 2 296 90 1 806 1 896 Net income (loss) (7 307 ) (32 764 ) (40 071 ) (5 718 ) (25 547 ) (31 265 ) Non controlling interests 2 658 - 2 658 2 798 - 2 798 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (4 650 ) (32 764 ) (37 413 ) (2 920 ) (25 547 ) (28 467 ) R&D non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis 151 3 219 3 370 116 809 925 SG&A non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis 707 986 1 693 434 521 955 Adjustment of share-based compensation attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 858 4 204 5 062 550 1 330 1 880 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (3 792 ) (28 560 ) (32 351 ) (2 370 ) (24 218 ) (26 587 ) Depreciation and amortization (615 ) (3 708 ) (4 323 ) (438 ) (4 305 ) (4 744 ) Additions to tangible and intangible assets 69 3 426 3 495 218 223 442CELLECTIS S.A.DETAILS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS BY REPORTABLE SEGMENTS – First nine-months(unaudited) - ($ in thousands)For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2021 For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 $ in thousands Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments External revenues 25 004 20 085 45 088 115 3 147 3 262 External other income 1 528 6 792 8 320 - 5 255 5 255 External revenues and other income 26 532 26 876 53 408 115 8 402 8 517 Cost of revenue (27 512 ) (1 601 ) (29 113 ) (0 ) (1 081 ) (1 081 ) Research and development expenses (8 358 ) (88 304 ) (96 663 ) (9 127 ) (76 067 ) (85 194 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (11 520 ) (16 373 ) (27 894 ) (9 539 ) (15 797 ) (25 336 ) Other operating income and expenses 25 481 506 (40 ) 649 608 Total operating expenses (47 366 ) (105 797 ) (153 163 ) (18 706 ) (92 297 ) (111 003 ) Operating income (loss) before tax (20 834 ) (78 921 ) (99 755 ) (18 591 ) (83 894 ) (102 485 ) Net financial gain (loss) (875 ) 3 603 2 728 5 990 11 019 17 009 Net income (loss) (21 709 ) (75 318 ) (97 027 ) (12 601 ) (72 875 ) (85 476 ) Non-controlling interests 7 827 - 7 827 6 150 - 6 150 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (13 883 ) (75 318 ) (89 201 ) (6 451 ) (72 875 ) (79 326 ) R&D non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis 682 6 922 7 604 332 3 943 4 274 SG&A non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis (208 ) 1 901 1 693 1 224 1 713 2 937 Adjustment of share-based compensation attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 474 8 823 9 297 1 555 5 656 7 211 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (13 409 ) (66 495 ) (79 904 ) (4 896 ) (67 219 ) (72 114 ) Depreciation and amortization (1 834 ) (9 651 ) (11 485 ) (1 754 ) (13 739 ) (15 493 ) Additions to tangible and intangible assets 377 14 446 14 822 890 1 675 2 565Note Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresCellectis S.A. presents adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis in this press release. Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis is not a measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. We have included in this press release a reconciliation of this figure to net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. Because adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis excludes Non-cash stock-based compensation expense—a non-cash expense  we believe that this financial measure  when considered together with our IFRS financial statements  can enhance an overall understanding of Cellectis’ financial performance. Moreover  our management views the Company’s operations  and manages its business  based  in part  on this financial measure. In particular  we believe that the elimination of Non-cash stock-based expenses from Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core businesses. Our use of adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis has limitations as an analytical tool  and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under IFRS. Some of these limitations are: (a) other companies  including companies in our industry which use similar stock-based compensation  may address the impact of Non-cash stock- based compensation expense differently; and (b) other companies may report adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently  which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations  you should consider adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis alongside our IFRS financial results  including Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.RECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOME – Third Quarter(unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)For the three-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (37 413 ) (28 467 ) Adjustment: 5 062 1 880 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (32 351 ) (26 587 ) Basic Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.71 ) (0.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) (1) 45 471 977 45 540 315 Diluted Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1) (0.71 ) (0.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) (1) 45 471 977 45 540 315When we have adjusted net loss  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share). When we have adjusted net income  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share)RECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOME – First nine-months(unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)For the nine-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (89 201 ) (79 326 ) Adjustment: 9 297 7 211 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (79 904 ) (72 114 ) Basic Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1.79 ) (1.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) (1) 44 599 935 45 511 626 Diluted Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1) (1.79 ) (1.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) (1) 44 599 935 45 511 626(1) When we have adjusted net loss  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share). When we have adjusted net income  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share)About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. As part of its commitment to a cure  Cellectis remains dedicated to its goal of providing lifesaving UCART product candidates for multiple cancers including acute myeloid leukemia (AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and multiple myeloma (MM). .HEAL is a new platform focusing on hemopoietic stem cells to treat blood disorders  immunodeficiencies and lysosomal storage diseases. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).AlloCAR T™ is a trademark of Allogene Therapeutics  Inc.For more information  visit www.cellectis.comFollow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33776991433  media@cellectis.comMargaret Gandolfo  Senior Manager  Communications  +1 (646) 628 0300Investor Relation contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 (617) 430 7577Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “may” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  including information provided or otherwise publicly reported by our licensed partners. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancement  timing and progress of our and our partners’ clinical trials (including with respect to patient enrollment and follow-up)  the timing of presentation of data  the operational capabilities at our manufacturing facilities and the sufficiency of cash to fund operations. the potential of our preclinical programs and product candidates. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2021 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.1 Cash position includes cash  cash equivalent  current financial assets and restricted cash. Restricted cash was $5million as of September 30  2022.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.08,0.02,True,English,"['First Nine Months', 'Business Update', 'Financial Results', 'Third Quarter', 'Cellectis', 'Reports', 'three Cellectis-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation clinical trials', 'first allogeneic CAR T Phase 2 trial', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'Phase 1/2a open-label dose-escalation study', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate', 'MELANI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study', 'AMELI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'innovative cancer therapy product candidates', 'open-label, dose-escalation AMELI-01 study', '®-edited smart CAR T-cells', 'Amsterdam University Medical Center', 'TALEN®-edited TIL therapy', 'huge unmet medical need', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'UCART Clinical Development Programs', 'encouraging preliminary clinical data', 'higher UCART123 cell expansion', 'pivotal Phase 2 trial', 'IOV-GM1-201 clinical trial', 'large B-cell lymphoma', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'BALLI-01 clinical study', 'ASH 2022 sponsored programs', 'cell therapy options', 'UCART22 product candidate', 'gene therapy companies', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ASH) 2022 Annual Meeting', 'safety observation period', 'Hematology Annual Meeting', 'FCA) preconditioning regimen', 'cyclophosphamide lymphodepletion regimen', 'dose level', 'encouraging data', 'first patient', 'clinical activity', 'life-saving cell', 'leading cell', 'preclinical data', 'gene therapies', 'oral presentation', 'poster presentation', 'Allogene Therapeutics', 'Mark Frattini', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'Cash position1', 'Conference call', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'nine-month periods', 'productive year', 'American Society', 'great step', 'André Choulika', 'licensed partners', 'exciting milestones', 'advanced melanoma', 'metastatic NSCLC', 'constant innovation', 'Pipeline highlights', 'Hall E', 'Iovance Biotherapeutics', 'UCART123 abstract', 'r/r AML', 'dosing patients', 'UCARTCS1', 'collaboration', 'SITC', 'industry', 'September', '8AM', 'November', 'ALCLS', 'Nasdaq', 'CLLS', 'results', 'three-month', 'lack', 'UCART20x22', 'house', 'partnerships', 'treatment', 'achievements', 'choice', 'promise', 'order', 'efforts', 'mission', 'progress', 'journey', 'B-ALL', 'CD22', 'relapsed', 'DL', '× 10 6 cells', 'fludarabine', 'alemtuzumab', 'kg', 'CD123', 'release', 'continued', 'enrollment', 'December', '5:00PM', 'Link', 'MM', '× 106 cells']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005538/en/Solvay-and-Orbia-Join-Forces-to-Create-a-Joint-Venture-in-North-America-to-Supply-Critical-Materials-to-the-Battery-Market,Solvay and Orbia Join Forces to Create a Joint Venture in North America to Supply Critical Materials to the Battery Market,BRUSSELS & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Solvay and Orbia today announced their entry into a joint venture framework agreement to create a partnership for the production of suspension-grade polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF)  creating the largest capacity in North Ame…,BRUSSELS & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Solvay and Orbia today announced their entry into a joint venture framework agreement to create a partnership for the production of suspension-grade polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF)  creating the largest capacity in North America.With more than half of U.S. car sales projected to be electric by 2030  demand for lithium-ion batteries and PVDF  a thermoplastic fluoropolymer used as a lithium-ion binder and separator coating  is revving up. The Solvay-Orbia joint venture would fill a significant supply gap and will build upon favorable regulatory conditions promoting regional production and material security.Solvay  a global leader in PVDF  brings process technology and unparalleled global market know-how to this venture. With a vertically-integrated value chain and material holdings  Orbia’s Fluorinated Solutions business Koura and Polymer Solutions business Vestolit will supply hydrofluoric acid  vinyl chloride monomer (VCM) and chlorine respectively. In combination  Solvay’s Solef® PVDF innovations and Orbia’s raw material assets and production expertise will enable delivery of PVDF that optimizes energy storage efficiency by increasing battery energy density  safety and power.“We are delighted to partner with Orbia on this exciting opportunity to expand our battery solutions into North America  with strong support by the U.S. Department of Energy ” said Ilham Kadri  CEO of Solvay. “This significant milestone in our electrification strategy enhances our global leadership and contributes to the establishment of the battery supply chain infrastructure in the United States. This decision follows our previously announced investment in Tavaux  France. These investments extend our ambition to grow global sales to the automotive market from €800 million in 2021 to over €3 billion by 2030.”Said Sameer Bharadwaj  CEO of Orbia  “Our partnership with Solvay marks a key milestone for our business and our role in enabling the North American energy transition. Together with Solvay  Orbia’s unique position integrated into both the fluorine and vinyl chains helps us to bring a cost-competitive battery supply chain to the U.S. just as we maintain our commitment to developing sustainable solutions that can advance life globally. Along with our previously announced Department of Energy grant to produce LiPF6 electrolyte salts in North America  this investment will put us in a leadership position to provide a secure source for fluorinated lithium-ion battery additives as well as local jobs.”The total investment is estimated to be around $850 million  and is expected to be funded in part by a grant awarded by the U.S. Department of Energy of $178 million to Solvay to build a facility in Augusta  Georgia. Solvay and Orbia intend to use two production sites  one for raw materials and the other for finished product  located in the southeastern United States. Both plants are expected to be fully operational by 2026. Commencement of the joint venture is subject to finalizing and entering into definitive agreements between the parties and satisfaction of customary conditions  including obtaining regulatory approvals.About SolvaySolvay is a science company whose technologies bring benefits to many aspects of daily life. With more than 21 000 employees in 63 countries  Solvay bonds people  ideas and elements to reinvent progress. The Group seeks to create sustainable shared value for all  notably through its Solvay One Planet roadmap crafted around three pillars: protecting the climate  preserving resources and fostering a better life. The Group’s innovative solutions contribute to safer  cleaner  and more sustainable products found in homes  food and consumer goods  planes  cars  batteries  smart devices  health care applications  water and air purification systems. Founded in 1863  Solvay today ranks among the world’s top three companies for the vast majority of its activities and delivered net sales of €10.1 billion in 2021. Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). Learn more at solvay.com.About OrbiaOrbia is a company driven by a shared purpose: to advance life around the world. Orbia operates in the Polymer Solutions (Vestolit and Alphagary)  Building and Infrastructure (Wavin)  Precision Agriculture (Netafim)  Connectivity Solutions (Dura-Line) and Fluorinated Solutions (Koura) sectors. The five Orbia business groups have a collective focus on expanding access to health and wellness  reinventing the future of cities and homes  ensuring food and water security  connecting communities to information and accelerating a circular economy with basic and advanced materials  specialty products and innovative solutions. Orbia has a global team of over 23 000 employees  commercial activities in more than 110 countries and operations in over 50  with global headquarters in Boston  Mexico City  Amsterdam and Tel Aviv. The company generated $8.8 billion in revenue in 2021. Learn more at orbia.com.,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Joint Venture', 'North America', 'Critical Materials', 'Battery Market', 'Solvay', 'Orbia', 'Forces', 'cost-competitive battery supply chain', 'joint venture framework agreement', 'unparalleled global market know-how', 'Solvay One Planet roadmap', 'fluorinated lithium-ion battery additives', 'battery supply chain infrastructure', 'North American energy transition', 'The Solvay-Orbia joint venture', 'U.S. car sales', 'five Orbia business groups', 'significant supply gap', 'suspension-grade polyvinylidene fluoride', 'LiPF6 electrolyte salts', 'air purification systems', 'battery energy density', 'vinyl chloride monomer', 'top three companies', 'energy storage efficiency', 'U.S. Department', 'favorable regulatory conditions', 'two production sites', 'southeastern United States', 'health care applications', 'raw material assets', 'Fluorinated Solutions business', 'Solef® PVDF innovations', 'sustainable shared value', 'Polymer Solutions business', 'value chain', 'battery solutions', 'global sales', 'automotive market', 'lithium-ion binder', 'The Group', 'net sales', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'sustainable solutions', 'significant milestone', 'vinyl chains', 'raw materials', 'customary conditions', 'regulatory approvals', 'three pillars', 'shared purpose', 'material security', 'global leader', 'material holdings', 'sustainable products', 'global team', 'global headquarters', 'innovative solutions', 'Connectivity Solutions', 'lithium-ion batteries', 'largest capacity', 'thermoplastic fluoropolymer', 'separator coating', 'regional production', 'process technology', 'hydrofluoric acid', 'production expertise', 'exciting opportunity', 'strong support', 'Ilham Kadri', 'electrification strategy', 'Sameer Bharadwaj', 'key milestone', 'unique position', 'leadership position', 'secure source', 'local jobs', 'finished product', 'definitive agreements', 'many aspects', 'consumer goods', 'smart devices', 'vast majority', 'Precision Agriculture', 'collective focus', 'circular economy', 'advanced materials', 'specialty products', 'Mexico City', 'Tel Aviv.', 'Energy grant', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Koura) sectors', 'water security', 'commercial activities', 'total investment', 'science company', 'daily life', 'BOSTON', 'entry', 'partnership', 'half', 'demand', 'Vestolit', 'VCM', 'chlorine', 'combination', 'delivery', 'safety', 'power', 'CEO', 'establishment', 'decision', 'Tavaux', 'France', 'investments', 'ambition', 'role', 'fluorine', 'commitment', 'facility', 'Augusta', 'Georgia', 'plants', 'Commencement', 'parties', 'satisfaction', 'technologies', 'benefits', '21,000 employees', '63 countries', 'people', 'ideas', 'elements', 'progress', 'climate', 'resources', 'homes', 'food', 'planes', 'cars', 'world', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Alphagary', 'Building', 'Wavin', 'Netafim', 'Dura-Line', 'access', 'wellness', 'future', 'cities', 'communities', 'information', 'basic', '23,000 employees', '110 countries', 'operations', 'Amsterdam', 'revenue']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548039/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-divestiture-to-proceed-following-Spanish-regulatory-clearance.html,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance  November 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today...,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearanceNovember 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today that the Spanish Antitrust Authority has given Karnov Group clearance to acquire the legal information assets of Wolters Kluwer and Thomson Reuters in Spain.Therefore  the transaction announced on December 9  2021  whereby Wolters Kluwer will divest its legal information units in France and Spain to Karnov can proceed. The transaction is expected to close on November 30  2022.The assets to be sold by Wolters Kluwer generated revenues of €85 million in 2021 (10% of Legal & Regulatory division revenues) and were profitable. Wolters Kluwer will receive a consideration of €120 million and intends to use the net proceeds for share repurchases in 2023 in order to mitigate the earnings dilution caused by the divestment. Wolters Kluwer expects to record a non-taxable gain on completion.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Spanish Antitrust Authority', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'general economic conditions', 'legal information units', 'Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Regulatory division revenues', 'Karnov Group clearance', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'legal information assets', 'new information', 'professional information', 'regulatory sectors', 'regulatory rules', 'Thomson Reuters', 'net proceeds', 'share repurchases', 'earnings dilution', 'taxable gain', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'Spain', 'transaction', 'December', 'France', 'November', 'consideration', 'order', 'divestment', 'completion', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ing-announces-share-buyback-programme-060300240.html,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion ING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase...,ING GroupING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billionING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €1.5 billion.The purpose of the share buyback programme is to reduce the share capital of ING. It is a next step in converging our CET1 ratio towards our target of around 12.5% by 2025  as announced during our Investor Update in June 2022.ING Group’s CET1 ratio was 14.7% at the end of the third quarter of 2022 which is well above the prevailing CET1 ratio requirement of 10.52%. The buyback programme will have an expected pro-forma impact of roughly 44 bps on our CET1 ratio.The share buyback programme will commence on 3 November 2022 and is expected to end no later than 30 December 2022. Any remaining amount of the programme after the end date will be paid out in cash to shareholders on 16 January 2023.The ECB has approved the programme  which will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority to acquire a maximum of 10% of the issued shares as granted by the general meeting of shareholders on 25 April 2022. ING has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct the buyback.ING will provide weekly updates on the progress of the programme via a press release and on the Investor Relations section of the ING website: https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.Story continuesING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'prevailing CET1 ratio requirement', 'currency exchange rates', 'Groep N.V.', 'strong European base', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations section', 'Frequent news updates', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'global economic impact', 'major market participant', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial economic crimes', 'wholesale banking services', 'related response measures', 'maximum total amount', 'share buyback programme', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Group Investor Relations', 'general economic conditions', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'market disruption', 'Investor Update', 'pro-forma impact', 'remaining amount', 'general meeting', 'weekly updates', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'financial intermediary', 'financial markets', 'next step', 'third quarter', 'The ECB', 'existing authority', 'discretionary arrangement', 'press release', 'Press enquiries', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'end date', 'tax laws', 'start', 'purpose', 'target', 'June', '44 bps', '3 November', '30 December', 'cash', 'shareholders', '16 January', 'compliance', 'limitations', '25 April', 'progress', 'website', 'Investor-relations', 'Share-information', 'buyback-programme', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'Vermeulen', 'PROFILE', 'people', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'Story', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', '10.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005985/en/Teleperformance-SE-Quarterly-Information-at-September-30-2022,Teleperformance SE: Quarterly Information at September 30  2022,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  today released its quarterly and nine-month revenue figures for the period ended Sep…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  today released its quarterly and nine-month revenue figures for the period ended September 30  2022.Third-quarter 2022: €2 056 million  up +17.2% as reported up +7.0% like-for-like* up +13.8% like-for-like excluding impact of lower revenue from Covid support contractsNine months 2022: €6 002 million  up +15.7% as reported up +6.0% like-for-like* up +13.2% like-for-like excluding impact of lower revenue from Covid support contractsSolid  responsible growthThe Group's growth was based on:- a diversified client portfolio- optimized outsourcing solutions thanks to the digital transformation- the global expertise developed in each client sector- the strong momentum in the travel  healthcare (in the United States) and financial services sectors  as well as in the digital economyThe high value-added Specialized Services activities have recently been strengthened thanks to the acquisition of PSG Global Solutions (“PSG”) in the recruitment process outsourcing market. Its offering is based on a digital platform that reduces recruitment lead time and costsThe Group is continuing to deploy a flexible work organization   with around 50% of the workforce working from home  with around 50% of the workforce working from home In October 2022  for the second year running  Teleperformance was named one of the World’s 25 Best Workplaces™ across all industries by Fortune magazine in partnership with Great Place to Work®Full-year 2022 targets raisedDespite an uncertain economic environment  the Group will continue to grow in the fourth quarter   thanks to the ramp-up of contracts signed over the course of the year  thanks to the ramp-up of contracts signed over the course of the year Like-for-like revenue growth excluding Covid support contracts** should be more than +12%   versus the 2022 target of more than +10% initially communicated  versus the 2022 target of more than +10% initially communicated The EBITDA margin before non-recurring items should be more than 21%The EBITA margin before non-recurring items should stand at around 15.5%  up +40 basis points year on year  and up +10 basis points compared with the 2022 target of a +30 basis point increase initially communicated* At constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates; ** Excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (""Covid contracts"")Commenting on this performance  Teleperformance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien said: ""In third-quarter 2022  Teleperformance generated revenue growth of +17.2% reported  of which +7.0% like-for-like and +13.8% excluding the impact of Covid support contracts. In the first nine months of the year  revenue amounted to €6 billion. The current momentum supports our forecast of revenue above €8 billion for the full year  with like-for-like growth of more than +12%  excluding the impact of Covid support contracts.This growth is coupled with an upward trend in EBITA margin  which should reach 15.5%  up +40 basis points versus 2021 and +10 basis points versus our initial targets.Despite a tough environment  the growth outlook is solid  thanks to our three-fold expertise in “lines of business  client verticals  geographies” and our reinforced investments in digital solutions.The acquisition of PSG  specialized in recruitment process outsourcing (RPO)  further enhances our offering.""Nine-month and third-quarter 2022 Group revenue€ millions 2022 2021 % change Like-for-likeexcluding “Covidcontracts”* Like-for-like Reported Average exchange rate (9 months) €1 = US$1.06 €1 = US$1.20 Nine months 6 002 5 186 +13.2% +6.0% +15.7% Third quarter 2 056 1 755 +13.8% +7.0% +17.2%* Excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (“Covid contracts”)Consolidated revenueRevenue for the third quarter of 2022 amounted to €2 056 million  up +17.2%  including a favorable currency effect linked mainly to the rise in the US dollar against the euro and a scope effect reflecting the consolidation of Senture in the Group's financial statements. Growth was +7.0% on a like-for-like basis compared to third-quarter 2021  a satisfactory performance given the absence of any material contribution from Covid support contracts during the quarter. Adjusted for this non-recurring impact  third-quarter like-for-like growth was +13.8%  building on the increased momentum observed in the second quarter across both of the Group's activities.Revenue amounted to €6 002 million for the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year increase of +6.0% at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation (like-for-like) and of +15.7% as reported. Reported revenue was also lifted by the +€286 million positive currency effect  stemming mainly from the rise in the US dollar against the euro. Changes in the scope of consolidation had a +€203 million positive impact  reflecting the consolidation of Health Advocate from July 1  2021 and of Senture from January 1  2022.Like-for-like growth in the first nine months of 2022 was particularly strong given the negative impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (down -€394 million compared with the first nine months of 2021). Adjusted for this expected non-recurring impact  like-for-like growth stood at +13.2% for the period.This strong momentum is based in particular on the Group's robust and diversified client portfolio. Thanks to our global presence and our attractive offering of integrated solutions  ""from the field to the board room""  we are well positioned to outperform the structural growth of the market.The Specialized Services activities also enjoyed sustained growth  led by the resounding recovery of TLScontact’s visa application management business and the continued steady development of LanguageLine Solutions' online interpreting business.Revenue by activityNine months 2022 Nine months 2021 Variation € millions Like-for-like Like-for-likeexcluding “Covidcontracts”** Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 5 160 4 604 +4.2% +12.4% +12.1% English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 1 787 1 510 +0.2% +10.7% +18.3% Ibero-LATAM 1 687 1 370 +16.9% +16.9% +23.1% Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA) 1 275 1 404 -8.2% +7.7% -9.1% India 411 320 +20.3% +20.3% +28.3% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 842 582 +19.1% +19.1% +44.7% TOTAL 6 002 5 186 +6.0% +13.2% +15.7%Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Variation € millions Like-for-like Like-for-likeexcluding “Covidcontracts”** Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 1 749 1 529 +5.1% +13.0% +14.4% English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 612 518 -1.5% +8.4% +18.0% Ibero-LATAM 588 475 +16.8% +16.8% +24.0% Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA) 401 427 -5.3% +11.5% -6.1% India 148 109 +24.7% +24.7% +35.0% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 307 226 +18.8% +18.8% +36.3% TOTAL 2 056 1 755 +7.0% +13.8% +17.2%* Digital Integrated Business Services** Excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (""Covid contracts"")Core Services & Digital Integrated Business Services (D.I.B.S.)In the third quarter  Core Services & D.I.B.S. revenue amounted to €1 749 million  up +5.1% like-for-like from the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth was +13.0%. The acceleration in business growth observed in the second quarter of the year continued apace in the third quarter.Revenue amounted to €5 160 million in the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year increase of +4.2% like-for-like. Reported growth came to +12.1%  with the difference versus like-for-like growth primarily attributable to the rise against the euro in the US dollar and most other currencies including the Brazilian real  the Indian rupee  the Mexican peso and the Colombian peso. In addition  reported growth includes the contribution of Senture  which has been consolidated in the Group's financial statements from January 1  2022.Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  the Core Services & D.I.B.S. activity delivered +12.4% growth on a like-for-like basis in the first nine months. This strong momentum is based in particular on the Group’s robust and diversified client portfolio.English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP)In the third quarter  revenue for the region was €612 million  slightly down (-1.5%) on a like-for-like basis  affected by the sharp decline in the revenue contribution of Covid support contracts in the United Kingdom. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth was +8.4%.Revenue was €1 787 million for the first nine months of 2022  stable compared to the prior year with a like-for-like increase of +0.2%. The reported increase of +18.3% was primarily attributable to favorable currency effects – corresponding to the rise against the euro in the US dollar and  to a lesser extent  in the Indian rupee  the Philippine peso and the pound sterling– and the positive impact of consolidating Senture from January 1  2022.Revenue remained stable throughout the nine-month period due mainly to the sharp decline in the revenue contribution of Covid support contracts in the United Kingdom  which was expected. Excluding Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth for the EWAP region was +10.7%.In the North American market  revenue in the social media  online entertainment  travel and financial services sectors continued to grow at a brisk pace.Offshore activities in the Philippines have been growing at a very rapid pace since the beginning of the year. They are attractive for effectively addressing the temporary recruitment difficulties encountered in the US domestic labor market.In the United Kingdom  activities excluding the impact of Covid support contracts accelerated significantly in the third quarter in the banking and insurance sectors and with government agencies.Ibero-LATAMIn the third quarter  revenue came to €588 million  up +16.8% on a like-for-like basis.Nine-month revenue for the Ibero-LATAM region came to €1 687 million  a year-on-year increase of +16.9% like-for-like. The reported increase of +23.1% mainly reflected the rise in the US dollar  Brazilian real  Mexican peso and Colombian peso against the euro.This once again very satisfactory performance is largely attributable to the Group's assertive operations in the social media  online entertainment  healthcare  financial services and travel sectors.Growth remained strong in most countries in the region. Business growth was particularly robust in Argentina  Peru  the Dominican Republic and Mexico. Multilingual hubs in Spain and Portugal are enjoying further rapid expansion.Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)In the third quarter  revenue in the CEMEA region came to €401 million  down -5.3% on a like-for-like basis  due to the sharp decline in the contribution from Covid support contracts. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth was +11.5%.Revenue amounted to €1 275 million in the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year decline of -8.2% like-for-like and of -9.1% as reported  with the difference corresponding to negative currency effects due mainly to the fall of the Turkish lira against the euro. The like-for-like decline in revenue is linked to the sharp decrease in the contribution from Covid support contracts in the Netherlands  France and Germany. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  business growth reached +7.7% on a like-for-like basis  accelerating steadily throughout the first nine months of the year.The Group reaped the rewards of many new contract start-ups and buoyant business with multinational clients  particularly in the travel  automotive  financial services and online entertainment sectors.IndiaIn the third quarter  revenue amounted to €148 million  up +24.7% like-for-like  a sharp acceleration compared with the first half of the year.In the first nine months of 2022  operations in India generated €411 million in revenue  up +20.3% like-for-like from the prior-year period and by a stronger +28.3% as reported  due to the positive currency effect caused by the rise in the Indian rupee against the euro.Offshore activities  which are the main source of regional revenue and include high value-added solutions for all English-speaking markets  were very robust. Offshore solutions are particularly attractive since they effectively address temporary recruitment difficulties encountered in the domestic labor market.Specialized ServicesIn the third quarter  revenue was €307 million  up +18.8% on a like-for-like basis.Revenue from Specialized Services stood at €842 million in the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year increase of +19.1% like-for-like and of +44.7% as reported. The difference between like-for-like and reported growth stemmed from a favorable currency effect linked to the increase in value of the US dollar against the euro and a positive scope effect in the first half due to the consolidation of Health Advocate in the Group's financial statements since July 1  2021.The recovery in TLScontact volumes continued in the third quarter. However  business has still not reached its full potential due to the lockdowns in China.The growth of LanguageLine Solutions  the main contributor to Specialized Services revenue  accelerated in the third quarter. The healthcare sector  which accounts for more than half of this business' revenue  notably continued to deliver rapid growth.OutlookBarring unforeseen events  Teleperformance’s businesses should continue to grow actively in the fourth quarter  supported by the ramp-up of contracts signed in 2022. Based on the growth from upbeat operations in the first nine months  Teleperformance has raised its full-year 2022 guidance to:- like-for-like revenue growth  excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  of more than +12%  compared with an initial growth objective of more than +10%  which should also enable the Group to exceed the initial target of like-for-like growth of +5%;- an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of more than 21%- an EBITA margin before non-recurring items of around 15.5% respectively  up +40 basis points versus 2021  and up +10 basis points versus the initial 2022 target of a +30 basis point increase.---------------------------------DisclaimerAll forward-looking statements are based on Teleperformance management’s present expectations of future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these factors and uncertainties  please refer to the ""Risk Factors"" section of the Universal Registration Document  available at www.teleperformance.com. Teleperformance undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements.Webcast/Conference call with analysts and investorsA conference call and webcast will be held today at 6:15 PM CEST. The webcast will be available live or for delayed viewing at: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/teleperformance/20221103_1/Indicative investor calendarFull-year 2022 results: February 16  2023First-quarter 2023 revenue: April 25  2023About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceAppendixGlossary - Alternative Performance MeasuresChange in like-for-like revenue:Change in revenue at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation = [current year revenue - last year revenue at current year rates - revenue from acquisitions at current year rates] / last year revenue at current year rates.EBITDA before non‑recurring items or current EBITDA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization):Operating profit before depreciation & amortization  amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.EBITA before non‑recurring items or current EBITA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes and Amortization):Operating profit before amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.Non‑recurring items:Principally comprises restructuring costs  incentive share award plan expense  costs of closure of subsidiary companies  transaction costs for the acquisition of companies  and all other expenses that are unusual by reason of their nature or amount.Net free cash flow:Cash flow generated by the business - acquisitions of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment net of disposals - financial income/expenses.Net debt:Current and non-current financial liabilities - cash and cash equivalentsDiluted earnings per share (net profit attributable to shareholders divided by the number of diluted shares and adjusted):Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding by the effects of all potentially diluting ordinary shares. These include convertible bonds  stock options and incentive share awards granted to employees when the required performance conditions have been met at the end of the financial year.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Teleperformance SE', 'Quarterly Information', 'September', 'Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien', 'high value-added Specialized Services activities', '+€286 million positive currency effect', '+€203 million positive impact', 'recruitment process outsourcing market', 'favorable currency effect', 'recruitment lead time', 'financial services sectors', 'citizen experience management', 'flexible work organization', 'related digital services', 'Average exchange rate', 'uncertain economic environment', 'diversified client portfolio', 'Covid support contracts', 'first nine months', 'constant exchange rates', 'Solid, responsible growth', 'second year running', '+30 basis point increase', 'nine-month revenue figures', 'PSG Global Solutions', 'outsourcing solutions', 'Covid contracts', 'third-quarter 2022 Group revenue', 'digital solutions', 'tough environment', 'financial statements', 'global leader', 'global expertise', 'client sector', 'client verticals', 'digital transformation', 'digital economy', 'digital platform', 'second quarter', 'year increase', 'Regulatory News', 'outsourced customer', 'United States', 'Fortune magazine', 'Great Place', 'Full-year 2022 targets', 'EBITDA margin', 'non-recurring items', 'EBITA margin', 'upward trend', 'initial targets', 'three-fold expertise', 'US dollar', 'material contribution', 'Health Advocate', 'lower revenue', 'Consolidated revenue', 'constant scope', 'The Group', 'strong momentum', 'fourth quarter', 'current momentum', 'full year', 'growth outlook', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '+10 basis points', 'satisfactory performance', 'recurring impact', 'revenue growth', 'Third quarter', 'Teleperformance Chairman', '40 basis', 'PARIS', 'TEP', 'quarterly', 'period', 'travel', 'healthcare', 'acquisition', 'offering', 'costs', 'workforce', 'home', 'October', 'World', 'Workplaces™', 'industries', 'partnership', 'ramp-up', 'course', 'consolidation', 'forecast', 'lines', 'geographies', 'investments', 'RPO', 'rise', 'euro', 'Senture', 'absence', 'Changes', 'July']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-reports-third-quarter-203000331.html,DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update,Montrouge  France  November 3  2022 DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update DBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of...,"DBV Technologies S.A.Montrouge  France  November 3  2022DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business UpdateDBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of $213MDBV continues to practice budget discipline measures; cash used in operating activities decreased more than 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021  and 2022DBV continues to engage with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding the partial clinical hold on the VITESSE Phase 3 clinical studyDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022. The quarterly financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on November 3  2022. The Company also announced recent business updates concerning the VITESSE ( V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial to E valuate S afety  S implicity and E fficacy) Phase 3 study.DBV continues to engage with the FDA to address the feedback provided in the partial clinical hold letter and to finalize the VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol in children ages 4 to 7 years with a confirmed peanut allergy. The Company reports that progress has been made to address key elements of the partial clinical hold letter  but it will not meet the targeted first patient screened by year-end 2022. In parallel  DBV continues internal preparations for VITESSE and is conducting certain site assessment and start-up activities for prompt study launch once the partial clinical hold is lifted.It is currently premature to assess the impact of the partial clinical hold letter on other previously announced milestones related to the VITESSE Phase 3 study. DBV will communicate additional updates publicly as appropriate  including once the partial clinical hold has been lifted. The Company plans to host a conference call following that announcement.VITESSE is a Phase 3  double-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized study to assess the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy with the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 to 7 years.Story continuesFinancial Highlights for the Third Quarter and the Nine Months Ended September 30  20221Cash and Cash EquivalentsNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 135 369 $ (98 157) Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195Cash and cash equivalents were $212.7 million  as of September 30  2022  compared to $77.3 million as of December 31  2021  and $98.2 million as of September 30  2021. The net increase of $135.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  was mostly comprised of a $194.7 million net cash flow received from the ATM Offering in May 2022 for $14.1 million; net of transaction costs and PIPE Offering in June 2022 for $180.6 million; net of transaction costs as well as a $26.4 million cash flow received following the reimbursement of the 2019  2020 and 2021 Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) offset by a $(58.2) million cash utilization in operating activities; and the effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents for $(27.2) million.Excluding the effect of reimbursement of the Research Tax Credit  the cash used in operating activities decreased by 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021 and September 30  2022  respectively  reflecting the Company’s continued implementation of budget discipline measures.Operating Income is primarily generated from DBV’s Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) and from revenue recognized by DBV under its collaboration agreement with Nestlé Health Science. Operating income was $6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. The variation in operating income is primarily attributable to the revision of the revenue recognized under Nestlé’s collaboration agreement conducted as part of the existing contract  as the Company updated the measurement of progress of its Phase 2 APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study.Operating ExpensesU.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  ($ in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development $ (15 096) $ (16 320) $ (45 930) $ (58 663) Sales and marketing (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total operating expenses $ (20 094) $ (25 691) $ (64 762) $ (87 912)Operating Expenses for the three months ended September 30  2022  were $(20.1) million  compared to $(25.7) million for the three months ended September 30  2021  or -22%. For the nine months ended September 30  2022  operating expenses were $(64.8) million compared to $(87.9) million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  or -26%. DBV has continued to practice financial diligence and implemented further cost containment strategies to support its clinical trial objectives.Employee-related costs decreased by $6.1 million  from $23.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  to $17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 – a 26% decrease  compared to a 24% decrease of the average number of headcounts between the two periods (85 and 105 full-time equivalent employees for the nine months ended September 30  2022  and 2021  respectively). As of September 30  2022  DBV had 83 employees.Net Loss and Net Loss Per ShareU.S. GAAPThree months endedSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Net (loss) ($ in thousands) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic / diluted net loss per share ($/share) $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  net loss was $(17.3) million and $(57.0) million  respectively  compared to a net loss of $(24.0) million and $(84.1) million  respectively  for the comparable periods in 2021. On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) was $(0.18) and $(0.79) for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  respectively.Conference Call InformationDBV will host a conference call and live audio webcast on Thursday  November 3  2022  at 5:00 p.m. ET to report third quarter 2022 financial results and provide a business update.This call is accessible via the below teleconferencing numbers  followed by the reference ID: 94309191#United States: 866 374 5140Canada: 866 455 3403United Kingdom: 808 238 9813France: 805 102 712A live webcast of the call will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://www.dbv-technologies.com/investor-relations/. A replay of the presentation will also be available on DBV’s website after the event.CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION2 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPDecember 31  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Assets $ 248 117 $ 146 723 of which cash and cash equivalents 212 670 77 301 Liabilities 36 065 47 449 Shareholders’ equity $ 212 052 $ 99 274 of which net result (57 033) (97 809)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS1 (unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)U.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue $ 2 074 $ 1 323 $ 6 148 $ 2 776 Operating expenses : Research and development expenses (15 096) (16 320) (45 930) (58 663) Sales and marketing expenses (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative expenses (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total Operating expenses (20 094) (25 691) (64 762) (87 912) Financial income 732 336 1 668 597 Income tax - - (87) 404 Net (loss) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic/diluted Net loss per share attributable to shareholders $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW3 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in (provided by) investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 162 556 $ (89 514) Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 77 301 196 352 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s forecast of its cash runway  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  and the outcome of any litigation. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the SEC on March 9  2022  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.1 The Company’s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30  2022  are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").2 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").3 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['Third Quarter Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'Business Update', 'V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial', 'French Crédit Impôt Recherche', 'APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study', 'Phase 3, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch', 'partial clinical hold letter', 'VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol', 'VITESSE Phase 3 clinical study', 'DBV Technologies S.A.', 'Third Quarter Financial Results', '$194.7 million net cash flow', 'budget discipline measures', 'U.S. Food', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'U.S. GAAP', 'quarterly financial statements', '$26.4 million cash flow', 'exchange rate changes', '2021 Research Tax Credit', '$(58.2) million cash utilization', 'recent business updates', 'Nestlé Health Science', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Net cash flows', 'Total operating expenses', 'peanut allergy', 'prompt study', 'S afety', 'Financial Highlights', 'additional updates', 'exchange rates', 'operating activities', 'Operating Income', 'cash balance', 'Drug Administration', 'E fficacy', 'key elements', 'first patient', 'internal preparations', 'site assessment', 'start-up activities', 'conference call', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Cash Equivalents', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'ATM Offering', 'transaction costs', 'PIPE Offering', 'continued implementation', 'collaboration agreement', 'existing contract', 'nine months', 'three months', 'net increase', 'peanut-allergic children', 'The Company', 'Phase 2', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'November', 'Q3', 'FDA', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Board', 'Directors', 'feedback', 'ages', '7 years', 'progress', 'year-end', 'parallel', 'impact', 'milestones', 'announcement', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'Story', 'thousands', 'decrease', 'period', 'September', 'December', 'May', 'June', 'reimbursement', 'CIR', 'effect', 'revenue', 'variation', 'revision', 'measurement', 'development', 'Sales', 'marketing', 'administrative', '2019']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547200/0/en/Elis-Share-capital-increase-reserved-for-employees-Elis-for-All-2022.html,Elis: Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”,Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”  Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022  The subscription period for the share capital increase......,English FrenchShare capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022The subscription period for the share capital increase reserved for Elis employees ended on 5 October 2022. 3.56% of employees in 17 countries chose to participate  either directly or via the Elis Group employee shareholding fund  in this operation  the third of its kind in the Group's history  for a total subscription of nearly 4.9 million euros.Implemented by the Elis Supervisory Board on July 27  2022 and the Management Board on July 28  2022  on the basis of a delegation of authority from the General Meeting of May 19  2022  the share capital increase allowed the Group's employees to invest in Elis shares at a unit price of 8.97 euros  corresponding to the average opening price of the share from August 19 to September 15  2022  discounted by 30%  and benefiting from a matching contribution from Elis equal to one share offered for 10 shares subscribed.The subscriptions received resulted in the issue  on 3 November 2022  of 583 130 new shares (including bonus shares) with a par value of 1 euro  representing 0.25% of the capital  i.e. total issue proceeds (including premium) of 4 940 810.55 euros. The new shares bear rights from the date of their issue and are fully assimilated to the existing shares.The new shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris regulated market (ISIN code FR0012435121) on the same day.ContactNicolas Buron - Investor Relations Director - Phone: +33 1 75 49 98 30 - nicolas.buron@elis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Share capital increase', 'Elis', 'employees', 'Elis Group employee shareholding fund', 'Investor Relations Director', 'average opening price', 'Share capital increase', 'Elis Supervisory Board', 'total issue proceeds', 'total subscription', 'Management Board', 'unit price', 'one share', 'English French', 'subscription period', 'General Meeting', 'Elis shares', 'matching contribution', 'par value', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'same day', '583,130 new shares', 'bonus shares', 'existing shares', 'Elis employees', '4.9 million euros', 'Nicolas Buron', '10 shares', '8.97 euros', '4,940,810.55 euros', 'Saint-Cloud', '3 November', '5 October', '17 countries', 'operation', 'kind', 'history', 'July', 'basis', 'delegation', 'authority', 'May', 'August', 'September', 'subscriptions', '1 euro', 'premium', 'rights', 'date', 'market', 'Contact', 'Phone', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547224/0/en/Global-Bioenergies-awarded-for-its-innovative-ingredient-Isonaturane-12-at-the-In-Cosmetics-Asia-trade-show.html,Global Bioenergies awarded for its innovative ingredient Isonaturane® 12 at the In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show,Global Bioenergies awarded for its innovative ingredient Isonaturane® 12 at the In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show  Bangkok  Thailand  3 November...,French EnglishGlobal Bioenergies awarded for its innovative ingredient Isonaturane® 12 at the In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade showBangkok  Thailand  3 November 2022 - Isonaturane® 12  the world’s first biosourced isododecane created and marketed by Global Bioenergies  yesterday received the SILVER Award at the prestigious In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show.In-Cosmetics™ Asia is the Asian edition of the world’s largest cosmetic ingredients trade show  welcoming exhibitors and visitors from over 70 countries and showcasing the sector’s latest innovations at the very centre of the region.During this event  an international jury of independent experts from the cosmetics industry recognises the leading innovations in the field of cosmetic ingredients. Global Bioenergies was today honoured with the SILVER Award for its Isonaturane® 12  the world’s first 100% naturally sourced isododecane  paving the way for naturalness in longwear make-up. Isododecane is also used in very large volumes in the skincare  haircare and toiletries segments.Daphne Galvez  Commercial Director  said: “This award recognises Global Bioenergies’ major innovation in the field of cosmetic ingredients and increases its visibility in a new key region. Our innovation generates incoming calls from prospects located in all regions of the world; it shows the universal appetite for naturalness in cosmetics.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.0,True,English,"['In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show', 'Global Bioenergies', 'innovative ingredient', 'Isonaturane®', 'largest cosmetic ingredients trade show', 'In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show', 'Global Bioenergies’ major innovation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'major cosmetics companies', 'natural make-up brand', 'new key region', 'first biosourced isododecane', 'longwear make-up', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'cosmetics industry', 'global warming', 'French English', 'innovative ingredient', 'Asian edition', 'latest innovations', 'international jury', 'independent experts', 'leading innovations', 'large volumes', 'toiletries segments', 'Daphne Galvez', 'Commercial Director', 'incoming calls', 'universal appetite', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'carbon footprint', 'long run', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'road sector', 'Isonaturane®', 'Bangkok', 'Thailand', 'world', 'Award', 'prestigious', 'exhibitors', 'visitors', '70 countries', 'centre', 'event', 'field', '100% naturally', 'way', 'naturalness', 'skincare', 'haircare', 'visibility', 'prospects', 'regions', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547275/0/en/Marel-Q3-2022-Investor-Meeting-Presentation.html,Marel: Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation,Marel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022.  Please find attached the...,English IcelandicMarel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022.Please find attached the Q3 2022 investor presentation for today’s investor meeting at 8:30 am GMT (9:30 am CET)  where senior management will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the third quarter.The meeting is webcast live on marel.com/webcast and a recording is available after the meeting on marel.com/ir.Members of the investment community can also join the conference call by dialing:IS: +354 800 7437 (PIN 84639778#)NL: +31 20 721 9495UK: +44 33 3300 9035US: +1 646 722 4956Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation', 'Marel', 'Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'Q3 2022 investor presentation', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'financial results', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'English Icelandic', 'senior management', 'operational highlights', 'third quarter', 'investment community', 'conference call', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'investor meeting', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Marel hf.', 'market', '2 November', 'today', 'GMT', 'overview', 'recording', 'Members', 'PIN', 'UK', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,000 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June', 'Attachment', '8:30']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12612,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548100/0/en/Success-of-the-first-Believe-employee-shareholding-plan-b-shares-2022.html,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022  Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee......,"English FrenchSuccess of the first Believe employee shareholding planb.shares 2022Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee shareholding plan. This offer  carried out in 6 countries from September 16 to October 6  2022  has enabled 40% of eligible employees to become shareholders of the Company.With a subscription rate of 40%  including nearly 60% in France  the 2022 b.shares plan is an illustration of the strong commitment of our employees in the future development of Believe  and a key step in the journey to our corporate project "" Shaping Music for Good "" driven by our four driving forces: respect  expertise  fairness and transparency towards all of our stakeholders.507 employees  including 336 in France  participated in the offer at a unit subscription price of €6.90. The total investment (made of employee investments and Believe matching contributions) amounts to €2.3 million.From this first year  31% of Believe employees have become shareholders holding 0.35% directly or through the employee mutual fund (FCPE Believe shares) of the capital of the Company  i.e. a total of 337 457 shares.As of November 3  2022  the number of Believe outstanding shares amounted to 96 575 623 shares.About BelieveBelieve is one of the world's leading digital music companies. Believe's mission is to support artists and labels by offering them digital solutions adapted to their evolving needs at each stage of their development. Believe relies on its technological platform  on the unique digital expertise of its employees to advise its artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 @employees present in more than 50 countries support them with unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including  among others  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comBelieve contactsInvestor relationsEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comTel. : +33 1 53093391Port. : + 33 6 07099860 Press relationsManon JESSUAmanon.jessua@believe.comAttachment",positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'Success', 'shares', 'first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'first employee shareholding plan', 'leading digital music companies', 'employee mutual fund', 'four driving forces', '2022 b.shares plan', 'unit subscription price', 'unique digital expertise', 'Believe matching contributions', 'FCPE Believe shares', 'Believe outstanding shares', 'first year', 'employee investments', 'digital solutions', 'subscription rate', 'English French', 'strong commitment', 'key step', 'corporate project', 'evolving needs', 'technological platform', 'various solutions', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'regulated market', 'Investor relations', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'Press relations', 'future development', 'total investment', 'Euronext Paris', 'eligible employees', 'Believe employees', 'Manon JESSUA', '337,457 shares', '96,575,623 shares', '507 employees', '1,610 @employees', 'Success', 'offer', '6 countries', 'September', 'October', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'France', 'illustration', 'journey', 'Shaping', 'Good', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'stakeholders', 'capital', 'November', 'number', 'world', 'mission', 'artists', 'labels', 'stage', '50 countries', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'others', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'compartment', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'contacts', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548092/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-October-2022.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares - October 2022,Ivry  November 3rd  2022    Regulated information     INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES      Statement in compliance with...,English FrenchIvry  November 3rd  2022Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 10/31/2022 26 871 853 26 871 853 26 720 503(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS Stéphanie Laval stephanie.laval@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'October', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'Stéphanie Laval stephanie', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'des marchés financiers', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', 'November', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12614,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548126/0/en/Guerbet-Guerbet-announces-a-change-in-governance-for-its-Artificial-Intelligence-projects.html,Guerbet: Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects,Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects  Villepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement......,French EnglishGuerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projectsVillepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative  formalizing the termination of their collaboration signed in July 2018.Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative formalizing the termination of their collaboration initiated in July 2018. This partnership aimed to design  develop and market software solutions to help diagnose and monitor liver and prostate cancers. The termination follows Merative's strategic shift in how it delivers artificial intelligence within its imaging product portfolio.The new Asset Assignment and License Agreement grants Guerbet the ability and autonomy to pursue research and development  and plan for the market launch of Artificial Intelligence solutions. Assets developed during the partnership  including source code for application software  Artificial Intelligence algorithms and the associated intellectual property  are being transferred to Guerbet.The market potential remains unchanged and significant  and this Asset Assignment and License Agreement will transfer control over the remaining development work to Guerbet. Promising initial results have been obtained in 2022  particularly for the detection of liver lesions (presentation scheduled for the RSNA 2022 conference) and for the detection of prostate cancer (work presented at the ECR 2022 conference). The high quality of the work presented by Guerbet’s Artificial Intelligence research team also impressed the jury of the BPI France 2030 program  which has awarded the company €1 million in funding for its project aimed at early detection of pancreatic cancer  as recently announced.Numerous stakeholders have communicated their interest to the Group’s management in recent months  attesting to the business’ strong potential. Constructive discussions are currently also underway to set up new partnerships in order to accelerate the business roadmap and to facilitate the emergence of a national champion in the area of artificial intelligence for medical imaging.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8%-10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €732 million in revenue in 2021. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.comContactGuerbetClaire Lauvernier  Directrice de la Communication +33.6.79.52.11.88 / claire.lauvernier@guerbet.01 45 91 50 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.34,0.05,True,English,"['Artificial Intelligence projects', 'Guerbet', 'change', 'governance', 'Artificial Intelligence projects Villepinte', 'Artificial Intelligence research team', 'Artificial Intelligence algorithms', 'Artificial Intelligence solutions', 'imaging product portfolio', 'BPI France 2030 program', 'new Asset Assignment', 'business’ strong potential', 'remaining development work', 'new partnerships', 'business roadmap', 'software solutions', 'AI solutions', 'medical imaging', 'interventional imaging', 'French English', 'prostate cancers', 'strategic shift', 'source code', 'application software', 'intellectual property', 'initial results', 'RSNA 2022 conference', 'ECR 2022 conference', 'high quality', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Numerous stakeholders', 'recent months', 'Constructive discussions', 'national champion', 'lasting relationships', 'global leader', 'comprehensive range', 'pharmaceutical products', 'medical devices', 'contrast products', 'five centers', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'segment B', 'mid caps', 'License Agreement', 'liver lesions', 'Claire Lauvernier', 'market launch', 'early detection', 'Guerbet', 'change', 'governance', 'Merative', 'termination', 'collaboration', 'July', 'ability', 'autonomy', 'Assets', 'control', 'Promising', 'presentation', 'jury', 'company', 'funding', 'interest', 'Group', 'management', 'order', 'emergence', 'area', 'people', 'purpose', 'digital', 'diagnostic', 'pioneers', '95 years', '2,600 employees', 'revenue', 'Israel', 'GBT', 'information', 'Contact', 'Directrice', 'Communication', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12615,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-to-present-at-jefferies-healthcare-conference-301667120.html,Pharming to present at Jefferies Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November …","LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November 15-17  2022.Pharming Group N.V.'s CEO will present on Tuesday  November 15 at 09:45 GMT / 10:45 CET.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Jefferies representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to [email protected].About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Relations team', 'management team', 'Jefferies representative', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'London', 'CEO', 'Tuesday', 'November', '09:45 GMT', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo', '10:45']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,prnewswire.com
12616,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vgp-trading-solid-growth-record-060000342.html,VGP Trading Update: Solid Growth  Record Deliveries and Occupancy Rate Boost Recurring Rental Income,3 November 2022  7:00 am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) today published its trading update for the first ten months of 2022  in which...,VGP NV3 November 2022  7:00 am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) today published its trading update for the first ten months of 2022  in which  against a background of volatile macro-economic and geopolitical uncertainties VGP recorded a robust operating performance:€53.1 million of new and renewed leases signed year-to-date (of which €21.3 million during the past 4 months) bringing the annualised committed leases for the year to date to € 291.0 million 1 (+ €34.9 million compared to 31 December 2021) (+13.6% YTD and +21.0% y-o-y)Property portfolio 2 virtually fully let with occupancy at 99.6% as of 31 October 2022 (compared to 99.4 % as at 31 December 2021)Based on the current inflation  we expect our already income generating rent roll to grow by 7% ( € 17 million ² ) through indexation alone in 202337 projects under construction representing 1 253 000 m² (of which 16 projects totalling 346 000 m² started up during the year) and € 82.8 million in additional annual rent once fully built and let. These buildings under construction are 93.7% pre-let28 projects delivered during the year representing 576 000 m²  or € 31 million in additional annual rent (of which 11 projects totalling 240 000 m² delivered during the 2H 2022) and a further 460 000 m² estimated for delivery in the remainder of 2022P hotovoltaic capacity grew exponentially y-o-y to 120.9MWp operational or under construction and with a further 67.9MWp being planned. Once built  the significant photovoltaic roll-out – which is already generating €3.7 million revenues YTD – will match our 2021 tenant electricity consumption. This contributed to the three star GRESB developer rating and elevated the portfolio compliance on the Paris-aligned 1.5 - degree decar bonisation pathway until the year 2045 which moves us significantly closer to a 1.5-degree ready portfolio under CRREMContinuing strong relationship with Allianz Real Estate evidenced by:(i) Second closing of VGP Park München joint venture with Allianz Real Estate on track for December 2022 with proceeds of circa €70 million to be expected;(ii) Including the upcoming closing for VGP Park München the total JV closing in 2022 will amount to an annual record of more than €800 million;(iii) Additional closing expected in Q1 2023 with the First Joint Venture for a total GAV of more than € 100 million. The transaction is currently under due diligence;(iv) Profit distribution from the joint ventures gaining momentum with profit distribution year to date totalling €28.2 million with a further ca. €30 million profit distribution to be received during November 20221 925 000 m² of new development land acquired during the year (of which 378 000 m² during 2H 2022) and 696 000 m² of development land deployed during the year to support the new developments started up during the year. Total secured development land bank stand at 10 683 000 m² at the end of October 2022 representing a development potential of circa 5 million m²VGP’s Chief Executive Officer  Jan Van Geet: “VGP is having a very solid year in terms of growth and cash generation and an absolute record year in terms of completions of long-let projects to our clients: now these rents turn effective this generates a significant boost in our recurring revenue.”Jan Van Geet added: “These record deliveries have made evident once again that VGP's DNA is of course closely linked to the constant development of new projects. As we look forward  we see a significant need for high quality new developments  driven by many factors  as the world of tomorrow is one of sustainability and efficiency driven by smart technologies and artificial intelligence. I believe that we have only seen a fraction of the efficiency potential yet  more innovations to optimise energy and operational efficiency are inevitably going to transform our industry in the years ahead of us. I do believe that our team is well set-up to deliver those highly complex  tailor-made  and sustainable solutions to the highest quality matching future customer needs  and above all that it is set-up to do that in all the countries we are active in in a consistent way. This is critical as our long-term development activities will always be driven by our ability to meet such client demand and our profitability looking forward.”Jan Van Geet concluded: “It is equally important to point out to the fact that  as an economy does not develop in a linear way we have  besides the developer gains  always built different sources of recurring income – besides rental income and income from our renewable energy sources also facility and property management fees and asset management fees. These recurrent income streams  boosted by the record delivery of buildings over the past years are now becoming a substantial part of our income and give us ample room to pay out dividends in the future and strengthen substantially VGP’s balance sheet on a standalone basis. Indeed  we have always deliberately chosen to keep recurring income from our assets partly on our balance sheet ourselves  partly through JVs we manage. Furthermore as a result  combined with the existing cash on balance sheet  undrawn RCFs and planned Munich joint venture closing we have enough means available to cover our commitments well beyond 2023.”OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS – 10M 2022Lease activities and resilienceSigned and renewed rental income of €53.1 million driven by 721 000 m 2 of new lease agreements signed (corresponding to €40.3 million of new annualised rental income 3 )  combined with 241 000 m 2 of lease agreements renewed (corresponding to €12.7 million of annualised rental income 4 ) and €3.7 million of indexation.Of the signed rent agreements in 2022 over half the committed rent comes from Logistics (53%) (of which 40% is general logistics  13% is non-food retail logistics and 1% is food-retail logistics)  followed by E-commerce (21%) and Light industrial (15%) (of which 4% is automotive related industry) and 10% is defined in another category.Germany was the main driver of the growth in committed leases with €17.4 million (40%) of new leases 5 signed during the year (of which € 5.8 million on behalf of the Joint Ventures 6 ). The other countries also performed very well: new leases being signed in Romania +€ 4.3 million (10%) (€0.3 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Spain +€4.0 million (9%) (€2.6 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Netherlands +€3.9 million (9%) (€3.4 million on behalf of the JV portfolio)  Slovakia +€3.6 million (9 %) (€0.9 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Czech Republic +€ 3.4 million (8%) (€2.5 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Hungary +€2.8 million (6%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Austria +€2.4 million (5%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Latvia +€0.7 million (2%) (own portfolio)  Italy +€1.0 million (2%) (€0.4 million on behalf of JV portfolio) and Portugal +€0.6 million (1%) (own portfolio).Terminations represented a total of €9.1 million or 170 000 m 2 (of which 118 000 m 2 within the Joint Ventures’ portfolio). VGP has been able to release premisses so far at overall higher rental prices. As an example  in Germany  VGP’s largest market  VGP was able to increase as such its average rental price per square meter by 15%.The total signed lease agreements increased to €291.0 million annualised committed rental income (equivalent to circa 5.0 million m 2 of lettable area) from €256.1 million as of 31 December 2021. A 13.6% increase year-to-date.The signed committed lease agreements of the own portfolio represent a total of 2 038 000 m² of lettable area (€116.5 million of annualised committed leases) with the weighted average term of the annualised committed leases standing at 9.8 years 7 as at the end of October 2022.The signed committed lease agreements of the Joint Ventures’ portfolio represent a total of 2 971 000 m² of lettable area (€174.5 million of annualised committed leases) with the weighted average term of the annualised committed leases standing at 7.3 years 8 as at the end of October 2022.The weighted average term of the annualised leases of the combined own and Joint Ventures’ portfolio stood at 8.3 years 9 at the end of October 2022 compared to 8.6 years at the end of December 2021.The Annualised Committed Leases are composed of €207.7 million lease agreements which have already become effective as of 31 October 2022 and €83.3 million signed lease agreements which will become effective in the future. The breakdown as to when the Annualised Committed Leases will become effective is as follows:In Million EUR Current <1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years >3 years Total Own 64.1 44.2 5.7 0.6 1.9 116.5 Joint Ventures at 100% 143.6 30.9 0.0 0.0 0.0 174.5 Total 207.7 75.1 5.7 0.6 1.9 291.0Virtually all lease agreements include indexation clauses  of which the majority are uncapped  making the property portfolio well protected against inflation. Most of the existing leases are indexed in the first months of the year with the year-to-date indexation totalling €3.7 million of rent equivalent. It is expected that this amount will rapidly ramp up when the current high inflation levels will be charged through to tenants during the first half of 2023.Based on the lease agreements becoming effective in 2023  for every 5% of inflation 4% will be passed on as indexation through increase of rent. Assuming a 10% inflation rate  rent would be increased by 7% during the same year (8% rent increase in respect of the own portfolio and 7% in respect of the Joint Ventures’ portfolio).Development activitiesDuring the second half of 2022  VGP completed another 11 buildings representing 240 000 m² of lettable area  i.e.: in the Czech Republic: one building of 29 500 m² in VGP Park Hradek nad Nisou  one building of 15 800 m² in VGP Park Kladno  and one building of 5 500 m² in VGP Park Chomutov; in Germany: one building of 67 200 m² in VGP Park Laatzen and one building of 20 400 m² in VGP Park Rostock; in Spain: one building of 29 600 m² in VGP Park Sevilla Dos Hermanas and two buildings totalling 34 800 m² in VGP Park Zaragoza; in the other countries  one building of 10 700 m² in VGP Park Budapest Aerozone (Hungary)  one building of 18 300 m² in VGP Park Bratislava (Slovakia)  and finally one building of 8 200 m² in VGP Park Graz 2 (Austria).This brings the total of delivered projects for the first ten months of 2022 to 28 projects  adding 576 000 m 2 of lettable area representing €31.6 million of annualized leases and which are 99.3% let.16 new projects have started up in the course of 2022 which represent 316 000 m 2 of future lettable area representing €23.3 million of annualised leases once fully built and let.A total of 39 projects under construction at the end of October 2022 which will add 1 253 000 m 2 of future lettable area representing €82.8 million of annualised leases once fully built and let (93.7% pre-let).Geographical split of parks under construction  based on square meters: 57% are located in Germany (17% attributable to VGP Park München and 40% to other projects in Germany)  11% in Romania  8% in Hungary  6% in the Netherlands  6% in Latvia  5% in the Czech Republic  2% in Spain  2% in Slovakia  2% in Portugal and 1% in Austria.VGP continues to focus on maintaining its development margins by reviewing any new and existing developments against their respective² targeted yield on costs10. Reflective of current market dynamics  the targeted average yield on costs are well above 7% for Western Europe  above 7.5% for Southern Europe and above 8% for Central and East Europe11.Land bankDuring the second half of 2022  VGP expanded its land bank further and as at 31 October 2022  the Group (including the Joint Ventures at 100%) has a remaining development land bank in full ownership of 8 164 000 m² (of which 1 307 000 m² held by the Joint Ventures) which allows the Group to develop ca. 3 680 000 m² of future lettable area (of which 622 000 m² on behalf of the Joint Ventures). In addition  the Group has another 2 519 000 m² of secured land plots which are expected to be purchased during the next 6 to 18 months  subject to obtaining the necessary permits.This brings the remaining total owned and committed land bank for development as at 31 October 2022 to 10 683 000 m²  which represents a remaining development potential of ca. 4 812 000 m² of which 706 000 m² (15%) in Germany  733 000 m² (15%) in Romania  639 000 m² (13%) in the Netherlands  464 000 m² (10%) in the Slovak Republic  487 000 m² (10%) in Serbia  422 000 m² (9%) in Spain  323 000 m² (6%) in Hungary  316 000 m² (7%) in Italy  263 000 m² (5%) in the Czech Republic  138 000 m² (3%) in Austria  149 000 m² (3%) in France  120 000 m² (2%) in Portugal  38 000 m² (1%) in Croatia and the remaining balance of 14 000 m² in Latvia.From an asset value perspective  the land bank is predominantly Western European-based but on the bases of square meters the land bank is well spread across the countries in which we operate.Due to the overall market circumstances  we do anticipate more  predominantly brownfield  opportunities to become available in the coming 12 months – we remain vigilant and are prepared for such opportunities to be seized at the right time.ESG initiatives and sustainable energy89 roof-solar installations with a total capacity of 120.9 MWp – of which own operational photovoltaic capacity doubled y-o-y to 40.4MWp  15.1MWp third-party operated and 65.4MWp of own installations are currently under construction. This is being realised through a € 40.7 million investment to date (and a further €28.8 million committed). In addition  the identified pipeline equates to an additional power generation capacity of 67.9 MWp.The potential current annual energy production  including PV projects under construction and in the pipeline is estimated at 168 318 MWh per year  which is equal to the total electricity consumption of all our tenants in VGP buildings in 2021.The GRESB score for the Group has made significant progress in 2022; the development portfolio received one additional star to three green stars.VGP performed its second CRREM study (Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor) in 2022. The analysis was done on the entire portfolio (based on GRESB submission; as of December 2021; including JVs at 100%). The results are encouraging as the portfolio remains compliant on a 1.5°C decarbonization pathway until 2037 which is a 10-year improvement versus last year’s results. Taking also into account the expected annual energy production of current photovoltaic systems in the pipeline the portfolio compliance will be extended until 2045 and over 40% still compliant in 2050.The first certificate for EU Taxonomy compliance was received for a standing asset and going forward VGP aims for all new developments to achieve an EPC A energy label  EU taxonomy compliance  a BREEAM Excellent or DGNB Gold certificate and will no longer use gas heating where this is feasible.The Group’s earlier announced carbon reduction roadmap targets across scope 1-3 are set taking the science-based target constraints into account (see Corporate Responsibility Report 2021 for further details)  the Group has now engaged on a formal SBTi validation path  feedback is anticipated in 2023.Allianz Real Estate and developments with regards to Joint VenturesSecond closing of VGP Park München joint venture with Allianz Real Estate on track for December 2022 with proceeds of ca. €70 million to be excepted. Additional equity recycling expected during the first half of 2023 through the partial refinancing by already secured bank debt.Including the upcoming closing for VGP Park München  VGP and Allianz Real Estate will have completed 4 Joint Venture closings in 2022 resulting in a transfer of a record more than €800 million in gross asset value.Next closing expected in Q1 2023 with the First Joint Venture for a total gross asset value of more than €100 million. The transaction is currently under due diligence.Profit distribution from joint ventures is gaining momentum with profit distribution year to date totalling €28.2 million with a further ca. €30 million profit distribution to be received during November 2022.OutlookNotwithstanding assets being transferred to the joint ventures  the recurring cash generating part of VGP’s business is continuing to grow to a considerable size with total contracted annual rental and fee income on a proportional look-through basis due to rise substantially during the next 12 months. Thus will significantly increase the recurring cash generation of the Group.At the moment of publication of the FY2022 financial results  scheduled for release on 23 February 2023  VGP will further communicate on the dividend proposal. The expected dividend distribution will be reviewed in the light of the current dividend policy and taking the longer-term target of dividend coverage (by recurring net rental and fee income and dividend distributions received from the joint ventures minus recurring expenses) into consideration.Due to the overall market circumstances VGP anticipates more  predominantly brownfield  opportunities to become available during the next 12 months. VGP remains vigilant and is prepared for such opportunities to be seized at the right time and price.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432Forward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European developer  manager and owner of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 380 FTEs today and operates in 19 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of June 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.53 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.34 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels. (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.eu1 Including Joint Ventures at 100%. As at 31 October 2022 the annualised committed leases of the Joint Ventures stood at €174.5 million (€151.1 million as at 31 December 2021).2 Including Joint Ventures at 100%.3 Of which 493 000 m² (€27.8 million) related to the own portfolio.4 Of which 200 000 m² (€10.5 million) related to the Joint Ventures’ portfolio.5 Including rent indexation effects.6 Joint Ventures means either and each of (i) the First Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz and (ii) the Second Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics 2 S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz  and (iii) the Third Joint Venture i.e. VGP Park München GmbH  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz  and (iv) the Fourth Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics 3 S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz and (v) LPM Joint Venture  i.e. LPM Holding B.V.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Roozen Landgoederen Beheer.7 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 9.5 years as at 31 October 2022.8 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 6.9 years as at 31 October 2022.9 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 8.0 years as at 31 October 2022.10 Yields on cost are calculated as annualised rent divided by total project cost (including land acquisition costs and project development costs).11 Western Europe includes Netherlands  Germany  France. Southern Europe includes Portugal  Spain  Italy Central Europe includes Czech Republic  Austria  Hungary. East Europe include Serbia  Romania  LatviaAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['VGP Trading Update', 'Recurring Rental Income', 'Solid Growth', 'Record Deliveries', 'Occupancy Rate', 'Paris-aligned 1.5 - degree decar bonisation pathway', 'highest quality matching future customer needs', 'Total secured development land bank stand', 'three star GRESB developer rating', 'VGP Park München joint venture', 'high quality new developments', 'income generating rent roll', 'First Joint Venture', 'new development land', 'robust operating performance', 'P hotovoltaic capacity', '2021 tenant electricity consumption', 'Allianz Real Estate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jan Van Geet', 'long-term development activities', 'asset management fees', 'total JV closing', 'additional annual rent', 'first ten months', 'property management fees', 'significant photovoltaic roll-out', '1.5-degree ready portfolio', 'recurrent income streams', '€30 million profit distribution', 'renewable energy sources', 'profit distribution year', 'absolute record year', 'total GAV', 'joint ventures', 'developer gains', 'development potential', 'constant development', 'annual record', 'Additional closing', 'Property portfolio', 'past 4 months', 'different sources', '€3.7 million revenues', 'portfolio compliance', 'significant boost', 'significant need', 'Second closing', 'upcoming closing', 'record deliveries', '5 million m²', 'recurring income', 'rental income', 'VGP NV', 'trading update', 'volatile macro-economic', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'current inflation', 'strong relationship', 'due diligence', 'cash generation', 'recurring revenue', 'many factors', 'smart technologies', 'artificial intelligence', 'sustainable solutions', 'consistent way', 'client demand', 'linear way', 'substantial part', 'balance sheet', 'standalone basis', 'record delivery', 'new projects', 'efficiency potential', 'operational efficiency', 'solid year', 'past years', 'long-let projects', '1,253,000 m²', '6,000 m²', '576,000 m', '240,000 m²', '460,000 m²', '1,925,000 m²', '37 projects', '16 projects', '28 projects', '11 projects', 'November', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'background', 'leases', '31 December', 'occupancy', '31 October', 'indexation', 'construction', 'buildings', '2H 2022', 'remainder', '120.9MWp', '67.9MWp', 'YTD', 'CRREM', 'Continuing', 'track', 'proceeds', 'Q1', 'transaction', 'momentum', 'ca.', 'end', 'terms', 'growth', 'completions', 'clients', 'rents', 'DNA', 'course', 'world', 'tomorrow', 'sustainability', 'fraction', 'innovations', 'industry', 'team', 'countries', 'profitability', 'economy', 'facility', 'room', 'assets', '7:00', '99.', '378,000', '10', '683,000']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12617,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/94753/s-bank-integrates-worldline-fraud-management-suite,S-Bank integrates Worldline fraud management suite,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has integrated its Fraud Management Suite into the issuing platform of Finnish bank S-Bank.,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has integrated its Fraud Management Suite into the issuing platform of Finnish bank S-Bank.Supported by Worldline technology  S-Bank will deploy extensive real-time fraud detection for debit and credit cards whilst increasing the efficiency of its card fraud and risk management.Convenience and safetyWith counterfeit fraud and face-to-face interactions decreasing  online fraud now represents 94% of overall fraud and has pushed fraudsters towards those channels. Financial institutions need innovative solutions to detect and respond to fraud in real-time. S-Bank has recognized the benefit of using Worldline’s state-of-the-art fraud detection and reaction platform to detect and respond to fraudulent payments before they are even processed.Worldline Fraud Management Suite (FRAMS) covers all aspects of card fraud detection and prevention  incorporating artificial intelligence and rules modelling management  investigations  and fraud case handling. Three tools developed by Worldline and adapted to S-Bank processing have been implemented:• Worldline Pay Online Watcher: a real-time rules engine for front-office authorization declines.• Extended Watcher: providing artificial intelligence and big data analysis including clearing and confirmed fraud cases  as well as for sending card blocking instructions to the back-office.• Fraud Case Management tool: for case handling  investigations and call centre for cardholder interactions.Over 3 million customers in FinlandS-Bank is a Finnish bank which aims to offer banking services that make life easier. As part of the S Group  they cater to 3.1 million customers in Finland. S-Bank wants to reshape the banking industry by offering superior ease and benefits by working with the S Group in developing new services. By implementing the Fraud Management Suite  the bank is able to leverage the existing fraud protection expertise of Worldline and react to payments fraud in real time.Marketta Lundell  Head of Cards at S-Bank: “During the implementation process  we found common working methods and are pleased with the current co-operation with Worldline. We recognize that by implementing this Worldline FRAMS solution on top of our existing platform  we’re benefiting from the expertise and software that was developed in-house by Worldline  that is also used by financial institutions across the entire continent.”Michael Steinbach  Managing Director of Financial Services business at Worldline: “The successful integration of the Fraud Management Suite at S-Bank  a major player in the Finnish market  underlines our increasing footprint in the Nordic region. With our solution  S-Bank can scale up without hesitation  at any given time. We’re proud to welcome them as one of our partners in Finland  and this partnership demonstrates an amazing possibility for growth.”,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,mixed,0.3,0.12,0.58,True,English,"['Worldline fraud management suite', 'S-Bank', 'Fraud Case Management tool', 'extensive real-time fraud detection', 'existing fraud protection expertise', 'Worldline Pay Online Watcher', 'Worldline Fraud Management Suite', 'big data analysis', 'common working methods', 'card blocking instructions', 'card fraud detection', 'fraud case handling', 'real-time rules engine', 'Financial Services business', 'Worldline FRAMS solution', 'online fraud', 'Finnish bank S-Bank', 'Extended Watcher', 'existing platform', 'risk management', 'counterfeit fraud', 'overall fraud', 'fraud cases', 'payments fraud', 'Financial institutions', 'Finnish market', 'payment services', 'banking services', 'new services', 'global leader', 'issuing platform', 'face interactions', 'innovative solutions', 'reaction platform', 'fraudulent payments', 'artificial intelligence', 'Three tools', 'front-office authorization', 'call centre', 'cardholder interactions', '3 million customers', 'S Group', '3.1 million customers', 'banking industry', 'superior ease', 'Marketta Lundell', 'implementation process', 'current co-operation', 'entire continent', 'Michael Steinbach', 'Managing Director', 'successful integration', 'major player', 'increasing footprint', 'Nordic region', 'amazing possibility', 'Worldline technology', 'credit cards', 'real time', 'S-Bank processing', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'debit', 'efficiency', 'Convenience', 'safety', 'fraudsters', 'channels', 'benefit', 'aspects', 'prevention', 'investigations', 'back-office', 'Finland', 'life', 'part', 'Head', 'top', 'software', 'house', 'hesitation', 'growth']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finextra.com
12618,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-reports-strong-growth-q3-070000902.html,Stellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29%. Full-Year Guidance Confirmed,Stellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29% Full-Year Guidance Confirmed Net revenues reached €42.1 billion  up 29% compared to Q3 2021 ...,"STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29%Full-Year Guidance ConfirmedNet revenues reached €42.1 billion  up 29% compared to Q3 2021  mainly reflecting higher volumes  c ontinued strong net pricing and favorable FX translation effectsConsolidated shipments (1) of 1 281k units  up 13% y-o-y  primarily due to improvement in semiconductor order fulfillment versus Q3 2021Total new vehicle inventory of 926k units at September 30  2022. Company inventory of 275k units  up 179k units from December 31  2021  primarily in Enlarged Europe due to logistics challengesGlobal BEV sales increased 41% versus Q3 2021""Buoyed by the enthusiastic response to our Dodge and Jeep EV Days over the summer  and our Q3 global BEV sales increasing 41% year-over-year  we are executing our Dare Forward 2030 electrification roadmap at a fast pace to meet the strong demand for electrified vehicles. We look forward to CES 2023 in January in Las Vegas  where the Ram 1500 Revolution BEV Concept will make its worldwide debut.""Richard Palmer  CFO All-New Jeep Avenger BEVRESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONSQ3 2022Q3 2021Q3 2022vs.Q3 2021YTD 2022 YTD 2021Pro Forma(2) YTD 2022vs.YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) YTD 2021 Combined shipments (000 units) 1 334 1 176 +13% 4 367 4 450 (2)% 4 356 Consolidated shipments (000 units) 1 281 1 131 +13% 4 215 4 302 (2)% 4 210 Net revenues (€ billion) 42.1 32.6 +29% 130.1 107.9 +21% 105.2 FY 2022 GUIDANCE - CONFIRMEDAdjusted Operating Income Margin(3) Double-DigitIndustrial Free Cash Flows(4) Positive2022 INDUSTRY OUTLOOK (5)*North America -8%Enlarged Europe -12%Middle East & Africa StableSouth America StableIndia & Asia Pacific +5%China +5% (from Stable)*2022 Industry Outlook changed for China compared to outlook provided on July 28 '22____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Basis of preparation: All reported data is unaudited. “Q3 2022”  “Q3 2021”  “YTD 2022” and “YTD 2021” represent revenues as reportable under IFRS. YTD 2021 includes Legacy FCA from January 17  2021  following the closure of the Merger; “YTD 2021 Pro Forma” is presented as if the Merger had occurred January 1  2020 and include results of FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021. Refer to the section ""Notes"" for additional detail. Reference should be made to the section “Safe Harbor Statement” included elsewhere within this document.AMSTERDAM  November 3  2022 - As global sales of Stellantis’ battery electric vehicles (BEVs) increased 41% y-o-y to 68k units  and sales of low emission vehicles rose 21k units y-o-y to 112k vehicles in Q3 2022  the Company continued to execute its bold electrification plans and progress towards achieving its Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan goals.Offering best-in-class fully electrified vehicles: Jeep ® brand announced its plan to become the global leader in SUV electrification  bringing four all-electric SUVs to North America and Europe by 2025  supporting Stellantis' carbon net zero ambition. The announcement came just weeks after Dodge took a giant step forward on the performance brand’s road to an electrified future  revealing the Dodge Charger Daytona SRT  a concept that reimagines what a BEV can be.Executing on its plan to become the global leader in SUV electrification  the Jeep brand unveiled the all-new Jeep Avenger  the brand’s first-ever BEV  at the 2022 Paris Motor Show  with pre-booking for the 1st Edition beginning the same day.To meet the growing demand for electrified vehicles  Stellantis announced a new agreement with joint venture partner Punch Powertrain to increase production of the future-generation electrified dual-clutch transmissions (eDCT) for Stellantis hybrid and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles. The eDCTs  which will be built at Stellantis’ Mirafiori Complex in Turin  Italy  will complement the existing capacity in Metz  France.Investing in a Circular Economy: The Mirafiori Complex will also be home to Stellantis' first Circular Economy Hub  starting with three activities for the sustainable use of vehicles and parts: vehicle reconditioning  vehicle dismantling  and parts remanufacturing. The Hub will open in 2023.Building the roadmap for the future of mobility: Stellantis revealed that it has built one of the biggest and widest collaborative ecosystems in the world  with more than 160 co-funded projects and over 1 000 different partners worldwide. The projects align with Stellantis’ strategic technical domains  which include autonomous driving  connectivity  manufacturing  electrification technologies and advanced propulsion.Segments (all market share and ranking references are for Q3 2022): North America: Market share of 10.8%  down 20 bps y-o-y  with U.S. share down 70 bps to 11.1%. Enlarged Europe: EU30 market share of 19.2%  down 90 bps y-o-y. South America: Market leader with 22.6% share  down 150 bps y-o-y. Commercial Vehicles market leader in South America and EU30  with 30.8% and 29.2% share  respectively.Maserati: The all-new Grecale  which launched in June 2022  continues to attract a whole new audience. In 2023  one of the brand's icons returns: the all-new GranTurismo with Nettuno engine and the GranTurismo Folgore  the first BEV in the brand’s history. Maserati will follow up with the all-new Grecale Folgore in mid-2023 and the all-new GranCabrio  available in internal combustion engine and Folgore models.Upcoming Event: January 5: Ram Revolution electrification and technology event at CES 2023 in Las VegasOn November 3  2022 at 1:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EDT  a live audio webcast and conference call will be held to present Stellantis' Third Quarter 2022 Shipments and Revenues. The audio webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com . The presentation material is expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at approximately 8:00 a.m. CET / 3:00 a.m. EDT on November 3  2022.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.comContacts: communications@stellantis.com or investor.relations@stellantis.comSEGMENT PERFORMANCENORTH AMERICAQ3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 12%  primarily due to higher volumes of Dodge Durango  Jeep Compass and Cherokee  all-new Wagoneer and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Grand Cherokee volumes due to discontinuation of prior generation (WK) in Q1 2022Net revenues up 36%  primarily due to higher volumes  strong net pricing  favorable vehicle mix and positive FX translation effectsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 441 394 +47 1 400 1 267 Net revenues (€ million) 21 071 15 532 +5 539 63 514 47 979ENLARGED EUROPE Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 14%  mainly due to higher volumes of Fiat 500 and Panda  Peugeot 208 and 308 and Citroën C3  as well as increased demand for BEVs  particularly Fiat New 500 and Opel Mokka-eNet revenues up 16%  mainly due to increased volumes  positive net pricing and favorable vehicle mix  primarily driven by new models and increased BEVsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 538 470 +68 1 900 2 134 Net revenues (€ million) 13 486 11 622 +1 864 44 805 43 662MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Consolidated shipments up 6%  primarily due to increased volumes of Opel Mokka  Peugeot Rifter and Fiat Ducato  partially offset by lower volumes of Peugeot 3008  as well as Jeep Wrangler and Grand Cherokee due to logistics challengesNet revenues up 27%  primarily due to favorable net pricing  including pricing actions for Turkish lira devaluation  partially offset by negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish liraYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Combined shipments (000s) 87 73 +14 286 273 Consolidated shipments (000s) 52 49 +3 190 187 Net revenues (€ million) 1 324 1 045 +279 4 363 3 592SOUTH AMERICA Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 15%  with higher volumes of all-new Fiat Pulse  Jeep Commander and Citroën C3  as well as Fiat Strada  partially offset by reduced volumes of Fiat Toro and Jeep RenegadeNet revenues up 56%  mainly due to increased volumes  favorable net pricing and vehicle mix  as well as positive FX translation effects  primarily for Brazilian realYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 213 185 +28 616 609 Net revenues (€ million) 3 965 2 546 +1 419 11 198 7 482CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Consolidated shipments up 11%  due to recent launches of all-new Citroën C3 and Jeep Meridian  along with increased volumes of Peugeot 2008 and 3008 and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Compass and Renegade volumesNet revenues up 20%  mainly due to higher volumes  improved net pricing  favorable vehicle and market mix  as well as positive FX translation effectsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Combined shipments (000s) 48 48 — 148 150 Consolidated shipments (000s) 30 27 +3 92 88 Net revenues (€ million) 1 138 949 +189 3 290 2 832MASERATI Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 14%  primarily due to launch of all-new Grecale in late June ’22 and higher volumes of MC20  partially offset by reduced Levante and Ghibli volumes  particularly in China and India & Asia PacificNet revenues up 23%  primarily due to increased volumes  improved net pricing and favorable FX translation effects  partially offset by higher mix of all-new GrecaleYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 6.6 5.8 +0.8 16.8 16.6 Net revenues (€ million) 630 514 +116 1 571 1 399ReconciliationsNet revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net revenues from external customers to Pro Forma Net revenuesResults from continuing operations Q3 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 21 070 13 467 1 324 3 978 1 136 631 495 42 101 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 1 19 — (13) 2 (1) (8) — Net revenues 21 071 13 486 1 324 3 965 1 138 630 487 42 101___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations Q3 2021 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 15 532 11 600 1 045 2 541 944 514 375 32 551 Net revenues from transactions with other segments — 22 — 5 5 — (32) — Net revenues 15 532 11 622 1 045 2 546 949 514 343 32 551___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations YTD 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 63 512 44 742 4 363 11 211 3 286 1 574 1 412 130 100 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 63 — (13) 4 (3) (53) — Net revenues 63 514 44 805 4 363 11 198 3 290 1 571 1 359 130 100___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations YTD 2021Pro Forma (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers(A) 45 952 43 104 3 556 7 283 2 766 1 377 1 123 105 161 Add: FCA Net revenues from external customers  January 1 - 16  2021(B) 2 015 335 36 189 51 18 60 2 704 Add: Pro Forma adjustments(C) 3 (7) — — — — — (4) Pro Forma Net revenues from external customers  January 1 – September 30  2021 47 970 43 432 3 592 7 472 2 817 1 395 1 183 107 861 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 9 230 — 10 15 4 (268) — Pro Forma Net revenues(D) 47 979 43 662 3 592 7 482 2 832 1 399 915 107 861___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) PSA was identified as the accounting acquirer in the Merger  which was accounted for as a reverse acquisition  under IFRS 3 – Business Combinations  and  as such  it contributed to the results of the Company beginning January 1  2021. FCA was consolidated into Stellantis effective January 17  2021  the day after the Merger became effective(B) FCA consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - January 16  2021  excluding intercompany transactions(C) Reclassifications made to present FCA’s Net revenues January 1 - January 16  2021 consistently with that of PSA(D) Pro Forma Stellantis consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - September 30  2021NOTES(1) Combined shipments include shipments by the Company's consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated joint ventures  whereas Consolidated shipments only include shipments by the Company's consolidated subsidiaries.(2) Completed merger of Peugeot S.A. (“PSA”) with and into Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (“FCA”) on January 16  2021 (“Merger”). On January 17  2021  combined company was renamed Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or “Company”). PSA was determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes  therefore  the historical financial statements of Stellantis represent the continuing operations of PSA  which also reflect the loss of control and the classification of Faurecia S.E. (""Faurecia"") as a discontinued operation as of January 1  2021 with the restatement of comparative periods. Acquisition date of business combination was January 17  2021  therefore  results of FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021 are excluded from YTD 2021 results unless otherwise stated. YTD 2021 Pro Forma results are presented as if the Merger had occurred on January 1  2020 and include results of FCA for the period January 1 – 16  2021.(3) Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations adjustments comprising restructuring  impairments  asset write-offs  disposals of investments and unusual operating income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance  and also excludes Net financial expenses/(income)  Tax expense/(benefit) and Share of the profit/(loss) of equity method investees.Unusual operating income/(expense) are impacts from strategic decisions  as well as events considered rare or discrete and infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. Unusual operating income/(expense) includes  but may not be limited to: impacts from strategic decisions to rationalize Stellantis' core operations; facility-related costs stemming from Stellantis' plans to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand; and convergence and integration costs directly related to significant acquisitions or mergers.(4) Industrial free cash flows is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; cash flows from operating activities related to financial services  net of eliminations; investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities; contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments; and adjusted for: net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations; proceeds from disposal of assets and contributions to defined benefit pension plans  net of tax. The timing of Industrial free cash flows may be affected by the timing of monetization of receivables and the payment of accounts payables  as well as changes in other components of working capital  which can vary from period to period due to  among other things  cash management initiatives and other factors  some of which may be outside of the Company’s control.(5) Source: China State Information Center (SIC)  S&P Global  Ward's Automotive and Company estimates.Rankings  market share and other industry information is derived from third-party industry sources (e.g. Agence Nationale des Titres Sécurisés (ANTS)  Associação Nacional dos Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores (ANFAVEA)  Unione Nazionale Rappresentanti Veicoli Esteri (UNRAE)  Ward’s Automotive) and internal information.For purposes of this document  and unless otherwise stated  rankings  market share and other industry information are for passenger cars (PC) plus light commercial vehicles (LCV)  except as noted below:Middle East & Africa exclude Iran  Sudan and Syria;India & Asia Pacific reflects aggregate for major markets where Stellantis competes (Japan (PC)  India (PC)  South Korea (PC + Pickups)  Australia  New Zealand and South East Asia);China represents PC only; andMaserati reflects aggregate for 17 major markets where Maserati competes and is derived from S&P Global data  Maserati competitive segment and internal information.Prior period figures have been updated to reflect current information provided by third-party industry sources.Rankings  market share and other industry information relating to YTD 2021 includes FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021.Commercial Vehicles market share refers to light commercial vehicles.EU30 = EU 27 (excluding Malta)  Iceland  Norway  Switzerland and UK.Low emission vehicles (LEV) = battery electric (BEV)  plug-in hybrid (PHEV) and fuel cell electric (FCEV).All Stellantis reported BEV and LEV sales include Citroën Ami and Opel Rocks-e; in countries where these vehicles are classified as quadricycles they are excluded from Stellantis reported combined sales  industry sales and market share figures.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis document  in particular references to “FY 2022 Guidance”  contains forward looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future financial performance and the Company’s expectations as to the achievement of certain targeted metrics  including revenues  industrial free cash flows  vehicle shipments  capital investments  research and development costs and other expenses at any future date or for any future period are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on the Company’s current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the continued impact of unfilled semiconductor orders; the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger; the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; the Company’s ability to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; the Company’s ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the Company’s ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; the Company’s ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans; the Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the Company’s ability to access funding to execute its business plans; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles; the Company’s ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with the Company’s relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in the Company’s vehicles; the Company’s ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning the Company and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect the Company’s financial results  is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Net Revenues', 'Strong Growth', 'Full-Year Guidance', 'Stellantis', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan goals', ""Stellantis' carbon net zero ambition"", ""Stellantis' first Circular Economy Hub"", 'favorable FX translation effects', 'Operating Income Margin(3) Double-Digit', 'Industrial Free Cash Flows', 'Stellantis’ strategic technical domains', 'future-generation electrified dual-clutch transmissions', 'Dare Forward 2030 electrification roadmap', 'Dodge Charger Daytona SRT', 'Ram 1500 Revolution BEV Concept', 'Total new vehicle inventory', 'New Jeep Avenger BEV', 'Commercial Vehicles market leader', 'Q3 global BEV sales', 'semiconductor order fulfillment', 'Safe Harbor Statement', '2022 Paris Motor Show', 'joint venture partner', 'widest collaborative ecosystems', 'Jeep EV Days', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'bold electrification plans', 'Stellantis’ Mirafiori Complex', 'The Mirafiori Complex', 'strong net pricing', 'low emission vehicles', 'U.S. share', 'battery electric vehicles', 'EU30 market share', 'Q3 2022 Net Revenues', 'South America Stable', 'YTD 2021 Pro Forma', 'The Hub', 'new agreement', 'global sales', 'global leader', '4,210 Net revenues', 'electrified vehicles', 'vehicle reconditioning', 'vehicle dismantling', 'SUV electrification', 'electrification technologies', 'Jeep ® brand', 'Jeep brand', 'Company inventory', 'Strong Growth', 'strong demand', '112k vehicles', 'North America', 'Stellantis hybrid', 'Full-Year Guidance', 'higher volumes', 'Consolidated shipments', 'logistics challenges', 'enthusiastic response', 'fast pace', 'Las Vegas', 'worldwide debut', 'Richard Palmer', 'CONTINUING OPERATIONS', 'Combined shipments', 'FY 2022 GUIDANCE', 'INDUSTRY OUTLOOK', 'Middle East', 'Asia Pacific', 'additional detail', 'giant step', '1st Edition', 'same day', 'growing demand', 'Punch Powertrain', 'existing capacity', 'three activities', 'sustainable use', '1,000 different partners', 'autonomous driving', 'advanced propulsion', 'ranking references', 'electrified future', '1,281k units', '926k units', '275k units', '179k units', 'Enlarged Europe', '68k units', '21k units', 'performance brand', 'Legacy FCA', '22.6% share', '000 units', 'improvement', 'September', 'December', 'summer', 'January', 'CFO', 'RESULTS', 'Africa', 'India', 'China', 'July', 'Basis', 'preparation', 'data', 'IFRS', 'Merger', 'period', 'section', 'Notes', 'document', 'AMSTERDAM', 'BEVs', 'progress', 'class', 'four', 'announcement', 'production', 'eDCT', 'Turin', 'Italy', 'Metz', 'France', 'parts', 'mobility', 'biggest', 'projects', 'connectivity', 'Segments', '160']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12619,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547228/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'A Shares', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12620,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547227/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'A Shares', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12621,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547218/0/en/ING-announces-change-in-Supervisory-Board.html,ING announces change in Supervisory Board,ING announces change in Supervisory Board        ING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the......,ING announces change in Supervisory BoardING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the Supervisory Board at the next General Meeting of Shareholders  in 2023. Mariana Gheorghe was appointed a member of the Supervisory Board at the General Meeting in May 2015 and was reappointed for a second term of four years in 2019.Mariana Gheorghe is a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee  the Remuneration Committee  Risk Committee and the ESG Committee and will continue in her roles until her current term ends at the General Meeting in 2023. The process of selecting and nominating a candidate for appointment to the Supervisory Board at the 2023 General Meeting is underway.“We regret but understand Mariana’s decision. While we will properly thank her when she really leaves our Board next year  I already want to take the opportunity now to show our gratitude for her valuable contributions over the past seven years ” said Hans Wijers  chairman of the Supervisory Board of ING Group.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Raymond Vermeulen ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 6369 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees off er retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defi ned benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.06,0.69,True,English,"['Supervisory Board', 'change', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'Groep N.V.', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'past seven years', 'ESG index products', 'financial economic crimes', 'related response measures', 'major market participant', 'ESG material risk', 'wholesale banking services', 'next General Meeting', 'Group Investor Relations', 'Bank N.V.', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'general economic conditions', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial services', 'Risk Committee', 'ESG Committee', '2023 General Meeting', 'four years', 'Investor enquiries', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'Remuneration Committee', 'second term', 'current term', 'valuable contributions', 'Hans Wijers', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'er retail', 'Group shares', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'regulatory restrictions', 'Supervisory Board', 'Mariana Gheorghe', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'tax laws', 'reappointment', 'Shareholders', 'member', 'May', 'Nomination', 'roles', 'process', 'candidate', 'decision', 'opportunity', 'gratitude', 'chairman', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'step', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12622,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4552465-wall-street-breakfast-no-pivot-yet,Wall Street Breakfast: No Pivot Yet,Listen on the go! A daily podcast of Wall Street Breakfast will be available by 8:00 a.m. on Seeking Alpha  iTunes  Stitcher and Spotify.,"No pivot yetInvestors need some time off after a topsy-turvy year  but things may not be better at the local amusement park. Fed Chair Jay Powell took the market on another rollercoaster on Wednesday  with a series of loop-the-loops aboard a ride known as the Dove-Hawk Twister. When all was said and done  the Dow dropped 500 points  while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq slumped 2.5% and 3.6%  respectively  after initially soaring on the Fed's announcement (that came along with a 75 bps rate hike).Steep turns: ""With the lags between policy and economic activity  there's a lot of uncertainty  so that we note that in determining the pace of future increases will take into account the cumulative tightening of monetary policy  as well as the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation... that's why I've said at the last two press conferences that at some point it will become appropriate to slow the pace of increases. So that time is coming  and it may come as soon as the next meeting or the one after that.""""We may ultimately move to higher levels than we thought at the time of the September meeting. The incoming data since our last meeting suggests the ultimate level of interest rates will be higher than previously expected. The risks are asymmetric. If the Fed does too much  it can cut. If it doesn't tighten enough  then you’re in real trouble... It is very premature to be thinking about pausing... We think we have a ways to go.""Bottom line: Powell and Co. will be watching the data and evolving market conditions before making any significant pivot. The Non-Farm Payrolls report for October is out tomorrow  followed by the Consumer Price Index on Nov. 10  and Personal Consumption Expenditures on Dec. 1. The latter is the Fed's preferred measurement for inflation as it captures changes in consumer behavior and has a broader scope than the CPI. Global macro events will also be considered like Russia's war against Ukraine and the effects of China's zero-COVID policy. (78 comments)Radical reductionIn a bid to drive down costs  Elon Musk plans to eliminate 50% of Twitter (TWTR) workforce today  which would result in nearly 3 700 layoffs  according to Bloomberg. The platform's work-from-anywhere policy would also be rescinded  with most of the remaining employees required to report to the office. In one scenario being considered  laid-off workers will be offered 60 days' worth of severance pay as Musk looks to gut a business for which he says he overpaid (the transaction valued Twitter at $44B).Snapshot: A series of layoffs started as soon as Musk took over the social media company  including CEO Parag Agrawal  finance chief Ned Segal and senior legal staffers Vijaya Gadde and Sean Edgett. In the days that followed  other departures have included Chief Marketing Officer Leslie Berland  Chief Customer Officer Sarah Personette  and Jean-Philippe Maheu  vice president of global client solutions. After the layoffs were sorted  Twitter Chief Accounting Officer Robert Kaiden reportedly left the company  becoming one of the last pre-Musk C-suite executives to depart.In recent weeks  Musk has started hinting at his staffing priorities  saying he wants to focus on the core product. ""Software engineering  server operations & design will rule the roost ” he tweeted in early October. On the product side  the company will soon start charging $8-a-month for verification  which includes badges  and could go live as early as Monday. Reports suggest that users who already have a blue check will have a multi-month grace period before they will either need to pay for the badge or lose it.Not alone: In October  Meta Platforms (META) announced that it was eliminating 15% of its staff  or approximately 12 000 employees at Facebook  to slash its headcount as global headwinds and falling ad spends pose serious problems. In August  Snap (SNAP)  the maker of the ephemeral messaging app Snapchat  laid off 20% of its workforce. (26 comments)Grain dealRussia has agreed to return to a Turkish and U.N. brokered agreement that allowed the shipment of millions of tons of Ukrainian grain through the Black Sea. It had previously pulled out of the deal following an alleged Ukrainian drone attack in Crimea over the weekend. Moscow now says ""written assurances"" from Kyiv guarantee that it would not use the humanitarian maritime corridor for military purposes  so the shipments could continue unobstructed.Market movement: Wheat futures plunged in the U.S. and Europe on Wednesday  as well as other commodities. On the Chicago Board of Trade  wheat for December delivery (W_1:COM) settled down 6.3% to $8.46 per bushel  and December corn (C_1:COM) closed off 1.5% to $6.87 a bushel. The benchmark December contract on Euronext also settled 4.6% lower to €341.25/metric ton.There's been some debate over how much leverage Russia's Vladimir Putin really holds over the deal  with the grain shipments continuing on Monday and Tuesday (and a one day interruption on Wednesday). Some say that the parties involved could push ahead despite Moscow's objections  though others feel that it would be hard to ink shipping and insurance contracts to underwrite the voyages. Whatever the case may be  Putin will likely try to gain additional leverage ahead of the deal's original expiration date of Nov. 19  and before the upcoming G20 Summit in Bali.Stats: Over the past two months  more than 400 ships departing Ukraine exported 9.9M metric tons of corn  wheat  sunflower products  barley  rapeseed and soy under the Black Sea Grain Initiative. (14 comments)King CookWhat a difference one year can make. Apple (AAPL) closed out Wednesday's session with a market capitalization of $2.307T  making it more valuable than Alphabet (GOOG  GOOGL)  Amazon (AMZN) and Meta (META) combined (worth a total of $2.306T). The latter group even started 2022 worth $4.410T  compared to the valuation of the iPhone maker at $2.913T.Free cash flow: ""Take a look at last quarter. Apple FCF: $20 billion  Google FCF: $16 billion  Meta FCF: $0.3 billion  Amazon FCF: -$5 billion "" tweeted financial YouTuber Joseph Carlson  who first pointed out the comparison. ""Now of course one quarter doesn't paint the full picture. But Apple is posting massive FCF like clockwork. The others are not.""The four companies also reported earnings last week and only Apple's results were met with a positive market reaction. Macs selling at a record pace outweighed a slight miss on iPhone sales  while the Tim Cook-led firm beat estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Weak growth  some misses and downbeat forecasts weighed on the other tech giants  while many are worried about Meta's experimental pivot to a digital avatar-filled universe given its lack of regard to spending as the business burns billions.Commentary: ""Perhaps it's investor expectations  demanding perfection across complicated conglomerates "" wrote Mark Shmulik  senior internet analyst at Bernstein  following the quarterly figures last week. ""Or maybe Internet mega-caps are a lot less agile than we thought and [are] either unable or unwilling to adapt to a changing operating environment. What if it's just structural and Internet incumbents need to spend an ever-increasing amount of capital in their mature years to keep competitors at bay? All the above."" (36 comments)",neutral,0.01,0.87,0.12,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Wall Street Breakfast', 'Pivot', 'Twitter Chief Accounting Officer Robert Kaiden', 'Chief Marketing Officer Leslie Berland', 'finance chief Ned Segal', 'U.N. brokered agreement', 'last two press conferences', 'Fed Chair Jay Powell', 'Chief Customer Officer', 'local amusement park', '75 bps rate hike', 'Non-Farm Payrolls report', 'Personal Consumption Expenditures', 'CEO Parag Agrawal', 'senior legal staffers', 'multi-month grace period', 'falling ad spends', 'ephemeral messaging app', 'humanitarian maritime corridor', 'Global macro events', 'global client solutions', 'Consumer Price Index', 'Ukrainian drone attack', 'one day interruption', 'benchmark December contract', 'social media company', 'Musk C-suite executives', 'U.S.', 'global headwinds', 'consumer behavior', 'one scenario', 'Ukrainian grain', 'last meeting', 'December delivery', 'December corn', 'topsy-turvy year', 'Dove-Hawk Twister', 'S&P 500', 'economic activity', 'next meeting', 'higher levels', 'September meeting', 'ultimate level', 'interest rates', 'real trouble', 'Bottom line', 'preferred measurement', 'broader scope', 'Radical reduction', 'severance pay', 'Vijaya Gadde', 'Sean Edgett', 'other departures', 'Sarah Personette', 'Jean-Philippe Maheu', 'vice president', 'recent weeks', 'staffing priorities', 'core product', 'Software engineering', 'server operations', 'product side', 'blue check', 'serious problems', 'Black Sea', 'written assurances', 'military purposes', 'other commodities', 'Chicago Board', '5/metric ton', 'Vladimir Putin', 'market conditions', 'Market movement', 'monetary policy', 'zero-COVID policy', 'Elon Musk', 'future increases', 'incoming data', 'significant pivot', 'TWTR) workforce', 'remaining employees', ""60 days' worth"", 'Meta Platforms', 'Wheat futures', 'grain shipments', 'early October', 'Grain deal', '12,000 employees', 'Investors', 'things', 'rollercoaster', 'Wednesday', 'series', 'loop', 'ride', 'Dow', 'Nasdaq', 'announcement', 'Steep', 'lags', 'lot', 'uncertainty', 'pace', 'cumulative', 'tightening', 'inflation', 'point', 'risks', 'ways', 'Co.', 'Nov.', 'Dec.', 'changes', 'CPI', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'effects', 'China', '78 comments', 'bid', 'costs', '3,700 layoffs', 'Bloomberg', 'business', 'transaction', 'Snapshot', 'design', 'roost', 'verification', 'badges', 'Monday', 'Reports', 'users', 'Facebook', 'headcount', 'August', 'maker', 'Snapchat', '26 comments', 'Turkish', 'millions', 'tons', 'alleged', 'Crimea', 'weekend', 'Moscow', 'Kyiv', 'Europe', 'Trade', 'bushel', 'Euronext', 'debate', 'leverage', 'Tuesday', 'parties']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,seekingalpha.com
12623,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547217/0/en/ING-announces-share-buyback-programme-of-up-to-1-5-billion.html,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion  ING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to...,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billionING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €1.5 billion.The purpose of the share buyback programme is to reduce the share capital of ING. It is a next step in converging our CET1 ratio towards our target of around 12.5% by 2025  as announced during our Investor Update in June 2022.ING Group’s CET1 ratio was 14.7% at the end of the third quarter of 2022 which is well above the prevailing CET1 ratio requirement of 10.52%. The buyback programme will have an expected pro-forma impact of roughly 44 bps on our CET1 ratio.The share buyback programme will commence on 3 November 2022 and is expected to end no later than 30 December 2022. Any remaining amount of the programme after the end date will be paid out in cash to shareholders on 16 January 2023.The ECB has approved the programme  which will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority to acquire a maximum of 10% of the issued shares as granted by the general meeting of shareholders on 25 April 2022. ING has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct the buyback.ING will provide weekly updates on the progress of the programme via a press release and on the Investor Relations section of the ING website: https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'prevailing CET1 ratio requirement', 'currency exchange rates', 'Groep N.V.', 'strong European base', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations section', 'Frequent news updates', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'global economic impact', 'major market participant', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial economic crimes', 'wholesale banking services', 'related response measures', 'maximum total amount', 'Group Investor Relations', 'share buyback programme', 'other forward-looking statements', 'general economic conditions', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'market disruption', 'Investor Update', 'pro-forma impact', 'remaining amount', 'general meeting', 'weekly updates', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'financial intermediary', 'financial markets', 'next step', 'third quarter', 'The ECB', 'existing authority', 'discretionary arrangement', 'press release', 'Press enquiries', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authoriti', 'ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'end date', 'tax laws', 'start', 'purpose', 'target', 'June', '44 bps', '3 November', '30 December', 'cash', 'shareholders', '16 January', 'compliance', 'limitations', '25 April', 'progress', 'website', 'Investor-relations', 'Share-information', 'buyback-programme', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'Vermeulen', 'PROFILE', 'people', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', '10.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12624,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547214/0/en/VEON-publishes-Q3-2022-trading-update.html,VEON publishes Q3 2022 trading update,Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategy  Amsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON ......,"Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategyAmsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces a trading update for the third quarter and nine months ended 30 September 2022  including selected financial and operating results:In 3Q22  VEON recorded USD 2 077 million in total revenues  representing +3.6% YoY growth in reported currency (+3.4% YoY in local currency). Service revenues saw a +7.9% YoY increase in reported currency (+7.8% YoY in local currency) and reached USD 1 968 million. EBITDA of USD 889 million was flat YoY both in reported currency (0.0% YoY) and local currency (+0.7% YoY). Capex of USD 404 million was 6.0% higher than in 3Q21  whilst capex intensity was 3.6 p.p. lower than last year (21.6%). Total cash and cash equivalents were USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion held at the HQ level.Commenting on the results  Kaan Terzioğlu said:“In the third quarter we demonstrated once again the resilience of VEON Group  as our focus on 4G penetration and the digital operator strategy continued to deliver growth despite unprecedented macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges. This quarter  4G users saw a 15.1% year-over-year increase  reaching 52.7% of our customer base  moving closer to our target of 70% 4G penetration. Growth in subscribers  higher 4G penetration and an expanded portfolio of digital services are driving solid revenue performance across our countries  while inflationary pricing and good cost management have enabled us to withstand tough headwinds  such as rising energy costs  changing tax regimes  natural disasters in Pakistan and the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine.We continue to focus on our core priorities of protecting our people and delivering the essential humanitarian services of communication and connectivity. In line with our commitment to ensuring the long-term stability of the business  we have also further strengthened our liquidity position  with USD 3.3 billion in cash at the end of 3Q22  of which USD 2.6 billion was held at HQ level.“3Q 2022 highlights:Revenue of USD 2 077 million  +3.6% YoY (+3.4% YoY in local currency)Service revenue of 1 968 million  +7.9% YoY (+7.8% YoY in local currency)EBITDA of USD 889 million  0.0% YoY (+0.7% YoY in local currency)Capex of USD 404 million  capex intensity -3.6p.p. YoYNet debt / EBITDA of 2.41x versus 2.51x in 3Q21Total cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion at Headquarters203 million mobile subscribers  up 0.8% YoY107 million 4G users  up 15.1% YoY  with 52.7% penetration of customer baseFor 3Q22  VEON reported revenue growth in both reported and local currency  as well as stronger liquidity  with Group cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion as of 30 September 2022.Group revenues increased by 3.6% YoY in reported currency terms (+3.4% in local currency). Growth in service revenues  up 7.9% in reported currency terms (+7.8% in local currency)  was a key driver of the Group’s strong revenue performance. Non telecom related revenues in Russia continued to decline and constituted 7.9% of total Group reported revenue in 3Q22 versus 10.4% in 3Q21.In 3Q22  Group EBITDA was flat YoY in reported currency terms (+0.7% in local currency)  with Group EBITDA margin of 42.8% (-1.5 p.p. YoY). To protect the profitability margins of the business  we remain focused on implementing planned cost-efficiency measures across the Group and on implementing inflationary pricing.Group EBITDA YoY performance was impacted by a number of extraordinary non-recurring items in 3Q22 and in 3Q21  as noted in the Country Performance section. Excluding these one-off items  Group EBITDA increased 1.9% YoY in local currency.In 3Q22  we reported growth of 0.8% YoY in our subscriber base. The Group continued to focus on the overall customer experience in our 4G networks.This supported the 15.1% YoY increase in our 4G users  which reached 107.1 million  with 14.1 million users added over the previous 12 months. 4G subscribers now account for 52.7% of our total subscriber base  up 6.5 p.p. from a year ago.On the back of our growing 4G penetration  we have been able to expand our digital operator offerings across our operations. This has driven the growth of our multiplay customer base (+24.5% YoY)  which reached 33.4 million during 3Q22. Multiplay customer ARPU is 4.3 times higher and churn is 2.4 times lower than single play voice-only customers.Our financial services business in Pakistan  JazzCash  ended the quarter with 16.7 million MAUs  an increase of 20.0% YoY. In Bangladesh  our streaming business  Toffee  achieved the 7.0 million MAUs milestone (+11.0% YoY) with 3.3 million average daily users (+55.1% YoY) in 3Q22.Group capex was USD 404 million  driven in particular by increased network investment in Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Bangladesh and Uzbekistan  in line with our growth strategy. At 21.6%  capex intensity continues to decrease (-3.6 p.p. YoY).We closed the quarter with total cash of USD 3.3 billion  including USD 2.6 billion at the HQ level. Our operations are largely self-funding and do not require financing from the HQ to fund their operations  including capex.In Ukraine  the team continued to keep the country connected  with around 90% of our radio network operational at quarter end. However  recent damage to Ukrainian power infrastructure has had an impact on network availability. Kyivstar’s revenues were up 5.2% in local currency (-18.8% YoY in reported currency) as the weakness in the Ukrainian hryvnia negatively impacted reported growth rates. Kyivstar’s 4G customer base grew 4.7% YoY  and our customers consumed more data  with usage rising 29.7% YoY. EBITDA was down 10.7% YoY in local currency (-31.1% in reported currency) in 3Q22. EBITDA performance was impacted by the change in revenue mix impacting margins  operational cost pressures  indexation of frequency fees  and by charitable donations and the staff care program  as Kyivstar continues to support its employees and the community.Russia reported a 3Q22 revenue decrease of 6.1% YoY in local currency (+16.1% YoY in reported currency). Revenue was impacted by a 58.5% decline in equipment revenue due to lower device sales  while the YoY strength of the Russian ruble supported the growth in reported financial performance. 3Q22 mobile service revenue was up 2.1% YoY in local currency  as the continued growth in the 4G customer base drove mobile data revenue higher by 7.5% YoY in local currency. In Russia  EBITDA increased 7.3% in local currency (+32.7% YoY in reported currency). This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of EBITDA YoY growth in local currency.Pakistan revenues increased 12.0% YoY in local currency (-17.1% YoY in reported currency)  driven by strong growth in data revenue  despite the negative impact of the increase in withholding tax from 10% to 15% on 16 January 2022 and the further reduction in mobile termination rates in 2H22. The Jazz team continued to deliver balanced growth in subscriber base (+5.0% YoY) and ARPU (+4.3% YoY) in 3Q22. The weakness in the Pakistani rupee negatively impacted financial performance in reported currency. EBITDA in Pakistan declined 6.8% in local currency (-30.8%YoY in reported currency).In Kazakhstan  revenues increased 23.1% YoY in local currency (+10.3% in reported currency)  another quarter of strong growth supported by further expansion of our mobile customer base (+7.3% YoY)  higher data usage (+18.8% YoY) and inflationary pricing of tariffs. This was the sixth consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue YoY growth in excess of 20%  while Beeline reached 69% 4G penetration in the customer base (+7.0 p.p. YoY). EBITDA increased 9.2% in local currency terms (-2.2% in reported currency).In Bangladesh  Banglalink’s revenues increased 11.6% YoY in local currency (-1.4% YoY in reported currency). This was the second quarter of double-digit local currency revenue growth. Banglalink’s execution of its digital operator strategy  4G focus and nation-wide expansion continues to deliver results  increasing the number of data and  in particular  4G users  driving growth in data consumption. Banglalink demonstrated balanced expansion of its subscriber base (+6.4% YoY) and ARPU (+5.4% YoY) in 3Q22. EBITDA decreased 2.1% in local currency (-13.4% in reported currency).In Uzbekistan  revenues increased 22.4% YoY in local currency (+19.2% in reported currency)  a fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit local-currency revenue growth and a third consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue growth above 20%. This was driven by a 35% YoY expansion in the 4G subscriber base  and a solid increase in data revenues  which were 40.0% higher YoY. EBITDA in Uzbekistan increased 7.9% in local currency (+5.0% in reported currency).Key recent developments:VEON Ltd. announces it is conducting a sales process for its Russian operations . On 2 November 2022  VEON announced that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations  while exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia.On 2 November 2022  VEON announced that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations  while exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia. VEON appoints Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer . On 17 October 2022  VEON announced the appointment of Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Galvani is responsible for VEON’s corporate affairs strategy and public profile  working across all aspects of government relations and communications  as well as leading VEON’s environmental  social and governance initiatives. He reports to VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu and joined the Group Executive Committee.On 17 October 2022  VEON announced the appointment of Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Galvani is responsible for VEON’s corporate affairs strategy and public profile  working across all aspects of government relations and communications  as well as leading VEON’s environmental  social and governance initiatives. He reports to VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu and joined the Group Executive Committee. Invitation to holders of 2023 Notes to contact VEON Ltd. On 14 October 2022  VEON announced that it would like to identify beneficial holders of interests in the 5.950% USD-denominated notes due February 2023 and the 7.250% USD-denominated notes due April 2023 of VEON’s subsidiary VEON Holdings B.V. (collectively the “2023 Notes”) with a view to commencing discussions with such holders. Holders of the 2023 Notes were therefore invited to contact VEON Ltd. at their earliest convenience.VEON Ltd. is unable to engage with any holders of 2023 Notes who are designated or otherwise subject to asset freezes or equivalent blocking restrictions under EU  UK  US or other applicable sanctions regimes. Accordingly  such holders should not contact VEON Ltd.NASDAQ grants VEON extension until 3 April 2023 to comply with minimum share price requirement . On 5 October 2022  VEON announced that the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") had granted VEON an additional 180 calendar day grace period to comply with the minimum share price requirement.On 5 October 2022  VEON announced that the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") had granted VEON an additional 180 calendar day grace period to comply with the minimum share price requirement. VEON Group CEO share award . On 23 September 2022  VEON announced a share award to Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu. The award of 5 231 771 shares were issued with a grant date of 1 October 2022. The first 1 569 531 shares vested on the grant date of 1 October 2022 and the balance of 3 662 240 shares will vest on 1 September 2023.On 23 September 2022  VEON announced a share award to Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu. The award of 5 231 771 shares were issued with a grant date of 1 October 2022. The first 1 569 531 shares vested on the grant date of 1 October 2022 and the balance of 3 662 240 shares will vest on 1 September 2023. Kyivstar invests in Helsi  sets out to provide digital health services for Ukraine . On 16 August 2022  VEON announced that its subsidiary in Ukraine  Kyivstar  plans to launch a national digital health service that will be available to all Ukrainians as part of the country’s Digital Ukraine strategy. Kyivstar invested in Helsi Ukraine  the country’s largest medical information system and leading digital healthcare providers.On 16 August 2022  VEON announced that its subsidiary in Ukraine  Kyivstar  plans to launch a national digital health service that will be available to all Ukrainians as part of the country’s Digital Ukraine strategy. Kyivstar invested in Helsi Ukraine  the country’s largest medical information system and leading digital healthcare providers. VEON completes the sale of Djezzy  receiving USD 682 million. On 5 August 2022  VEON announced that it had received approximately USD 682 million following the completion of the sale of its stake in Djezzy Algeria. This transaction follows VEON’s previously announced strategy to streamline its portfolio.Additional informationView the full 3Q22 trading updateView 3Q22 trading update presentationAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven high-growth markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Notice to reader: impact of conflictThe ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  counter-sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have impacted and  if the conflict  sanctions and such responses continue or escalate  may significantly impact our results and aspects of our operations in Russia and Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and aspects of our operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union. We hope that there will be a peaceful and amicable resolution and are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.The broad nature of the financial sanctions targeted at the Russian financial system  including several banks that have historically provided funding to the Company  the comprehensive sanctions on investment and vendors in Russia and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have a material impact on the Company’s operations and business plans in Russia and Ukraine. Over the next few months  we will be undertaking our annual assessment as required by IFRS to determine the potential need for further impairment charges  which is not as of yet determinable due to a number of factors  including the fluidity of the current situation and our ability to obtain relevant data required to build a business plan given the ongoing conflict and associated uncertainties. We may report significant impairment charges with respect to assets in Ukraine  Russia and/or other operating companies for the nine-months ended 30 September 2022. However  we are still gathering the necessary data and we are not able at this time to estimate the amount or range of this potential impairment charge to the income statement. Such an impairment charge  if any  would have no impact on the Company’s cash flow. It is possible further impairment charges may rise to such a level on an accounting basis as to require additional analysis of true asset values in order to determine the true value of assets to be compared to liabilities as outlined in the provisions of our debt agreements.DisclaimerVEON’s results presented in this trading update are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this trading update is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Certain amounts and percentages that appear in this trading update have been subject to rounding adjustments. As a result  certain numerical figures shown as totals  including those in the tables  may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede or follow them. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the current period or any future period.This trading update contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may ” “might ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “should ” “expect ” “plan ” “anticipate ” “intend ” “seek ” “believe ” “estimate ” “predict ” “potential ” “continue ” “contemplate ” “possible” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON’s ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its current and future operations and financial condition; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON’s ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON’s ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; VEON’s intent to proceed with and conclude a sales process with respect to its Russian operations; and VEON’s ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this trading update are based on management’s best assessment of VEON’s strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Russian and/or Ukrainian operations; further unanticipated developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic  such as the effect on consumer spending  that has negatively affected VEON’s operations and financial condition in the past; demand for and market acceptance of VEON’s products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON’s markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON’s markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties’ control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON’s services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on 29 April 2022 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.There can be no assurance that the sales process mentioned above will result in an acceptable offer or  even if an acceptable offer is obtained and results in an acquisition agreement being reached  that the requisite approvals will be received.As of today  VEON has not committed to anything with regards to its Russian operations  nor can it be certain that any of the options that may be considered will be completed  or the terms of any such option or potential sale would receive required Board  regulatory and any necessary creditor approvals.Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.22,0.25,True,English,"['Q3 2022 trading update', 'VEON', 'single play voice-only customers', 'Non telecom related revenues', '3.3 million average daily users', 'Country Performance section', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'good cost management', 'rising energy costs', 'Group EBITDA YoY performance', 'global digital operator', 'digital operator offerings', 'extraordinary non-recurring items', 'digital operator strategy', 'overall customer experience', 'Strong revenue performance', 'solid revenue performance', '7.0 million MAUs milestone', 'essential humanitarian services', '203 million mobile subscribers', '107 million 4G users', 'higher 4G penetration', 'growing 4G penetration', 'multiplay customer base', 'total subscriber base', 'Group EBITDA margin', 'financial services business', '14.1 million users', '16.7 million MAUs', 'digital services', 'total revenues', '70% 4G penetration', 'online services', 'humanitarian crisis', 'one-off items', 'Group revenues', 'Service revenues', '4G networks', '4G subscribers', 'total Group', 'The Group', 'Total cash', 'growth strategy', 'market share', 'trading update', 'nine months', 'last year', 'HQ level', 'unprecedented macroeconomic', 'geopolitical challenges', 'expanded portfolio', 'inflationary pricing', 'tough headwinds', 'tax regimes', 'natural disasters', 'core priorities', 'long-term stability', 'liquidity position', '3Q 2022 highlights', 'Net debt', 'stronger liquidity', 'key driver', 'profitability margins', 'cost-efficiency measures', 'previous 12 months', 'network investment', 'Group cash', 'cash equivalents', 'local currency', 'currency terms', 'year increase', 'streaming business', 'Group capex', 'third quarter', 'capex intensity', 'revenue growth', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'converged connectivity', 'operating results', '+7.9% YoY increase', 'VEON Group', '15.1% YoY increase', 'VEON Ltd', '+3.6% YoY growth', '52.7% penetration', '0.8% YoY', 'countries', 'NASDAQ', '3Q22', '3Q21', 'USD', 'resilience', 'focus', 'target', 'Pakistan', 'Ukraine', 'people', 'communication', 'commitment', 'end', 'Headquarters', '30 September', 'Russia', 'number', 'back', 'operations', 'ARPU', 'JazzCash', 'Bangladesh', 'Toffee', 'Kazakhstan']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12625,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548369/0/en/DBV-Technologies-Reports-Third-Quarter-Financial-Results-and-Business-Update.html,DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update,Montrouge  France  November 3  2022  DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update  DBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of......,"English FrenchMontrouge  France  November 3  2022DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business UpdateDBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of $213MDBV continues to practice budget discipline measures; cash used in operating activities decreased more than 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021  and 2022DBV continues to engage with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding the partial clinical hold on the VITESSE Phase 3 clinical studyDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022. The quarterly financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on November 3  2022. The Company also announced recent business updates concerning the VITESSE ( V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial to E valuate S afety  S implicity and E fficacy) Phase 3 study.DBV continues to engage with the FDA to address the feedback provided in the partial clinical hold letter and to finalize the VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol in children ages 4 to 7 years with a confirmed peanut allergy. The Company reports that progress has been made to address key elements of the partial clinical hold letter  but it will not meet the targeted first patient screened by year-end 2022. In parallel  DBV continues internal preparations for VITESSE and is conducting certain site assessment and start-up activities for prompt study launch once the partial clinical hold is lifted.It is currently premature to assess the impact of the partial clinical hold letter on other previously announced milestones related to the VITESSE Phase 3 study. DBV will communicate additional updates publicly as appropriate  including once the partial clinical hold has been lifted. The Company plans to host a conference call following that announcement.VITESSE is a Phase 3  double-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized study to assess the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy with the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 to 7 years.Financial Highlights for the Third Quarter and the Nine Months Ended September 30  20221Cash and Cash EquivalentsNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 135 369 $ (98 157) Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195Cash and cash equivalents were $212.7 million  as of September 30  2022  compared to $77.3 million as of December 31  2021  and $98.2 million as of September 30  2021. The net increase of $135.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  was mostly comprised of a $194.7 million net cash flow received from the ATM Offering in May 2022 for $14.1 million; net of transaction costs and PIPE Offering in June 2022 for $180.6 million; net of transaction costs as well as a $26.4 million cash flow received following the reimbursement of the 2019  2020 and 2021 Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) offset by a $(58.2) million cash utilization in operating activities; and the effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents for $(27.2) million.Excluding the effect of reimbursement of the Research Tax Credit  the cash used in operating activities decreased by 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021 and September 30  2022  respectively  reflecting the Company’s continued implementation of budget discipline measures.Operating Income is primarily generated from DBV’s Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) and from revenue recognized by DBV under its collaboration agreement with Nestlé Health Science. Operating income was $6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. The variation in operating income is primarily attributable to the revision of the revenue recognized under Nestlé’s collaboration agreement conducted as part of the existing contract  as the Company updated the measurement of progress of its Phase 2 APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study.Operating ExpensesU.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  ($ in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development $ (15 096) $ (16 320) $ (45 930) $ (58 663) Sales and marketing (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total operating expenses $ (20 094) $ (25 691) $ (64 762) $ (87 912)Operating Expenses for the three months ended September 30  2022  were $(20.1) million  compared to $(25.7) million for the three months ended September 30  2021  or -22%. For the nine months ended September 30  2022  operating expenses were $(64.8) million compared to $(87.9) million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  or -26%. DBV has continued to practice financial diligence and implemented further cost containment strategies to support its clinical trial objectives.Employee-related costs decreased by $6.1 million  from $23.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  to $17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 – a 26% decrease  compared to a 24% decrease of the average number of headcounts between the two periods (85 and 105 full-time equivalent employees for the nine months ended September 30  2022  and 2021  respectively). As of September 30  2022  DBV had 83 employees.Net Loss and Net Loss Per ShareU.S. GAAPThree months endedSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Net (loss) ($ in thousands) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic / diluted net loss per share ($/share) $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  net loss was $(17.3) million and $(57.0) million  respectively  compared to a net loss of $(24.0) million and $(84.1) million  respectively  for the comparable periods in 2021. On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) was $(0.18) and $(0.79) for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  respectively.Conference Call InformationDBV will host a conference call and live audio webcast on Thursday  November 3  2022  at 5:00 p.m. ET to report third quarter 2022 financial results and provide a business update.This call is accessible via the below teleconferencing numbers  followed by the reference ID: 94309191#United States: 866 374 5140Canada: 866 455 3403United Kingdom: 808 238 9813France: 805 102 712A live webcast of the call will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://www.dbv-technologies.com/investor-relations/. A replay of the presentation will also be available on DBV’s website after the event.CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION2 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPDecember 31  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Assets $ 248 117 $ 146 723 of which cash and cash equivalents 212 670 77 301 Liabilities 36 065 47 449 Shareholders’ equity $ 212 052 $ 99 274 of which net result (57 033) (97 809)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS1 (unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)U.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue $ 2 074 $ 1 323 $ 6 148 $ 2 776 Operating expenses : Research and development expenses (15 096) (16 320) (45 930) (58 663) Sales and marketing expenses (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative expenses (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total Operating expenses (20 094) (25 691) (64 762) (87 912) Financial income 732 336 1 668 597 Income tax - - (87) 404 Net (loss) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic/diluted Net loss per share attributable to shareholders $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW3 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in (provided by) investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 162 556 $ (89 514) Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 77 301 196 352 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s forecast of its cash runway  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  and the outcome of any litigation. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the SEC on March 9  2022  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.1 The Company’s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30  2022  are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").2 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").3 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Third Quarter Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'Business Update', 'V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial', 'French Crédit Impôt Recherche', 'Phase 2 APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study', 'Phase 3, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch', 'partial clinical hold letter', 'VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol', 'VITESSE Phase 3 clinical study', 'Third Quarter Financial Results', '$194.7 million net cash flow', 'budget discipline measures', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'U.S. Food', 'quarterly financial statements', 'U.S. GAAP', '$26.4 million cash flow', 'exchange rate changes', '2021 Research Tax Credit', '$(58.2) million cash utilization', 'recent business updates', 'Nestlé Health Science', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Net cash flows', 'Total operating expenses', 'English French', 'peanut allergy', 'prompt study', 'S afety', 'Financial Highlights', 'additional updates', 'exchange rates', 'operating activities', 'Operating Income', 'cash balance', 'Drug Administration', 'E fficacy', 'key elements', 'first patient', 'internal preparations', 'site assessment', 'start-up activities', 'conference call', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Cash Equivalents', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'ATM Offering', 'transaction costs', 'PIPE Offering', 'continued implementation', 'collaboration agreement', 'existing contract', 'nine months', 'three months', 'net increase', 'peanut-allergic children', '4 to 7 years', 'The Company', 'DBV Technologies', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'Q3', 'FDA', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Board', 'Directors', 'November', 'feedback', 'ages', 'progress', 'year-end', 'parallel', 'impact', 'milestones', 'announcement', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'thousands', 'decrease', 'period', 'September', 'December', 'May', 'June', 'reimbursement', 'CIR', 'effect', 'revenue', 'variation', 'revision', 'measurement', 'development', 'Sales', 'marketing', 'General', 'administrative', '2019']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12651,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-ltd-eur-170000075.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Story continuesShareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'EUR', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'BG Fund Plc', 'collective investment scheme', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'custodian bank', 'The Company', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'BOUSSARD', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'Story', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12652,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-ltd-gbp-170000830.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (GBP): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Story continuesShareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'GBP', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'BG Fund Plc', 'collective investment scheme', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'custodian bank', 'The Company', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'Story', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12653,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-skistar-093000151.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of SkiStar AB,SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 10  2022 at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen...,"SkiStar ABSkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 10  2022 at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.Right to participate and registrationShareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  2 December 2022 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no later than on Tuesday  6 December 2022. Registration of participation in the AGM can be submittedat the company’s webpage www.skistar.com/en/corporate by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference “SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting”)in writing to SkiStar AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  orby telephone: +46 (0)8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday  9 am-4 pm CET).The shareholder’s name and personal identity number/corporate identity number must be provided when registering. In addition  the shareholders are kindly requested to provide contact details and number of shares held when registering. The company must be provided with information regarding assistants  if any  at the time of registration.In addition to attending the AGM in person or by proxy  the shareholders will also be given the opportunity to exercise their voting rights through advance voting (see below under the heading advance voting (postal voting)).Nominee RegistrationShareholders who have their shares registered with an authorised nominee must  to have the right to participate in the AGM  temporarily re-register their shares in their own names. Shareholders who wish such re-registration  so-called registration of voting rights  must request it from its authorised nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  6 December 2022  will be considered when presenting the share register. This implies that the shareholders must inform the nominees of such re-registration in good time prior to this date. Such re-registration may be temporary.Story continuesAdvance voting (postal voting)Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Shareholders can also cast their postal vote by e-mail or post by submitting a specific advance voting form. The form  instructions and contact information for advance voting are available on the company's website: www.skistar.com/en/corporate and can also be obtained by contacting the company/Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information as above. The advance voting form is valid as a notification to attend the meeting. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 6 December 2022. The advance voting form  with any attached authorisation document  are to be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by mail to SkiStar AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a verified copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authority document for the legal entity shall be attached to the advance voting form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the advance voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the advance vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Note that shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM through advance voting shall  just as with personal participation  be entered in the share register as per Friday  2 December  2022 (and shares registered with an authorised nominee must be re-registered in the shareholder’s own name).Proxy and Proxy formShareholders who do not intend to be present in person at the AGM may – in addition to the above alternative of advanced voting – be represented by a proxy with a written  dated and duly signed power of attorney for the proxy. Such power of attorney is considered to apply for a period of one year after being issued  or longer if clearly stated on the document  up to a maximum of five years. The power of attorney should be sent to the company at the above address in good time prior to the AGM. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the legal entity’s certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The company provides the shareholders with a proxy form  if requested. The proxy form can be found at the company’s webpage and can be ordered from the company (see contact details above under the heading Right to participate and registration).Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices of attendance at the AGM and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the AGM and  where appropriate  the minutes of the AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of proposed agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes Confirmation that the meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the submitted annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report for the consolidated accounts Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO with regard to the financial year 2021/22 Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGM Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of Directors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any Resolution regarding the fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22 Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on authorization providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own shares Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar should introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years old Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsThe nomination committee of SkiStar AB (publ) consists of Per Gullstrand  appointed by Mats and Fredrik Paulsson including family and company  Anders Moberg  appointed by ACapital SS Holding AB  Niklas Johansson  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder and Lennart Mauritzson  appointed by Erik Paulsson including family and company. The nomination committee has appointed Per Gullstrand as its chairman. The nomination committee proposes the following.2. Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe nomination committee proposes the AGM to elect the chairman of the board of directors  Anders Sundström  chairman of the AGM.12. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGMThe nomination committee proposes that the number of members of the board of directors shall be seven  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.13. Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes that total fees for the board of directors  including committee fees  shall amount to SEK 2 810 000 (2 410 000) in total. The fees shall be distributed as follows; SEK 650 000 (550 000) to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 300 000 (250 000) to each of the other members of the board of directors that are not employed by the company. Fees to the members of the audit committee shall to amount to SEK 240 000 (240 000) in total  of which SEK 120 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members of the audit committee. Fees to the members of the remuneration committee shall amount to SEK 120 000 (120 000) in total  of which SEK 60 000 (60 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 30 000 (30 000) to each of the other two members of the remuneration committee.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström  Lena Apler  Sara Karlsson  Fredrik Paulsson  Gunilla Rudebjer  Anders Svensson and Vegard Søraunet to be re-elected members of the board of directors. All for the period until the end of the next AGM.Information about the persons proposed for re-election etc.Information about the persons proposed for re-election and the nomination committee's motivated statement is available on the company's website  www.skistar.com/en/corporate.15. Election of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström be re-elected chairman of the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next AGM.16. Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if anyThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the company shall appoint one registered auditing firm as auditor  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.17. Resolution regarding the fees for the auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that fees to the auditor shall be paid on an on-account basis.18. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as the company’s auditor for a period of one year. Deloitte has informed the nomination committee that  should the nomination committee’s proposal also be the decision of the AGM  the authorised public accountant  Kent Åkerlund  is to keep the position of auditor-in-charge. Neither the nomination committee's proposal nor the Audit Committee's recommendation has been subject to influence from third parties or has been forced by any contractual terms that restrict the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.The Board of Director’s proposals10. Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that dividends of SEK 3.00 per share  totalling SEK 235 128 168  be distributed. The remaining disposable earnings of SEK 549 286 269 shall be balanced in a new account. The record date for the right to receive dividend shall be Tuesday  13 December 2022. If the AGM resolves in favour of the proposal  the planned date of payment of dividend via Euroclear Sweden is Friday  16 December 2022.19. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22The board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the board of directors’ report regarding remuneration to senior management relating to 2021/22 pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.20. Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board of SkiStar AB (publ) recommends that the Annual General Meeting adopt the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. The guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting and are valid for a maximum of four years.ScopeThe guidelines below include the Board of Directors (as applicable)  the CEO and other members of Group management  hereinafter referred to as senior executives. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration under new agreements and amendments to remuneration already agreed after adoption of the new guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided on by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySkiStar’s vision is to create memorable mountain experiences. As a listed company  SkiStar aims to create value for the Company’s shareholders and promote long-term sustainability in all operations. For further information about SkiStar’s strategy  long-term interests  including financial and operational targets  and sustainability work  see www.skistar.com/en/corporate and the annual report  which will be available at the same web address no later than three weeks prior to the AGM.Successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including sustainability  are contingent on the Company having qualified employees. SkiStar must therefore be able to offer competitive remuneration. The Company’s remuneration structure in accordance with these guidelines mustcontribute to a consensus between senior executives and shareholders in terms of the long-term perspective of the operations  including promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability;ensure that senior executives receive remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  enabling the Company to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees;require senior executives’ compliance with the Company’s code of conduct  policies and directives; andoffer a salary based on the Company’s financial targets and senior executives’ individual responsibility  competence  performance  duties  experience and position.Variable remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability.Remuneration and forms of remunerationThe total compensation for senior executives must be reviewed regularly  and at least annually  to ensure that it is market-based. To create well-balanced total compensation that strengthens both short and long-term performance management and target achievement  remuneration may include the following components: fixed cash salary  variable remuneration/bonuses including undertaking to acquire shares  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed cash salarySenior executives are to be offered a fixed cash salary that is individualised and market-based in relation to responsibility  competence  performance and regional salary levels. The fixed salary is to be determined annually  to apply during the period September to August.Variable remuneration/bonus including undertaking to acquire sharesSenior executives may receive variable cash remuneration/bonuses  based on the current bonus programme for SkiStar’s senior executives as decided by the Board for each financial year. Bonuses must be related to measurable criteria defined by the Board  which may be financial or non-financial  qualitative or quantitative  and must be based on factors that support SkiStar’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by having a clear link to value creation  committed long-term ownership and SkiStar’s development. The criteria may  for example  relate to the Company’s performance on earnings per share  return on equity  operating margin and organic growth  measured for each financial year. If the Board considers that the business strategy and the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  would be better promoted if the criteria were supplemented or changed  these guidelines allow such changes to be made.The bonus to the CEO may amount to a maximum of 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for the CEO. Bonuses to other senior executives may amount to a maximum of 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for these executives.The level of fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration is to be determined at the end of the measurement period. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the CEO’s variable cash remuneration assessment. Where the assessment of target achievement is concerned  the CEO is responsible for the assessment in relation to other senior executives’ variable cash remuneration. Financial targets shall be based on the most recent financial report published by the Company.Should it be established that the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration have not been met in whole or in part  the Board of Directors has the possibility to decide that variable remuneration is nevertheless to be paid to senior executives on an individual basis in extraordinary circumstances  up to an amount not exceeding half of the bonus cap  i.e. a maximum of 40 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for the CEO  and a maximum of 30 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for other senior executives. Such extraordinary arrangements are only to be applied either for the purpose of recruitment or retention  or as remuneration for extraordinary work in addition to the person’s regular duties. Decisions on such remuneration are to be taken by the Board of Directors  for both the CEO and other senior executives  on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee. Variable remuneration is paid in October of the year after it was earned.Under an agreement with the Company  senior executives who receive bonuses must undertake to acquire shares in the Company for long-term ownership (a period of at least three years)  investing at least 1/3 of their post-tax bonuses. The purchase price paid for any SkiStar shares acquired by a senior executive during a given vesting year may be included in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares if a bonus is received for that vesting year. The purpose is to create involvement and engagement by offering senior executives the opportunity to become shareholders in a structured way. Through the criteria that determine the outcome as described above  incentives are created for senior executives to contribute to realisation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  and therefore long-term value creation.If a senior executive contravenes the above conditions by  for example  prematurely selling shares acquired under said conditions  the senior executive must  in accordance with the agreement with the Company  be required to repay the full amount (including income tax but not social security contributions) paid for the shares acquired.Pension benefitsSenior executives are entitled to pension arrangements under collective agreements and agreements with SkiStar AB. All pension obligations are defined-contribution plans. For the CEO  the Company pays pension contributions corresponding to 30 percent of the pensionable salary. For other senior executives  pension payments are made according to the standard ITP plan. Salary waivers may be used for increased pension provisions through one-time pension premium payments under salary and bonus sacrifice arrangements. The retirement age for senior executives who are Swedish citizens is 65. For others  it is as specified in their own country’s pension rules.Car benefitsSenior executives may be offered car benefits.Other benefitsSenior executives may be entitled to other benefits such as health insurance as well as the benefits available to other SkiStar employees. The total value of these benefits may not exceed five percent of a senior executive’s fixed cash salary.In addition  the CEO may be entitled to private travel between home and work (including air travel)  an official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  tax return assistance and supplementary health insurance in addition to collectively agreed health insurance. The total value of these benefits may not exceed ten percent of the CEO’s fixed cash salary.OtherEmployment conditions for senior executives who are subject to rules other than Swedish rules on pension and other benefits may be duly adjusted to ensure compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines as far as possible.Period of notice and termination benefitsThe maximum period of notice is initially 12 months for termination of employment initiated by SkiStar and six months for termination by the senior executive. Termination benefits shall only be paid when termination of employment is initiated by the Company. Termination benefits shall only to be paid up to the date on which the individual in question obtains other employment. Termination benefits are calculated on the fixed cash salary and are not pensionable. Total fixed salary during the period of notice and any termination benefits must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 24 months.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board’s Remuneration Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the need to revise the guidelines prior to the Board’s proposal to the AGM (if applicable) for adoption. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present it to the AGM for resolution. The guidelines shall be valid until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of guidelines for remuneration of senior executives and applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for the CEO on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for other senior executives and consults with the Remuneration Committee on these matters. Decisions on possible variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances are  however  made by the Board for the CEO as well as for other senior executives on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO and other senior executives are not present when the Board and the Remuneration Committee consider and make decisions on remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by these matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may  following a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  decide to make a temporary derogation from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are particular reasons to do so in an individual case and such derogation is necessary in order to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparation of the Board’s decisions in remuneration-related matters. This includes decisions to derogate from the guidelines. Such derogations are to be reported and explained in the subsequent remuneration report.Salary and terms of employment for other employeesIn preparing the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees have been taken into account by including information about the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and the remuneration increase and rate of increase over time in the Board’s decision support material for evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and limitations set out herein. The remuneration report on paid and outstanding remuneration covered by the guidelines will include a report on the trend regarding the gap between Company management’s remuneration and other employees’ remuneration.Changes from previous guidelinesThe Board’s proposal for guidelines for remuneration of senior executives prior to the 2022 AGM is largely consistent with the guidelines adopted at the 2021 AGM. In the review prior to the 2022 AGM  changes have been made regarding the extended benefit for the CEO  as regards the official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  clarification of the extended possibility for the Board to decide upon variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances  and an increased bonus cap for variable remuneration to the CEO  from 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary to 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary. Furthermore  the possibility has been introduced for senior executives  if a bonus is received  to include the purchase price of SkiStar shares acquired during the vesting year of the current bonus payment in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares.More informationOn the date of submission of these proposed remuneration guidelines for senior executives  SkiStar did not have any remuneration commitments not due for payment other than ongoing commitments to senior executives in accordance with the remuneration principles adopted at the 2021 AGM. For more information on remuneration at SkiStar  see the remuneration report and the annual report  which are available at www.skistar.com/sv/corporate no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.21. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve upon new issues of shares in accordance with the following.The board of directors is proposed to be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next AGM  to resolve on new issues of Class B shares. A new share issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on a new share issue with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by set-off and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Paragraph 2  1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Decision pursuant to the authorisation may not result in a new issuance of shares exceeding ten (10) percent of all shares in the company at the time of the AGM's decision on the authorisation. An issue of new shares based on this authorisation must not result in the company’s share capital exceeding the company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The board shall be entitled to determine other terms for the share issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right if any  is to give the board increased options to  completely or partially  finance any future investments/acquisitions by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisitions alternatively to raise capital for such investments/acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution of the AGM that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and has the right to otherwise take the measures required to enforce the decision.22. Resolution on authorisation providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve on the acquisition and sales of the company’s own shares according to essentially the following.The board of directors’ proposal entails that the board be authorised  until the next AGM of shareholders  to pass resolutions on one or more occasions regarding the acquisition of Class B shares in the company; however  the company’s holding may not  at any time  exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the company. The acquisition of shares shall take place in a regulated market or by an acquisition offer made to all shareholders that hold Class B shares. Acquisition of shares in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval – that is  the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. An offer of acquisition made to all shareholders may take place at a price equivalent to the lowest market value at the time of the offer  with a maximum deviation of plus 20 percent.Furthermore  the proposal by the board of directors entails that the board of directors be entitled to pass resolutions  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  regarding the sale of the company’s own shares in a regulated market or in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations. The authorisation includes the right to pass resolutions on deviation from the preferential rights of shareholders and resolutions that establish forms of payment other than cash funds  on the basis of in-kind payment  offsetting or on the basis of other conditions. The authorisation may be utilised for the maximum number of shares stipulated in the authorisation to acquire the company’s shares. Transfers in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval. Transfers in connection with acquisitions shall take place at a price which  in all essential manners  corresponds to the market value for the company’s share at the time of entering into the acquisition agreement.These authorisations aim to provide the board of directors with increased scope in working with the company’s capital structure and  if deemed appropriate  to facilitate acquisitions. The reason for the deviation from pre-emption rights  with regard to transfers made in conjunction with the acquisition of companies and businesses  is to create alternative forms of payment for such acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the implementation of the board’s resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.Shareholder’s proposal23. Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar shall introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years oldThe board recommends that the AGM rejects the shareholder proposal under item 23.Other informationDocuments prior to the Annual General Meeting etc.Accounting documents  auditor’s reports and the complete proposals and statements of the board of directors and the nomination committee pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be made available to shareholders at least three weeks prior to the AGM  at the company’s address: SkiStar AB  Sälfjällsgården  780 91 Sälen  Sweden  and on the company’s webpage: www.skistar.com/en/corporate. Copies of these documents will also be sent  free of cost  by post or e-mail to the shareholders upon request  and upon receipt of a postal or e-mail address and will be available at the AGM.Certain majority requirementsFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 21 and 22 on authorisations for the board of directors  the proposals shall be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM retain the right to request information regarding matters on the agenda or the company’s financial position according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Number of shares and votesThe number of registered shares in the company as per the date of issuance of this notice is a total of 78 376 056  of which 3 648 000 are Class A shares and 74 728 056 are Class B shares. The total number of votes is 111 208 056. The company holds no own shares._____________________Sälen in November 2022The Board of Directors of SkiStar AB (publ)This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  at 3 November 2022  10.30 a.m. CET.Further information can be reached from:Stefan Sjöstrand  CEO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.Anders Örnulf  CFO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.SkiStar in briefSkiStar AB (publ) is listed on the Mid Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. The Group owns and operates mountain resorts in Sälen  Vemdalen  Åre and Stockholm (Hammarbybacken) in Sweden and in Hemsedal and Trysil in Norway. Operations are divided into three segments: Operation of Mountain Resorts  Property Development & Exploitation and Operation of Hotels. As the leading holiday tour operator for Scandinavia  SkiStar’s business concept is to create memorable mountain experiences  develop sustainable destinations  offer accommodation  activities  products and services of the highest quality with our guests in focus. For further information  please visit www.skistar.com/en/corporate.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.33,0.27,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SkiStar AB', 'Notice', 'SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting', 'specific advance voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'equivalent authority document', 'advance vote', 'postal voting', 'advanced voting', 'personal data', 'Sälen', 'share register', 'contact details', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'authorisation document', 'legal entity', 'verified copy', 'nomination committee', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'Proxy form', 'authorised nominee', 'personal participation', 'good time', 'contact information', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Such power', 'Nominee Registration', 'AGM', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Experium', 'Lindvallen', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'company', 'webpage', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'telephone', 'name', 'addition', 'shares', 'assistants', 'opportunity', 'heading', 'nominees', 'date', 'Story', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'vpc', 'notification', 'certificate', 'items', 'agenda', 'board', 'proposals', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'alternative', 'attorney', 'period', 'maximum', 'address', 'Processing', '2', '1.30', '101', '9']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12654,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548642/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-REVERSED-AUCTIONS-SEK-MUNICIPAL-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS SEK MUNICIPAL BONDS,Anbudsförfarande kommuner och regioner  2022-11-08BondsFloating-rate Notes(FRN) issued in SEK by Municipalities or Regions with maturity in:2024The......,Anbudsförfarande kommuner och regioner  2022-11-08Bonds Floating-rate Notes(FRN) issued in SEK by Municipalities or Regions with maturity in:2024The following issuers are accepted for delivery:Västerås StadVellinge KommunRegion SkåneHelsingborgs StadÖstersunds KommunSödertälje KommunNacka KommunSundsvalls KommunUppsala KommunLunds KommunÖrebro KommunBorås StadNorrköpings KommunTäby KommunHuddinge KommunGöteborgs StadMalmö StadStockholms StadRegion StockholmDelivery may not be made in Bonds purchased by the Counterparty from the issuer less than one week prior to the date for announcing the Specific terms  i.e. the purchase may not have been made after:2022-10-28Bids Bids are made to tel 08-696 69 70 and confirmed in writing by a filled-in Bid form by e-mail to EOL@riksbank.seBid date 2022-11-08Bid times 10.00-11.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateRequested volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 400 +/- 400 millionHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) The total bid volume from one Counterparty for the two Credit rating classes may not exceed SEK 400 million.No bid may contain Bonds exceeding SEK 400 million issued by Stockholms Stad  Region Stockholm (Stockholms läns landsting) or Göteborgs Stad.For other issuers  bids may not contain Bonds exceeding SEK 100 million issued by the same issuer.Lowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) The total bid volume from one Counterparty should not be less than SEK 50 million and not be less than SEK 5 million per Bond (ISIN code).Credit rating classes The requested volume is divided into two credit rating classes. Credit rating refers to the issuer’s credit rating. If there are credit ratings from several credit rating agencies the highest of these will be applied.Class 1: A long-term credit rating of AAA with S&P  Aaa with Moody’s or AAA with Fitch.Class 2: A long-term credit rating of AA+ with S&P  Aa1 with Moody’s or AA+ with Fitch.Maturity Bonds maturing between January 1. 2024 and December 31. 2024. The year is divided into four quarters and bids are placed for each quarter and Credit Class.Example: For Credit Class 1 with maturity quarter 2  a bid of SEK 90 million is placed at interest x %.Expected allocation time Not later than 11.30 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateDelivery and payment date 2022-11-10Delivery of bonds Bonds issued in the PM section:To the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system: 1 4948 6383.Bonds issued in the AM section:To the Riksbank's account at the Global Custodian State Street:Global Custodian BIC Code: SBOSUS3CXXXLocal Settlement Agent: SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (SEB)Local Settlement Agent BIC Code: ESSESESSXXXGlobal Custodian's Account Name at SEB: STATE STREET BANK & TRUSTGlobal Custodian's Account Number at SEB: 01-100 386 491Riksbank's Account Name at the Global Custodian: SVERIGES RIKSBANK Riksbank's Account Number at the Global Custodian: 0145PSET BIC: VPCSSESSXXXCounterparties must use BIC: ESSESESSXXX in field 95P::DEAG/REAG and State Street BIC: SBOSUS3CXXX in field 95P::SELL/BUYR in the settlement instruction.Bonds issued for the euro market (ISIN code with XS):To the Riksbank's account at Euroclear Bank: 91181.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['SEK MUNICIPAL BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'RIKSBANK', 'AUCTIONS', 'Täby Kommun Huddinge Kommun Göteborgs Stad', 'Local Settlement Agent BIC Code', 'SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB', 'Västerås Stad', 'Södertälje Kommun', 'several credit rating agencies', 'two Credit rating classes', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Global Custodian State Street', 'Stockholms Stad Region Stockholm', 'Global Custodian BIC Code', 'State Street BIC', 'Borås Stad', 'Norrköpings Kommun', 'securities settlement system', 'STATE STREET BANK', 'Anbudsförfarande kommuner', 'Region Skåne', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'long-term credit rating', 'total bid volume', 'Bonds Floating-rate Notes', 'SVERIGES RIKSBANK Riksbank', 'Helsingborgs Stad', 'Malmö Stad', 'Vellinge Kommun', 'Östersunds Kommun', 'Nacka Kommun', 'Sundsvalls Kommun', 'Uppsala Kommun', 'Lunds Kommun', 'Örebro Kommun', 'ISIN code', 'settlement instruction', 'S&P', 'PSET BIC', 'Euroclear Bank', 'credit ratings', 'Bid form', 'Bid times', 'Credit Class', 'Bid date', 'following issuers', 'Specific terms', 'other issuers', 'four quarters', 'allocation time', 'PM section', 'AM section', 'euro market', 'payment date', 'one Counterparty', 'Account Name', 'Account Number', 'same issuer', 'Maturity Bonds', 'maturity quarter', 'bonds Bonds', 'Bids Bids', 'regioner', 'FRN', 'SEK', 'Municipalities', 'Regions', 'delivery', 'purchase', 'tel', 'writing', 'mail', 'EOL', 'AAA', 'Moody', 'Fitch', 'AA+', 'Aa1', 'January', 'December', 'year', 'Example', 'interest', 'SBOSUS3CXXX', 'SEB', 'TRUST', 'VPCSSESSXXX', 'Counterparties', 'field', 'DEAG/REAG', 'SELL', 'BUYR', 'XS']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12655,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548999/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-EUR-Annual-Conversion-Facility.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited  a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability   under the laws of......,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Shareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'EUR', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'authorised closed-ended investment scheme', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'collective investment scheme', 'BG Fund Plc', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'The Company', 'custodian bank', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12656,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549003/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-GBP-Annual-Conversion-Facility.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (GBP): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited  a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability   under the laws of......,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Shareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'GBP', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'authorised closed-ended investment scheme', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'collective investment scheme', 'BG Fund Plc', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'The Company', 'custodian bank', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12657,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548644/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-REVERSED-AUCTIONS-SEK-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS SEK GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2022-11-11BondsSWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061. SE0011281922. 2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1065  SE0017830730  2033-11-11 Bid...,Bid procedure  2022-11-11 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061. SE0011281922. 2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1065  SE0017830730  2033-11-11Bid date 2022-11-11 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Requested volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 250 mln SEK +/-125 mln SEK1065: 250 mln SEK +/-125 mln SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 250 mln SEK per bid1065: 250 mln SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2022-11-15 Delivery of bonds To the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system 1 4948 6383Stockholm  2022-11-04This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS', 'SEK GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '250 mln SEK', '125 mln SEK', 'allocation time', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'Riksbank', 'account', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12658,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/cGTCEBbiyg,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/cGTCEBbiyg,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12659,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/rmOirhfOOt,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/rmOirhfOOt,neutral,0.06,0.83,0.12,neutral,0.06,0.83,0.12,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12660,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Meet Henry Mangaya Amboyo  Sustainability Officer  Euroclear group. Born in Congo  Henry is based in the Brussels o… https://t.co/hm9zpm8uvm,nan,Meet Henry Mangaya Amboyo  Sustainability Officer  Euroclear group. Born in Congo  Henry is based in the Brussels o… https://t.co/hm9zpm8uvm,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Henry Mangaya Amboyo', 'Sustainability Officer', 'Euroclear group', 'Congo', 'Henry Mangaya Amboyo', 'Sustainability Officer', 'Euroclear group', 'Congo']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12661,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.jwnenergy.com/press-release/636439e4fac66cd88a150547/,ClearStream Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results,"ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the ""Company"") (TSX: CSM) today announced its results for the nine months ended September 30  2022. All amounts are in Canadian dollars and expressed in thousands of dollars unless otherwise noted.","ClearStream Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial ResultsThursday  November 3  2022  3 PM MDTCompletes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 millionCALGARY  Alberta  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the ""Company"") (TSX: CSM) today announced its results for the nine months ended September 30  2022. All amounts are in Canadian dollars and expressed in thousands of dollars unless otherwise noted.“EBITDAS” and “Adjusted EBITDAS” are not standard measures under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of these items and limitations of their use.“The high level of activity that we experienced in the second quarter continued in the third quarter as we reported revenues of $171.9 million  largely unchanged from the record set in the second quarter. Revenues for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30  2022 increased by 58% from the same periods in 2021 as the market recovery from the pandemic lows continued ” said Barry Card  Chief Executive Officer.“In the third quarter  we successfully completed an additional 10 turnaround projects to build and maintain the integrity of our customers’ infrastructure. When combined with the second quarter  we completed a total of 30 turnaround projects. We were able to recruit and grow our workforce to over 4 000 employees at the peak  to complete these projects. The commitment of our employees to safety allowed these projects to be delivered on time and with no incidents  representing best in class performance ” added Mr. Card.HIGHLIGHTSRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $171.9 million  representing an increase of $63.3 million or 58.2% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $1.3 million or 0.8% from Q2 2022.Gross profit for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $20.6 million  representing an increase of $8.5 million or 70.1% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.9 million or 31.3% from Q2 2022.Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0%  as compared to 11.2% in Q3 2021 and 9.1% in Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $12.4 million  representing an increase of $6.4 million or 107.3% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.5 million or 56.6% from Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 7.2%  representing an increase of 1.7% from Q3 2021 and an increase of 2.6% from Q2 2022.Selling  general and administrative expenses for three months ended September 30  2022 were $10.0 million  representing an increase of $2.7 million or 36.5% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $0.2 million or 1.8% from Q2 2022. The increase is largely due to our business recovering and stabilizing in 2022  therefore  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022. In addition  2022 expenses are higher than 2021 due to ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness.Liquidity  including cash and available credit facilities  was $21.6 million at September 30  2022  as compared to $33.7 million at December 31  2021.New contract awards and renewals totaled approximately $350.0 million for the three months ended September 30  2022 and $12.0 million for the month of October 2022. Approximately 40% of the work is expected to be completed in the next 12 months.Maintenance and Construction ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $159.3 million  representing an increase of $60.0 million or 60.4% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.9 million or 0.6% from Q2 2022. The increase relative to Q3 2021 was due to the completion of an additional 10 turnaround projects in the third quarter  which included two large projects. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 11.2%  an increase of 2.7% from Q2 2022 and 2.0% from Q3 2021. We continue to focus on consolidating various scopes of work with existing or new customers by bundling our services in order to enable more efficient execution and lower costs for our customers on each work site.Wear Technology Overlay ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $14.0 million  representing an increase of $3.5 million or 33.6% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.3 million or 2.2% from Q2 2022. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 19.1%  an increase of 4.5% from Q2 2022 and a decrease of 9.0% from Q3 2021. The decrease relative to Q3 2021 was primarily due to the mix of business  job margins being lower for certain projects and an increase in material costs. With the continued rise in global energy demand and commodity prices  we are seeing our customers in the oil sands operating at full production levels  which has started to increase the demand for our AssetArmorTM products.Environmental ServicesWe continue to enhance our professional services capabilities to service our growing customer base in this market segment. Our customers continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada as they increase their focus on ESG (environmental  social and governance) matters. We expect this trend to continue notwithstanding the expiry of the government-funded programs at the end of 2022.CorporateOn September 23  2022  Murray Desrosiers  Senior Vice President and General Counsel  was appointed Senior Vice President  Legal and Corporate Development. In this new role  Murray will be responsible for the coordination and delivery of legal services  insurance  corporate development and strategic planning.Also on September 23  2022  Angela Thompson  Vice President  Environmental and Project Services was appointed Vice President  Corporate Services. In this new role  Angela will be responsible for Business Development and Proposals  Marketing and Communications  and will continue to lead Project Services (Project Controls  Estimating  and Supply Chain Management) and Environmental Services.THIRD QUARTER 2022 FINANCIAL RESULTS($ millions  except per share amounts) Three months ended September 30  Nine months ended September 30  2022 2021 % Change 2022 2021 % Change Revenue Maintenance and Construction Services 159.3 99.4 60.4 % 419.0 260.6 60.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 14.0 10.4 33.6 % 40.6 28.8 40.9 % Eliminations(1) (1.4 ) (1.2 ) 20.7 % (4.7 ) (2.0 ) 134.6 % Total 171.9 108.6 58.2 % 454.9 287.4 58.3 % Gross Profit Maintenance and Construction Services 17.9 9.2 95.5 % 38.9 22.7 71.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.7 2.9 (9.3 )% 7.1 8.0 (10.4 )% Total 20.6 12.1 70.1 % 46.1 30.6 50.5 % Gross Profit Margin (% of revenue) Maintenance and Construction Services 11.3 % 9.2 % 2.0 % 9.3 % 8.7 % 0.6 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 19.1 % 28.2 % (9.0 )% 17.6 % 27.6 % (10.1 )% Total 12.0 % 11.2 % 0.8 % 10.1 % 10.6 % (0.5 )% Selling  general and administrative expenses 10.0 7.3 36.5 % 27.8 19.9 40.1 % % of revenue 5.8 % 6.7 % (0.9 )% 6.1 % 6.9 % — % Adjusted EBITDAS(2) Maintenance and Construction Services 17.8 9.1 95.2 % 38.6 22.8 69.4 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.6 2.9 (9.4 )% 6.9 7.7 (10.7 )% Corporate (8.0 ) (6.0 ) 33.6 % (22.2 ) (17.8 ) (24.3 )% Total 12.4 6.0 107.3 % 23.3 12.7 84.1 % % of revenue 7.2 % 5.5 % 1.7 % 5.1 % 4.4 % 0.7 % Income (loss) from continuing operations 1.2 (2.2 ) (152.7 )% (7.6 ) (9.3 ) (18.5 )% Net income (loss) per share (dollars) from continuing operations (basic and diluted) 0.01 (0.02 ) (152.7 )% (0.07 ) (0.08 ) — %(1) The eliminations includes eliminations of inter-segment transactions. ClearStream accounts for inter-segment sales based on transaction price.(2) ""Adjusted EBITDAS” is not a standard measure under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of this measure and limitations of its use.Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $171 883 and $454 927 compared to $108 647 and $287 447 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 58.2% and 58.3%. The increase in revenue was driven by the strong market momentum in 2022  representing an increase in activity across all areas of the business with the largest increase occurring in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment.Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was $20 617 and $46 059 compared to $12 124 and $30 610 for the same periods of 2021  representing an increase of 70.1% and 50.5%  respectively. Gross profit margin for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0% and 10.1% compared to 11.2% and 10.6% for the same periods in 2021. The increase in gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily driven by an increase in the volume of work in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment combined with the recovery of the increased costs realized in the business  which have been built into contracts collaboratively with our customers.Selling  general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $9 970 and $27 821  in comparison to $7 302 and $19 856 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 36.5% and 40.1%  respectively. As a percentage of revenue  SG&A expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were 5.8% and 6.1% compared to 6.7% and 6.9% for the same periods in 2021. Consistent with the last three quarters of 2021  the increase in SG&A expenses is partially due to the ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy. These investments  which will extend throughout 2022  are expected to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness. In addition  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022.For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  Adjusted EBITDAS was $12 381 and $23 296 compared to $5 973 and $12 653 for the same periods in 2021. As a percentage of revenue  Adjusted EBITDAS was 7.2% and 5.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to 5.5% and 4.4% for the same periods in 2021.Income from government subsidies includes the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (""CEWS"") and the Canada Emergency Rent Subsidy (""CERS"") received from the Government of Canada to assist with the payment of employee wages and rent as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CEWS and CERS programs ended in 2021. Therefore  the Company did not have any income from government subsidies during the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $143 and $11 313 for the three and nine months ended September 30  2021.Income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $1 174 and loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30  2022 was $7 582 in comparison to losses of $2 227 and $9 300 for the same periods in 2021. The income variance was driven by a significant improvement in gross profit for the Maintenance and Construction Services segment and the impairment of right-of-use assets recognized in 2021  partially offset by the reduction in government subsidies in 2022  an increase in SG&A expenses and an increase in restructuring expenses.LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESOn October 5  2022  ClearStream amended its asset-based revolving credit facility (the “ABL Facility”) with a Canadian charted bank to increase the maximum borrowings available thereunder to $50 million. The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025. The expanded ABL Facility will provide additional working capital needed to finance the higher level of activity experienced in 2022.The Company anticipates that its liquidity (cash on hand and available credit facilities) and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet its short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with its financial covenants through September 30  2023.As at September 30  2022  issued and outstanding share capital included 110 001 239 common shares  127 732 Series 1 preferred shares  and 40 111 Series 2 preferred shares.The Series 1 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $127.732 million) are convertible at the option of the holder into common shares at a price of $0.35/share and the Series 2 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $40.111 million) are convertible into common shares at a price of $0.10/share.The Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares have a 10% fixed cumulative preferential cash dividend payable when the Company has sufficient monies to be able to do so  including under the provisions of applicable law and contracts affecting the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends until such times as the Company's balance sheet and liquidity position supports the payment. As at September 30  2022  the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series 1 and Series 2 shares totaled $72.4 million. Any accrued and unpaid dividends are convertible in certain circumstances at the option of the holder into additional Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares.OUTLOOKThe return of global energy demand and the reality of a multi-year period of upstream oil and natural gas underinvestment has resulted in a shortage of oil and natural gas and higher commodity prices  providing a promising outlook for the services industry. The war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russian hydrocarbons have exacerbated the challenged supply situation and many importing countries are looking for alternative sources of supply  including North America  to fill the gap. At current commodity price levels  we anticipate continued high demand for our services as customers seek to maintain or incrementally grow production levels. However  broad economic concerns exist with respect to inflation  rising interest rates and geopolitical instability  the combination of which may lead to a global recession. These concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers.Despite some recent weakness  the pricing for commodities in the end markets we serve continues to be strong. While our customers have been prioritizing debt repayment and returns to shareholders  they are starting to increase spending on both maintenance projects (to enhance operational reliability) and capital projects (to maintain or expand production capacity). We expect activity levels to remain strong for the remainder of 2022.ClearStream's business model continues to prove its resilience as we are working closely with our customers to help them effectively manage their operations. Our organic growth strategy involves cross-selling our suite of more than 40 services that encompass the full asset lifecycle to generate efficiencies and cost reductions for our customers and further expanding our reach into industrial markets. We are also continually working to improve our service delivery to anticipate our customer’s requirements and proactively meet their needs.Additional InformationOur unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 and the related Management's Discussion and Analysis of the operating and financial results can be accessed on our website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca and will be available shortly through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.About ClearStream Energy Services Inc.With a legacy of excellence and experience stretching back more than 50 years  ClearStream provides solutions for the Energy and Industrial markets including: Oil & Gas  Petrochemical  Mining  Power  Agriculture  Forestry  Infrastructure and Water Treatment. With offices strategically located across Canada and a dedicated workforce  we provide maintenance  construction  wear technology and environmental services that keep our clients moving forward. For more information about ClearStream  please visit www.clearstreamenergy.ca or contact:Randy Watt Barry Card Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer ClearStream Energy Services Inc. ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (587) 318-0997 (587) 318-0997 rwatt@clearstreamenergy.ca bcard@clearstreamenergy.caAdvisory regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information included in this Press Release may constitute “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. In some cases  forward-looking information can be identified by terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “estimate”  “predict”  “potential”  “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. This press release contains forward-looking information relating to: our business plans  strategies and objectives; contract renewals and project awards  including the estimated value thereof and the timing of completing the associated work; that the demand for our AssetArmorTM products will increase as customers increase production levels; that customers will continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada; that the investments being made to support our enterprise systems and digital strategy will drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness; the sufficiency of our liquidity and cash flow from operations to meet our short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with our financial covenants through September 30  2023; our dividend policy; the supply/demand fundamentals for oil and natural gas and its impact on the demand for our services; the pricing outlook for commodities in the end markets we serve; that broad economic concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers; that our customers will increase spending on both maintenance and capital projects; and activity levels for the remainder of 2022.Forward-looking information involves significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking information including  but not limited to  the success of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic  compliance with debt covenants  access to credit facilities and other sources of capital for working capital requirements and capital expenditure needs  availability of labour  dependence on key personnel  economic conditions  commodity prices  interest rates  regulatory change  weather and risks related to the integration of acquired businesses. These factors should not be considered exhaustive. Risks and uncertainties about ClearStream’s business are more fully discussed in ClearStream’s disclosure materials  including its annual information form and management’s discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com. In formulating the forward-looking information  management has assumed that business and economic conditions affecting ClearStream will continue substantially in the ordinary course  including  without limitation  with respect to general levels of economic activity  regulations  taxes and interest rates. Although the forward-looking information is based on what management of ClearStream consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to it  there can be no assurance that actual events or results will be consistent with this forward-looking information  and management’s assumptions may prove to be incorrect.This forward-looking information is made as of the date of this press release  and ClearStream does not assume any obligation to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances except as required by law. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.Advisory regarding Non-Standard MeasuresThe terms ‘‘EBITDAS’’ and “Adjusted EBITDAS” (collectively  the ‘‘Non-standard measures’’) are financial measures used in this press release that are not standard measures under IFRS. ClearStream’s method of calculating the Non-Standard Measures may differ from the methods used by other issuers. Therefore  ClearStream’s Non-Standard Measures  as presented may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.EBITDAS refers to net earnings determined in accordance with IFRS  before depreciation and amortization  interest expense  income tax expense (recovery) and long-term incentive plan expenses. EBITDAS is used by management and the directors of ClearStream as well as many investors to determine the ability of an issuer to generate cash from operations. Management also uses EBITDAS to monitor the performance of ClearStream’s reportable segments and believes that in addition to net income or loss and cash provided by operating activities  EBITDAS is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures and income taxes. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Adjusted EBITDAS refers to EBITDAS excluding impairment of goodwill and intangible assets  restructuring expense  gain (loss) on sale of property  plant and equipment  loss of contingent consideration liability  one time incurred expenses  impairment of right-of-use assets and government subsidies. ClearStream has used Adjusted EBITDAS as the basis for the analysis of its past operating financial performance. Adjusted EBITDAS is a measure that management believes (i) is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures  and income taxes  and (ii) facilitates the comparability of the results of historical periods and the analysis of its operating financial performance which may be useful to investors. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Investors are cautioned that the Non-Standard Measures are not alternatives to measures under IFRS and should not  on their own  be construed as an indicator of performance or cash flows  a measure of liquidity or as a measure of actual return on the shares. These Non-Standard Measures should only be used with reference to ClearStream’s consolidated interim and annual financial statements available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com or on ClearStream’s website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'ClearStream', 'Wear Technology Overlay Services', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc', 'Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'available credit facilities', 'full production levels', 'New contract awards', 'global energy demand', 'Gross profit margin', 'two large projects', 'additional 10 turnaround projects', 'nine month periods', 'Construction Services', 'Environmental Services', 'nine months', 'same periods', '30 turnaround projects', 'second quarter', 'EBITDAS margin', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'standard measures', 'press release', 'high level', 'pandemic lows', 'Barry Card', 'class performance', 'Mr. Card.', 'cost reductions', 'previous years', 'increased volume', 'ongoing investments', 'enterprise systems', 'digital strategy', 'longer-term efficiencies', 'cost competitiveness', 'next 12 months', 'various scopes', 'new customers', 'efficient execution', 'lower costs', 'job margins', 'material costs', 'continued rise', 'commodity prices', 'oil sands', 'AssetArmorTM products', 'three months', 'Canadian dollars', 'Adjusted EBITDAS', 'customers’ infrastructure', 'administrative expenses', 'work site', 'quarterly revenues', '2022 expenses', 'Thursday', 'CALGARY', 'Alberta', 'Company', 'CSM', 'amounts', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'Advisory', 'end', 'description', 'items', 'limitations', 'use', 'activity', 'record', 'market', 'recovery', 'integrity', 'total', 'workforce', '4,000 employees', 'peak', 'commitment', 'safety', 'time', 'incidents', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Q3', 'decrease', 'Q2', 'Selling', 'general', 'business', 'elements', 'order', 'Liquidity', 'cash', 'September', 'December', 'renewals', 'October', 'Maintenance', 'completion', 'existing', 'mix', 'professional', '2021', '9.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,jwnenergy.com
12662,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,How has Regulatory Scrutiny Evolved? - Priya Sharma - Clearstreamhttps://t.co/R7aNtJ7qG0#Fintech  #Paytech #FFnews https://t.co/09Y7gK7ubB,nan,How has Regulatory Scrutiny Evolved? - Priya Sharma - Clearstreamhttps://t.co/R7aNtJ7qG0#Fintech  #Paytech #FFnews https://t.co/09Y7gK7ubB,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Regulatory Scrutiny', 'Priya Sharma', 'Clearstream', 'R7aNtJ7qG0', 'Fintech', 'Paytech', 'FFnews', 'Regulatory Scrutiny', 'Priya Sharma', 'Clearstream', 'R7aNtJ7qG0', 'Fintech', 'Paytech', 'FFnews']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12663,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Priya Sharma  Head of Client Connectivity &amp; Data at @Clearstream talks to Ali Paterson about how regulatory scrutin… https://t.co/Ah6FEgx1tY,nan,Priya Sharma  Head of Client Connectivity &amp; Data at @Clearstream talks to Ali Paterson about how regulatory scrutin… https://t.co/Ah6FEgx1tY,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Client Connectivity', 'Ali Paterson', 'regulatory scrutin', 'Head', 'Data', 'Ah6FEgx1tY', 'Priya Sharma', 'Client Connectivity', 'Ali Paterson', 'regulatory scrutin', 'Head', 'Data', 'Ah6FEgx1tY']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12664,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna  35+ Miles Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls and Windows  12… https://t.co/YyicAC1vPP,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna  35+ Miles Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls and Windows  12… https://t.co/YyicAC1vPP,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna', '35+ Miles Range', 'Antennas', 'Directional', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'Windows', 'YyicAC1vPP', 'ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna', '35+ Miles Range', 'Antennas', 'Directional', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'Windows', 'YyicAC1vPP']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12665,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders… https://t.co/x7hRDaWexc,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders… https://t.co/x7hRDaWexc,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', 'DEUTSCHEBOERSE', '1H', 'part', 'Traders', 'strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', 'DEUTSCHEBOERSE', '1H', 'part', 'Traders']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12666,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders may consider tra… https://t.co/9JkMHznC5V,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders may consider tra… https://t.co/9JkMHznC5V,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', '1H', 'part', 'Traders', '9JkMHznC5V', 'strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', '1H', 'part', 'Traders', '9JkMHznC5V']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12667,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/VLiizWokPS,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/VLiizWokPS,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'VLiizWokPS', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'VLiizWokPS']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12668,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/wjcIXrDYJC,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/wjcIXrDYJC,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12669,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-italian-arm-become-group-165437898.html,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023,LONDON (Reuters) -Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end...,"FILE PHOTO: The Euronext stock exchange is pictured at the La Defense business district in ParisBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG included an in-house clearer.""This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets "" Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.""LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis "" an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH's London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.""In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs "" EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Story continuesEarlier this week  Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'La Defense business district', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'Pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'Milan Exchange', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'LCH Group', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'Huw Jones', 'share trades', 'Italian arm', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'London operation', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Mark Potter', 'Susan Fenton', 'LCH SA', 'heavy reliance', 'side customers', 'LSEG) unit', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'PHOTO', 'Paris', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'move', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'Story', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'Editing']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12670,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-receives-transparency-notification-fidelity-180000625.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 4  2022 – 7 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation...,Oxurion NVLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 4  2022 – 7 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notification following the issuance of new shares pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Oxurion received a transparency notification from Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  indicating that by virtue of a downward passive crossing of a threshold  its 3 128 819 common shares have crossed below the 5% threshold.Content of the Fidelity NotificationReason of the notificationPassive crossing of a thresholdNotifications byA parent undertaking or a controlling personThreshold that is crossed5%Denominator66 675 765Notified detailsSee Annex 1Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively heldFidelity Management & Research Company LLC is controlled by FMR LLC.FMR LLC is not a controlled entityAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comANNEX 1B) Equivalent financial instruments After the transactionHolders of equivalent financial instrumentsType of financial instrumentExpiration dateExercise period or date# of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised% of voting rightsSettlement Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC Stock Loan 90 401 0.14% physical + TOTAL 90 401 0.14%TOTAL (A & B)# of voting rights% of voting rights CALCULATE 3 128 819 4.69%________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.09,0.63,True,English,"['Research Company LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Fidelity Management', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Research Company LLC Stock Loan', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Equivalent financial instruments', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'potential new standard', 'clinical stage assets', 'downward passive crossing', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Settlement Fidelity Management', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Oxurion NV Leuven', 'FMR LLC', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'new shares', 'new information', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Capital Commitment', 'Negma Group', '3,128,819 common shares', 'Fidelity Notification', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'Conway Communications', 'Beth Kurth', 'Exercise period', 'voting rights', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'Annex 1 Chain', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'other reason', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'Expiration date', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', 'issuance', 'virtue', 'threshold', 'Content', 'Notifications', 'Denominator', 'details', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'transaction', 'Holders', 'Type', 'TOTAL', 'CALCULATE', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Attachment', '7', '32']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12671,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/renault-target-10-billion-valuation-201551251.html,Renault to Target $10 Billion Valuation for Its Electric-Vehicle Business,(Bloomberg) -- Renault SA is aiming for a roughly €10 billion ($10 billion) valuation for the electric-vehicle business the carmaker has been carving out as ...,(Bloomberg) -- Renault SA is aiming for a roughly €10 billion ($10 billion) valuation for the electric-vehicle business the French carmaker is carving out as a standalone entity  according to a person familiar with the matter.Most Read from BloombergThe company is preparing the EV and software entity for a potential initial public offering on the Euronext Paris exchange sometime next year  said the person  who asked not to be identified because the information is private and plans could still change.The carveout of the entity  dubbed Ampere  is part of an overhaul that Chief Executive Officer Luca de Meo will present to investors next week. The split of the EV business from Renault’s traditional combustion-engine operations comes as the maker of Zoe and Clio cars seeks to navigate a difficult transition to electric vehicles as a possible recession looms in Europe.Renault will brief investors about its revamp plans  which are still being finalized  during a capital markets day on Nov. 8. A spokesperson declined to comment.Ampere’s carveout has been at the heart of talks between Renault and Japanese partner Nissan Motor Co. as the two companies seek to reshape a two-decade-old alliance. Nissan may invest $500 million to $750 million for a stake of about 15% in Ampere but the agreement hinges on a wider deal that would see Renault lower its own 43% stake in Nissan to about 15% over time to rebalance the alliance  people familiar with the situation have said.Higher Value?The talks are ongoing and valuation of Ampere has been among sticking points in the Nissan discussions  which have also hit snags over intellectual property concerns. Renault is currently worth 9 billion euros and it may be tricky for the carmaker to obtain a valuation for Ampere that’s higher than its own market capitalization.Story continuesThe IPO would be subject to market conditions  the person familiar with the situation said. Recent turbulence in share prices has put a damper on new offerings.De Meo also will be giving details next week on Renault’s legacy combustion-engine business  dubbed Horse  which also is being carved out. Renault may announce a deal with China’s Zheijiang Geely Holding Group for 50%-50% ownership of Horse until other investors make further investments  two people familiar with the talks said.Ampere will be based in France and employ about 10 000 people. The Horse entity with Geely would be based outside of France and also have a staff of about 10 000.The French government  which owns 15% of Renault  has been briefed in detail about the plans  one person said.The separation of the two businesses is likely to lead to “a better capital allocation and eventually to improved shareholder returns ” Stifel analyst Pierre-Yves Quemener wrote in a note this month.(Updates with background on Ampere)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.21,0.52,True,English,"['$10 Billion Valuation', 'Electric-Vehicle Business', 'Renault', 'Chief Executive Officer Luca de Meo', 'potential initial public offering', 'Stifel analyst Pierre-Yves Quemener', 'Zheijiang Geely Holding Group', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'traditional combustion-engine operations', 'possible recession looms', 'intellectual property concerns', 'capital markets day', 'legacy combustion-engine business', 'Nissan Motor Co', 'Bloomberg L.P.', 'The Horse entity', 'capital allocation', 'electric-vehicle business', 'standalone entity', 'software entity', 'Clio cars', 'difficult transition', 'electric vehicles', 'Japanese partner', 'two companies', 'Higher Value', 'market capitalization', 'market conditions', 'Recent turbulence', 'share prices', 'new offerings', 'French government', 'two businesses', 'shareholder returns', 'EV business', 'Nissan discussions', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'French carmaker', 'two-decade-old alliance', 'wider deal', '9 billion euros', 'revamp plans', 'other investors', 'two people', 'one person', 'Renault SA', '10,000 people', 'matter', 'company', 'information', 'carveout', 'Ampere', 'overhaul', 'split', 'Zoe', 'Europe', 'Nov.', 'spokesperson', 'heart', 'talks', 'stake', 'agreement', 'time', 'situation', 'points', 'snags', 'Story', 'IPO', 'damper', 'details', 'China', '50%-50% ownership', 'investments', 'France', 'staff', 'separation', 'note', 'Updates', 'background']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12672,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103006393/en/BenevolentAI-to-present-at-Jefferies-Investor-Conference-in-November,BenevolentAI to present at Jefferies Investor Conference in November,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BenevolentAI (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading clinical-stage AI drug discovery company  announces that it will participate at the upcoming Jefferies London Healthcare Conference from 15-17 November. Nick Keher  Chief Financial Off…,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BenevolentAI ​​(Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading clinical-stage AI drug discovery company  announces that it will participate at the upcoming Jefferies London Healthcare Conference from 15-17 November.Nick Keher  Chief Financial Officer of BenevolentAI is scheduled to present at 10.20 AM GMT on Thursday  17 November 2022. The presentation will be live-streamed on the following link  and a recording will be made available shortly after on the Investor Portal of BenevolentAI’s website.BenevolentAI’s management  investor relations and business development team will be attending and available throughout the conference for meetings.About BenevolentAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery and development company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. Through the combined capabilities of its AI platform  scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods. The Benevolent Platform™ powers a growing in-house pipeline of 13 named drug programmes and over 10 exploratory programmes  and it maintains successful collaborations with AstraZeneca  as well as leading research and charitable institutions. BenevolentAI is headquartered in London  with a research facility in Cambridge (UK) and a further office in New York.,neutral,0.3,0.7,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Jefferies Investor Conference', 'BenevolentAI', 'November', 'leading clinical-stage AI drug discovery company', 'leading, clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery', 'upcoming Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'novel drug candidates', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The Benevolent Platform™', 'business development team', 'development company', 'AI platform', 'leading research', 'drug programmes', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Nick Keher', 'following link', 'Investor Portal', 'investor relations', 'combined capabilities', 'scientific expertise', 'wet-lab facilities', 'higher probability', 'clinical success', 'traditional methods', 'growing in', 'house pipeline', '10 exploratory programmes', 'successful collaborations', 'charitable institutions', 'research facility', 'New York', '15-17 November', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', '10.20 AM', 'Thursday', 'presentation', 'recording', 'website', 'management', 'meetings', '13 named', 'AstraZeneca', 'Cambridge', 'UK']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12673,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-liquidity-agreement-070000126.html,Bekaert - Update on the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022 Liquidity agreement In the context of the renewed liquidity agreement with...,BekaertUpdate on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022Liquidity agreementIn the context of the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux  Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 7 700 shares during the period from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 200 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 October 2022 1 600 28.00 28.10 27.90 44 800 28 October 2022 2 000 27.78 27.90 27.60 55 560 31 October 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 1 November 2022 1 980 28.02 28.14 27.82 55 480 2 November 2022 2 120 27.76 27.90 27.60 58 851 Total 7 700 — — — 214 691Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 October 2022 400 28.20 28.20 28.20 11 280 28 October 2022 1 000 27.85 27.90 27.82 27 850 31 October 2022 3 000 28.11 28.14 28.10 84 330 1 November 2022 800 28.40 28.40 28.40 22 720 2 November 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 5 200 — — — 146 180The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 87 771 shares.On 2 November 2022 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 066 690 own shares  or 6.89% of the total number of the outstanding shares.Related press release: 2 September 2022: Bekaert renews existing liquidity contractThis information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.6,0.28,0.12,True,English,"['Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'existing liquidity contract', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Date Number', 'press release', 'Total Amount', 'total number', 'same period', 'outstanding shares', '7 700 shares', '5 200 shares', '87 771 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '27 October', '2 November', 'context', 'behalf', 'tables', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Purchase', '1 November', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'market', 'information', 'website', 'Story', 'Attachment', '4 066 690']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12674,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103006229/en/Innate-Pharma-to-Present-Results-From-a-Preliminary-Analysis-of-the-TELLOMAK-Phase-2-Trial-in-Patients-With-Advanced-Sezary-Syndrome-and-ANKET%E2%84%A2-Platform-at-ASH-2022,Innate Pharma to Present Results From a Preliminary Analysis of the TELLOMAK Phase 2 Trial in Patients With Advanced Sezary Syndrome and ANKET™ Platform at ASH 2022,MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that the following presentations will be presented at the 64th ASH (American Society Hematology) Annual Meeti…,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that the following presentations will be presented at the 64th ASH (American Society Hematology) Annual Meeting taking place from December 10-13  2022  in New Orleans  Louisiana.Lacutamab in patients with advanced Sezary syndrome: results from an interim analysis of the TELLOMAK phase 2 trial Abstract Number: 1631 Session Name: 626. Aggressive Lymphomas: Prospective Therapeutic Trials: Poster I Session Date and Time: Saturday  December 10  2022  5:30 PM - 7:30 PM Location: Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  Hall D Presenter: Dr Pierluigi Porcu  Director  Division of Medical Oncology and Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation  Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals  PhiladelphiaScientific Symposia: Antibody-Based NK Cell Engager Therapeutics Session Title: Biology and Translation of NK Cells Session date and Time: Saturday December 10th  2022  2:00 PM - 3:15 PM Location: Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  293-294 Presenter: Eric Vivier  DVM  PhD  Chief Scientific Officer of Innate PharmaAn open-label  first-in-human  dose-escalation study of SAR443579 administered as single agent by intravenous infusion in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) or high-risk myelodysplasia (HR-MDS) (Sanofi) Abstract Number: 3329 Session Name: 704. Cellular Immunotherapies: Early Phase and Investigational Therapies: Poster II Session Date and Time: Sunday  December 11  2022  6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Location: Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  Hall D Presenter: Anthony Stein  MDThe Novel Trifunctional Anti-BCMA NK Cell Engager SAR’514 Has Potent in-Vitro and in-Vivo Anti-Myeloma Effect through Dual NK Cell Engagement (Sanofi) Abstract Number: 4486 Session Name: 651. Multiple Myeloma and Plasma Cell Dyscrasias: Basic and Translational: Poster III Session Date and Time: Monday  December 12  2022  6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Location: Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  Hall D Presenter: Alexandre Tang  Ph.DThe posters and presentation will be available on the Publications section of innate-pharma.com following the meeting.About Lacutamab:Lacutamab is a first-in-class anti-KIR3DL2 humanized cytotoxicity-inducing antibody that is currently in clinical trials for treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL)  an orphan disease  and peripheral T cell lymphoma (PTCL). Rare cutaneous lymphomas of T lymphocytes has a poor prognosis with few efficacious and safe therapeutic options at advanced stages.KIR3DL2 is an inhibitory receptor of the KIR family  expressed by approximately 65% of patients across all CTCL subtypes and expressed by up 90% of patients with certain aggressive CTCL subtypes  in particular  Sézary syndrome. It is expressed by up to 50% of patients with mycosis fungoides and peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL). It has a restricted expression on normal tissues.Lacutamab is granted European Medicines Agency (EMA) PRIME designation and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory Sézary syndrome who have received at least two prior systemic therapies.About ANKETTM:ANKETTM (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer.This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer. It leverages the advantages of harnessing NK cell effector functions against cancer cells and also provides proliferation and activation signals targeted to NK cells.Our latest innovation  the tetra-specific ANKET molecule  is the first NK cell engager technology to engage activating receptors (NKp46 and CD16)  a tumor antigen and an interleukin-2 receptor (via an IL-2 variant  IL-2v) via a single molecule.About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of Natural Killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.comInformation about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['TELLOMAK Phase 2 Trial', 'Advanced Sezary Syndrome', 'Innate Pharma', 'Preliminary Analysis', 'ANKET™ Platform', 'Results', 'Patients', 'ASH', 'The Novel Trifunctional Anti-BCMA NK Cell Engager', 'Antibody-Based NK Cell Engager Therapeutics Session Title', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'first NK cell engager technology', 'global, clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company', 'class anti-KIR3DL2 humanized cytotoxicity-inducing antibody', 'Dual NK Cell Engagement', 'NK cell effector functions', 'Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation', 'Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'Natural Killer cell biology', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'two prior systemic therapies', 'high unmet medical need', 'Poster I Session Date', 'Poster II Session Date', 'Poster III Session Date', 'refractory Sézary syndrome', 'peripheral T cell lymphoma', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'NK) cell engagers', 'Plasma Cell Dyscrasias', 'peripheral T-cell lymphoma', 'cutaneous T-cell lymphoma', 'Dr Pierluigi Porcu', 'Philadelphia Scientific Symposia', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'advanced Sezary syndrome', 'safe therapeutic options', 'TELLOMAK phase 2 trial', 'Rare cutaneous lymphomas', 'Fast Track designation', 'tetra-specific ANKET molecule', 'diversified proprietary portfolio', 'Hall D Presenter', 'Prospective Therapeutic Trials', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'aggressive CTCL subtypes', 'NK Cells', 'purpose technology', 'antibody engineering', 'Session Name', 'Aggressive Lymphomas', 'Medical Oncology', 'lymphoblastic leukemia', 'Investigational Therapies', 'T lymphocytes', 'new class', 'class clinical', 'Ph.D', 'Early Phase', 'clinical trials', 'advanced stages', 'PRIME designation', 'proprietary platform', 'single molecule', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'following presentations', '64th ASH', 'New Orleans', 'interim analysis', 'Abstract Number', 'Eric Vivier', 'dose-escalation study', 'single agent', 'intravenous infusion', 'R/R AML', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'Cellular Immunotherapies', 'Anthony Stein', 'Has Potent', 'Vivo Anti-Myeloma', 'Multiple Myeloma', 'Alexandre Tang', 'Publications section', 'innate-pharma.com', 'orphan disease', 'poor prognosis', 'inhibitory receptor', 'KIR family', 'mycosis fungoides', 'restricted expression', 'normal tissues', 'Drug Administration', 'synthetic immunity', 'activation signals', 'latest innovation', 'activating receptors', 'tumor antigen', 'interleukin-2 receptor', 'IL-2 variant', 'clinical outcomes', 'immune system', 'broad pipeline', 'preclinical candidates', 'tumor microenvironment', 'innovative approach', 'major alliances', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'multi-products collaboration', 'US Food', 'US office', 'cancer cells', 'Saturday December', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'place', 'Louisiana', 'Lacutamab', 'patients', 'results', 'Time', '5:30 PM', 'Location', 'Director', 'Division', 'Translation', '3:15 PM', 'DVM', 'PhD', 'open', 'label', 'SAR443579', 'relapsed', 'B-cell', 'B-ALL', 'HR-MDS', 'Sanofi', 'Sunday', 'Vitro', 'Monday', '6:00 PM', '8:00 PM', 'posters', 'meeting', 'treatment', 'PTCL', 'efficacious', 'FDA', 'ANKETTM', 'molecules', 'advantages', 'proliferation', 'NKp46', 'CD', 'several', 'cancers', 'pioneer', 'understanding', 'expertise', 'tumor-antigens', 'leaders', 'AstraZeneca', 'Rockville', '7:30', '2:00']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12675,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-180000324.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Negma Group has converted 120 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital ...,Oxurion NVNegma Group has converted 120 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 4  2022 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 15 000 000 new ordinary shares on November 2  2022  for a total amount of EUR 300 000  as the result of the conversion of 120 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 92 825 765 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 77 825 765 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 72 656 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 92 825 765 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 92 825 765 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 719 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 719 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);1 007 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 007 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);550 000 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 550 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);725 749 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 725 749 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);940 convertible bonds issued on September 5  2022  and 21 October 2022  entitling their holder (Negma Group) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group on August 26  2021  and the addendum thereto dated September 2  2022; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDStory continuesAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021 and Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.07,0.63,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1', '120 class B convertible bonds', 'eye drug candidate', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'EUR 300,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '15,000,000 new ordinary shares', '92,825,765 outstanding ordinary shares', '77,825,765 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Israel) L.P.', 'Share capital', '120 convertible bonds', '940 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'regulated market', 'new information', 'Negma Group', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'voting rights', '719,500 subscription rights', 'total number', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'various risks', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'back', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'denominator', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', '21 October', 'terms', 'August', 'addendum', 'UK', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'Story', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12676,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/societe-generale-availability-third-amendment-170600510.html,Societe Generale: Availability of the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document,PRESS RELEASERegulated information Paris  4 November 2022  6 pm Availability of the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document Societe...,Société GénéralePRESS RELEASERegulated informationParis  4 November 2022  6 pmAvailability of the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration DocumentSociete Generale hereby informs the public that the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed on 9th March 2022 under number D.22-0080  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 4th November 2022 under number D-22-0080-A03.This document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking which encompasses the Societe Generale  Credit du Nord and Boursorama brands. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;Story continuesInternational Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services   with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website www.societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Societe Generale', 'third amendment', 'Availability', 'Société Générale', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'French Retail Banking', 'Credit du Nord', 'key international locations', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'integrated banking model', '25 million individual clients', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'financial strength', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'specialised businesses', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'third amendment', 'Societe Generale', '9th March', 'Press contact', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'Boursorama brands', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'Regulated information', '4th November', 'investors.societegenerale', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'The Group', 'digital innovation', 'Eastern Europe', '4 November', 'Paris', 'Availability', 'public', 'number', 'AMF', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-information', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Story', 'Insurance', 'networks', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12677,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-declaration-number-171000035.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2022,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 4  2022 Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2022 Dassault...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 4  2022Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of October 31  2022Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2022  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 334 574 999Number of voting rights*: 2 000 650 345*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investors Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comStory continues© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.49,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'October', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'des marchés financiers', 'virtual twin experiences', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Investors Relations Service', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'total number', 'other countries', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'November', 'Declaration', 'October', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Contacts', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'Story', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12678,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-175100278.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  November 4  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  November 4  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)26/10/2022 EXM 2 550 196.6770 501 526.35 27/10/2022 EXM 2 540 197.9263 502 732.80 28/10/2022 EXM 2 500 196.9065 492 266.25 31/10/2022 EXM 2 540 197.7513 502 288.30 01/11/2022 EXM 2 504 200.7748 502 740.10 02/11/2022 EXM 2 549 197.2148 502 700.53 03/11/2022 EXM 4 071 194.7716 792 915.18Total- 19 254 197.2146 3 797 169.51Since the announcement of such First Tranche till November 3  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 110 738 872.01 for No. 574 120 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 19 368 214.33 (Euro 19 686 561.33*) for No. 101 968 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of November 3  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 11 741 198 common shares equal to 4.57% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', '150 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 574,120 common shares', 'No. 101,968 common shares', 'share capital', '741,198 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'initial tranche', 'First Tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Trading Date', 'Stock Exchange', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'June', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'Consideration', '22 EXM', 'Total', 'announcement', 'November', 'transactions', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12679,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221104005231/en/Societe-Generale-CEO-Interview---Q3-2022-Results-Video,Societe Generale CEO Interview - Q3 2022 Results (Video),PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Societe Generale  one of the largest European financial services groups  reports results for the third quarter of 2022. CEO Frédéric Oudéa comments on the Group’s results. Watch video interview and read transcript: https://www.eurobusi…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Societe Generale  one of the largest European financial services groups  reports results for the third quarter of 2022. CEO Frédéric Oudéa comments on the Group’s results.Watch video interview and read transcript:https://www.eurobusinessmedia.com/video/q3-2022-results/Topics covered in the interview include:Q3 2022 results reviewBusiness lines trendsStrategic outlook and PrioritiesSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking which encompasses the Societe Generale  Credit du Nord and Boursorama brands. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;which encompasses the Societe Generale  Credit du Nord and Boursorama brands. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation; International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website www.societegenerale.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Societe Generale CEO Interview', 'Q3 2022 Results', 'Video', 'CEO Frédéric Oudéa', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'largest European financial services groups', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'Credit du Nord', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'Business lines trends', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', '25 million individual clients', 'Q3 2022 results review', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'financial strength', 'advisory services', 'integrated solutions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Investor Solutions', 'specialised businesses', 'Societe Generale', 'third quarter', 'Strategic outlook', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'Boursorama brands', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'digital innovation', 'video interview', 'The Group', 'Eastern Europe', 'PARIS', 'transcript', 'eurobusinessmedia', 'Topics', 'Priorities', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Insurance', 'networks', 'Africa', 'Central', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'information', 'Twitter', 'societegenerale', 'website']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,businesswire.com
12680,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-193000317.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Tender Offer to Purchase $25 000 000 of Tetragon Non‑Voting Shares,Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tender offer to purchase a portion of its outstanding non-voting shares for a maximum aggregate payment of...,"LONDON  Nov. 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tender offer to purchase a portion of its outstanding non-voting shares for a maximum aggregate payment of $25 000 000 in cash. The tender offer  which was initially announced by Tetragon on 27 October 2022  will be conducted as a ""modified Dutch auction"" with shareholders able to tender their Tetragon non-voting shares at prices ranging from and including $8.50 up to and including $10.25 per share. The tender offer is expected to expire at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 7 December 2022  unless extended or terminated earlier. J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its U.K. investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) will act as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC will act as tender agent for the tender offer.Eligible shareholders will be able to indicate how many Tetragon non-voting shares and at what price or prices within the specified range they wish to tender. Based on the number of shares tendered and the prices specified by the tendering shareholders  J.P. Morgan  as dealer manager  will determine the lowest price per share within the range that will enable Tetragon to purchase $25 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares  or a lower amount if the tender offer is not fully subscribed. All shares purchased by Tetragon in the tender offer will be purchased at the same price. If  based on the determined purchase price  more than $25 000 000 in value of shares are properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  valid tenders made below the determined purchase price are expected to be accepted in full  except in the limited circumstances described below  while valid tenders made at the determined purchase price will be subject to proration. However  if the pro rata reduction of the number of shares eligible to be purchased at the determined purchase price is insufficient to reduce the value of the shares to be purchased to $25 000 000  then none of the shares tendered at the determined purchase price will be purchased  and instead there will be a pro rata reduction in the purchase of shares tendered at the next highest price below the determined purchase price to the extent necessary to reduce the value of shares purchased to $25 000 000. The determined purchase price  as well as the proration factor (if applicable)  is expected to be announced on or about 9 December 2022  and Tetragon expects the purchase of shares in the tender offer would be settled promptly thereafter.Story continuesThe tender offer is not conditioned upon the receipt of any minimum number of shares being tendered.This release is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to buy nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of Tetragon. The full details of the tender offer  including complete instructions on how to tender shares  are included in the offer to purchase which is available on Tetragon's website at the following URL:http://www.tetragoninv.com/investors/share-repurchases/2022Shareholders should read carefully the offer to purchase because it contains important information. Shareholders may obtain electronic copies of this document free of charge by calling Computershare at +44 37 0707 4040. Shareholders are urged to read these materials carefully prior to making any decision with respect to the tender offer.Contacts:Computershare: +44 37 0707 4040About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.comUnited States United Kingdom Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251Forward-Looking Statements:This press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are made based upon Tetragon's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Tetragon and therefore involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and Tetragon's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity may differ materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the day they are made and Tetragon does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements unless required by law.This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU) (""EU MAR"") and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.ANY DECISION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE TENDER OFFER SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY AN ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER OF TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS ANNOUNCEMENT OR TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE CLOSING DATE.In the United Kingdom  this announcement is being distributed to  and is directed at  only (a) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of ""investment professionals"" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended; (b) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005; or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in an investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the tender offer may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The tender offer is available only to relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents. Persons distributing this announcement must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-tender-offer-to-purchase-25-000-000-of-tetragon-nonvoting-shares-301669299.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.24,0.56,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tetragon Non‑Voting Shares', 'Tender Offer', 'United Kingdom Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'U.K. investment banking business', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'many Tetragon non-voting shares', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'pro rata reduction', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'next highest price', 'closed-ended investment company', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'United States', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'determined purchase price', 'distressed securities', 'investment objective', 'lowest price', 'same price', 'Dutch auction', 'dealer manager', 'tender agent', 'lower amount', 'valid tenders', 'limited circumstances', 'informational purposes', 'full details', 'complete instructions', 'following URL', 'electronic copies', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'tender offer', 'structured credit', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'various credit', 'proration factor', 'important information', 'stable returns', 'press release', 'Eligible shareholders', 'tendering shareholders', 'minimum number', 'broad range', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'portion', 'cash', '27 October', 'prices', '7 December', 'value', 'none', 'extent', '9 December', 'Story', 'receipt', 'solicitation', 'website', 'investors', 'repurchases', 'document', 'charge', 'materials', 'decision', 'respect', 'Contacts', 'assets', 'public', 'infrastructure', 'order', 'equity', 'inflation', 'matters', 'expectations', 'beliefs', '11:59', '+44']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12681,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548486/0/en/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-THIRD-QUARTER-RESULTS-2022.html,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: THIRD QUARTER RESULTS 2022,Date: 4 November 2022            Release: Before opening of Euronext            Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:...,Date: 4 November 2022            Release: Before opening of Euronext            Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'THIRD QUARTER RESULTS', 'following link', 'full report', 'Date', '4 November', 'Release', 'opening', 'Euronext', 'annexes']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12682,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/azerion-combine-q3-2022-results-070000898.html,Azerion to combine Q3 2022 results with Strategy Deep Dive,Amsterdam  04 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced that it plans to combine its Q3 2022 interim results with a Strategy Deep Dive presentation on 30 ...,Azerion Group NVAmsterdam  04 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced that it plans to combine its Q3 2022 interim results with a Strategy Deep Dive presentation on 30 November 2022. The Strategy Deep Dive will cover Azerion’s vision  business model  growth strategy  products and technology.Atilla Aytekin  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “We are delighted to invite investors  research analysts  journalists as well as our customers and partners to our Strategy Deep Dive. Since our listing early in 2022  we have been extensively engaging with the market and it became clear that our stakeholders would welcome more insight into our vision and strategy. We expect that this event will pave the way for more engagement with the capital markets  as we consider our options to fund our next phase of acquisitions and growth.”Over the years  Azerion has set a solid strategy and continues to grow both organically and through M&A. Azerion has also significantly strengthened its business model  while taking steps to increase its financial resilience.The Strategy Deep Dive will consist of an online webcast  with a presentation from members of Azerion’s leadership team  followed by Q&A. The whole event is expected to last from 14:00 to 16:00 CET on 30 November 2022. Registrations are open via www.azerion.com/investors .Contact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comAbout AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com .DISCLAIMERStory continuesThe companies in which Azerion Group N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Azerion”  “Azerion Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them.This press release is for information purposes only. The information contained in this press release does not purport to be full or complete and  in particular  is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Azerion will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided.This press release may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as believes  estimates  plans  projects  anticipates  expects  intends  may  will  should or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause the actual results of Azerion to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements reflect Azerion's current views and assumptions based on information currently available to Azerion's management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and Azerion does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realised. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements will come to pass or that any estimated result will be achieved. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['Strategy Deep Dive', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Azerion', 'The Strategy Deep Dive', 'Strategy Deep Dive presentation', 'Azerion Group N.V.', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'separate legal entities', 'Q3 2022 interim results', 'campaign management teams', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'Azerion Group NV', 'other similar words', 'M&A. Azerion', 'solid strategy', 'growth strategy', 'Q&A.', 'entertainment content', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future results', 'digital publishers', 'digital advertising', 'business model', 'Atilla Aytekin', 'research analysts', 'capital markets', 'next phase', 'financial resilience', 'online webcast', 'leadership team', 'Investor Relations', 'game creators', 'integrated platform', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'press release', 'investment decision', 'historical facts', 'current views', 'forward-looking statements', 'media platform', 'media buyers', 'organic growth', 'content-driven, technology', 'data company', 'technology solutions', 'market sales', 'strategic acquisitions', 'undue reliance', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'information purposes', '04 November', '30 November', 'vision', 'products', 'CEO', 'investors', 'journalists', 'customers', 'partners', 'listing', 'stakeholders', 'insight', 'event', 'way', 'engagement', 'options', 'years', 'steps', 'members', '16:00 CET', 'Registrations', 'Contact', 'consumers', 'advertisers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'DISCLAIMER', 'Story', 'companies', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'basis', 'person', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'expressions', 'believes', 'estimates', 'plans', 'projects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'assurances', 'representation', 'warranty', 'estimated', '14:00']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12683,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-third-quarter-063000089.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: third-quarter trading update,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  4 November 2022 Strong quarterly result in line with first two quarters of 2022Net AuM inflows at Private...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  4 November 2022St rong quarterly result in line with first two quarters of 2022Net AuM inflows at Private Clients: € 0 . 4 billion ( YTD : € 1.8 billion) and at Wholesale & Institutional Clients: € 0 . 2 billion (YTD: €3.7 billion)Client assets : € 115 . 3 billion ( end of June 2022 : € 1 18 . 5 billion ) and AuM : € 96 . 2 billion ( end of June 2022 : € 99 . 6 billion )   in the wake of a negative market performanceVery strong capital ratio of 19.2%  after planned capital return of €1.50 per share (end of June 2022: 20.2%)Jeroen Kroes  Van Lanschot Kempen’s Chief Financial Officer  said: “The third quarter saw financial market turbulence continue. In our outreach to private banking clients as their trusted advisers  we find that they wish to stay invested.“We notched up solid commercial developments in the third quarter of 2022. Total net inflows in assets under management worked out at €0.6 billion in the quarter. Drawing on our combined expertise in private banking  investment management and investment banking  we are further enhancing our product offering  a case in point being the launch of our Private Real Estate Pool in the quarter. This fund makes investment in non-listed real estate more accessible for private clients in a way that suits their needs.“New clients also found their way to our door  including BPF Schilders  a Dutch pension fund with invested assets of over €8 billion and more than 100 000 members  which appointed us as their fiduciary manager. The mandate will get underway in the fourth quarter of 2022.”Total client assets and assets under management (AuM) were pushed down by a negative market performance in the quarter and ended up at €115.3 billion (end of June: €118.5 billion) and €96.2 billion (end of June: €99.6 billion) respectively. Client savings rose to €12.3 billion (end of June 2022: €11.9 billion). The total loan portfolio remained stable at €9.1 billion  with mortgage loans accounting for €6.7 billion. The mortgage portfolio showed a decline in the number of remortgaged and new loans  in line with the market. Van Lanschot Kempen’s mortgage portfolio comprises Dutch residential mortgage loans with a low risk profile  as evidenced by its low loan-to-value.Story continuesFor Investment Banking Clients  the third quarter was a good one  and commission income continued to shift from capital market transactions to M&A and debt advice  in line with the first six months of the year.Collaboration between Van Lanschot Belgium and Mercier Vanderlinden is proceeding smoothly. Mercier Vanderlinden’s clients have been using Van Lanschot Kempen’s custodial services since October.Van Lanschot Kempen’s capital position remains very strong at a CET 1 ratio of 19.2% (end of June 2022: 20.2%). The lower ratio includes the planned capital return of €1.50 per share. Even stripped of the capital return  the capital ratio remains well above Van Lanschot Kempen’s objective as issued in May  of 15% plus an add-on of 2.5% for acquisitions.FINANCIAL CALENDAR22 December 2022 Capital return payment date23 February 2023 Publication of 2022 annual resultsMedia Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is a wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimer and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ significantly from these forward-looking statements.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.The figures in this press release have not been audited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding. Percentages are calculated based on unrounded figures.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way orsubscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.13,0.53,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'third-quarter trading update', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'St rong quarterly result', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', '2022 annual results Media Relations', 'Private Real Estate Pool', 'Capital return payment date', 'Dutch residential mortgage loans', 'listed real estate', 'Van Lanschot Belgium', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'first two quarters', 'financial market turbulence', 'Total net inflows', 'first six months', 'open architecture platform', 'positive long-term financial', 'Dutch pension fund', 'low risk profile', 'negative market performance', 'capital market transactions', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'total loan portfolio', 'strong capital ratio', 'Net AuM inflows', 'solid commercial developments', 'Total client assets', 'private banking clients', 'Investment Banking Clients', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'low loan', 'custodial services', 'Investor Relations', 'Actual results', 'mortgage portfolio', 'new loans', 'negative impact', 'capital position', 'long-term focus', 'fiduciary manager', 'Client savings', 'Private Clients', 'CET 1 ratio', 'lower ratio', 'investment management', 'Jeroen Kroes', 'trusted advisers', 'product offering', 'BPF Schilders', 'good one', 'commission income', 'M&A', 'debt advice', 'Mercier Vanderlinden', 'entire group', 'full range', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'future events', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'sustainable way', 'Institutional Clients', 'New clients', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'combined expertise', 'non-financial value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'unknown risks', 'Hertogenbosch', 'line', 'YTD', 'Wholesale', 'June', 'wake', 'share', 'outreach', 'case', 'point', 'launch', 'needs', 'door', '100,000 members', 'mandate', 'number', 'remortgaged', 'Story', 'year', 'Collaboration', 'October', 'objective', 'May', 'add-on', 'acquisitions', 'December', '23 February', 'Publication', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'society', 'part', 'stakeholders', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'information', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'performances', 'circumstances', '4']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12684,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jeep-brand-announces-unprecedented-overlanding-170100963.html,The Jeep® Brand Announces Unprecedented Overlanding Trailer Co-Launch With ADDAX Overland™,●The Jeep Branded Edition's groundbreaking build is rugged  lightweight and compact enough to follow a Jeep Trail-Rated® vehicle over the most demanding...,"●The Jeep Branded Edition's groundbreaking build is rugged  lightweight and compact enough to follow a Jeep Trail-Rated® vehicle over the most demanding terrain—all without compromising a Jeep brand vehicle's signature stability and efficiency.●Off-roading enthusiasts and Jeep brand loyalists will be able to sneak peek the Jeep Branded Edition at SEMA's New Product Showcase  Overlanding Exhibit and Booth 60119 through November 4  2022.Jeep Branded® Edition Overland Trailer by ADDAX™Jeep Branded® Edition Overland Trailer by ADDAX™LAS VEGAS  Nov. 04  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Jeep® brand and ADDAX OverlandTM are proud to launch the Jeep Branded Edition by ADDAX Overland Trailer.Inspired by the U.S. military's all-but-indestructible surveillance trailers  and engineered by the team that set a world land speed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats  the Jeep Branded Edition has set the new benchmark for off-road overlanding performance  capability and comfort.Boasting an unprecedented dry weight of just 850 pounds  Jeep adventure seekers can now tow a 1 200 pound payload up previously unfathomable terrain—all without compromising a Jeep brand vehicle's signature stability and efficiency. The Jeep Branded Edition's high-strength  lightweight engineering makes it the perfect companion for technical rock climbers and beginner off-roaders alike. And thanks to the Jeep Branded Edition's foldable tongue and compact 5-foot-by-6 foot dimensions  even those adventurers with limited garage space can always be ready to get off the grid.The Jeep Branded Edition's independent torsion axle trailer suspension system provides an aggressive 17 inches of ground clearance for maximum maneuverability  control and comfort. And the 3/16 inch military-grade steel chassis and 14-gauge steel body are seamlessly bent instead of welded to deliver industry-leading durability. The Jeep Branded Edition comes standard with a robust 35 cubic square feet of storage; four 8 000 pound stabilizing corner jacks; a foldable tongue; an articulating hitch; a rear receiver hitch and a heavy-duty  custom rack for endless mounting possibilities.Story continues""We are proud to have earned the Jeep brand's trust by creating a trailer that can conquer any terrain"" says ADDAX CEO Kirk Jowers. ""We are excited to continue to engage with Jeep in engineering the most innovative and comprehensive line of overlanding products for the Jeep brand's loyal community.""""Together with the team at ADDAX  we are excited to announce the co-launch of the most cutting-edge overland trailer on the planet "" said Jim Morrison  senior vice president and head of Jeep Brand North America. ""The Jeep Branded Edition by ADDAX can truly follow a Jeep Trail-Rated® vehicle anywhere and demonstrates the Jeep Brand's commitment to empowering our community with the gold standard in overlanding performance. Thanks to the Jeep Branded Edition  adventurers can now enjoy the most beautiful and remote places on Earth even longer.""Off-roading enthusiasts and Jeep brand loyalists will be able to secure a sneak peek of the Jeep Branded Edition by ADDAX at SEMA's New Product Showcase  Overlanding Exhibit and Booth 60119 during Nov. 1-4  2022.MOPAR  JEEP  DODGE  HEMI  PLYMOUTH  RAM  SRT  CHRYSLER and related logos  vehicle model names and trade dress are trademarks of FCA US LLC and used under license by ADDAX Overland  LLC.About ADDAX OverlandBuilt upon a combined 60 years of off-road industry chops  ADDAX Overland is proud to create the world's most rugged  reliable  and trailblazing overlanding trailers. Our innovative spirit secured a world land speed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats. And our thirst for open-air freedom drives our uncompromising pursuit of the ultimate in overlanding performance. We're based in the backyard of Moab  Utah—Jeep's home away from home—and we pride ourselves in pushing our trailers to the limit on the iconic red-rock terrain. Forged in the U.S.A. Tested in Hell.™Jeep BrandBuilt on 80 years of legendary heritage  Jeep is the authentic SUV brand that brings capability  craftsmanship and versatility to people who seek extraordinary journeys. The Jeep brand delivers an open invitation to live life to the fullest by offering a broad portfolio of vehicles that continues to provide owners with a sense of security to handle any journey with confidence. The Jeep vehicle range consists of the Gladiator  Grand Cherokee and Wrangler. The legendary Jeep brand's off-road capability is now being enhanced by a global electrification initiative  that is transforming 4xe into new 4x4 in pursuit of the brand's vision of accomplishing Zero Emission Freedom. A fully electric Jeep 4xe will be offered in every SUV segment by 2025.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves - aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.MOPAR  JEEP  DODGE  HEMI  PLYMOUTH  RAM  SRT  CHRYSLER and related logos  vehicle model names and trade dress are trademarks of FCA US LLC and used under license by ADDAX Overland LLC.Contact Information:Ellesse BalliCMOellesse@addaxoverland.com801-694-2009Robin JamesGlobal Licensing Managerrobin.freedjames@stellantis.com248-914-5011Related ImagesImage 1: Jeep Branded® Edition Overland Trailer by ADDAX™The Jeep Branded Edition Overland Trailer by ADDAX sets up camp in the Uintas.This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.19,0.16,True,English,"['The Jeep® Brand', 'Unprecedented Overlanding Trailer', 'ADDAX', 'independent torsion axle trailer suspension system', '3/16 inch military-grade steel chassis', 'Jeep Branded® Edition Overland Trailer', 'robust 35 cubic square feet', 'world land speed record', 'The Jeep Branded Edition', 'ADDAX CEO Kirk Jowers', 'ultimate in overlanding performance', 'Jeep Brand North America', 'The Jeep vehicle range', 'cutting-edge overland trailer', '14-gauge steel body', 'vehicle model names', 'Jeep Trail-Rated® vehicle', 'The Jeep® brand', 'U.S. military', 'Bonneville Salt Flats', 'unprecedented dry weight', 'high-strength, lightweight engineering', 'technical rock climbers', 'limited garage space', 'heavy-duty, custom rack', 'endless mounting possibilities', 'senior vice president', 'off-road industry chops', 'U.S.A.', 'global electrification initiative', 'Jeep adventure seekers', 'ADDAX Overland Trailer', 'Jeep brand vehicle', 'Jeep brand loyalists', 'New Product Showcase', 'rear receiver hitch', 'Zero Emission Freedom', 'indestructible surveillance trailers', 'road overlanding performance', 'authentic SUV brand', 'legendary Jeep brand', 'FCA US LLC', 'trailblazing overlanding trailers', 'electric Jeep 4xe', 'iconic red-rock terrain', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'overlanding products', 'new benchmark', 'articulating hitch', 'open-air freedom', 'legendary heritage', 'new 4x4', 'SUV segment', 'iconic brands', 'Citroën', 'Overlanding Exhibit', 'groundbreaking build', 'demanding terrain', 'signature stability', 'Off-roading enthusiasts', 'LAS VEGAS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '1,200 pound payload', 'foldable tongue', 'aggressive 17 inches', 'ground clearance', 'maximum maneuverability', 'industry-leading durability', 'four 8,000 pound', 'corner jacks', 'comprehensive line', 'Jim Morrison', 'gold standard', 'remote places', 'sneak peek', 'related logos', 'trade dress', 'extraordinary journeys', 'open invitation', 'broad portfolio', 'Grand Cherokee', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'mobility provider', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'road capability', 'ADDAX OverlandTM', 'innovative spirit', 'innovative products', 'loyal community', 'uncompromising pursuit', 'ADDAX™', 'efficiency', 'SEMA', 'Booth', 'November', 'team', 'comfort', '850 pounds', 'companion', 'beginner', 'roaders', 'adventurers', 'grid', 'control', 'storage', 'Story', 'trust', 'launch', 'planet', 'head', 'commitment', 'beautiful', 'Earth', 'Nov.', 'MOPAR', 'DODGE', 'HEMI', 'PLYMOUTH', 'RAM', 'SRT', 'CHRYSLER', 'trademarks', 'license', '60 years', 'thirst', 'backyard', 'Moab', 'Utah', 'home', 'Hell', '80 years', 'craftsmanship', 'versatility', 'people', 'life', 'vehicles', 'owners', 'sense', 'security', 'confidence', 'Gladiator', 'Wrangler', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12685,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000083.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.1167 £ 24.6608 Estimated MTD return -0.11 % -0.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.71 % -2.55 % Estimated ITD return 181.17 % 146.61 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 950.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.93 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 900 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 308 114 130 254 Held in treasury 8 474 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.5063 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5499The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.19,0.65,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12686,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000698.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.1167 £ 24.6608 Estimated MTD return -0.11 % -0.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.71 % -2.55 % Estimated ITD return 181.17 % 146.61 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 950.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.93 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 900 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 308 114 130 254 Held in treasury 8 474 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.5063 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5499The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.19,0.65,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12687,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-ltd-gbp-170000830.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (GBP): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Story continuesShareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'GBP', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'BG Fund Plc', 'collective investment scheme', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'custodian bank', 'The Company', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'Story', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12688,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-ltd-eur-170000075.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Story continuesShareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'EUR', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'BG Fund Plc', 'collective investment scheme', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'custodian bank', 'The Company', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'BOUSSARD', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'Story', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'authorised', 'article', 'conjunction', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12689,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549019/0/en/Fahd-Khadraoui-appointed-Chief-Executive-Officer-of-the-Company.html,Fahd Khadraoui appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company,Charenton-le-Pont  4 November 2022                                      Fahd......,English FrenchCharenton-le-Pont  4 November 2022Fahd Khadraoui appointed Chief Executive Officer of the CompanyMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) announces that Mr Fahd Khadraoui has been appointed as of today Chief Executive Officer. He replaces Andrew Highcock who leaves the group to pursue new projects.The Board of Directors is grateful for the achievements accomplished by Mr. Andrew Highcock since he joined the Group in October 2018.Present alongside the Company and Group management since 2019 as Director of Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions and Corporate Secretary  Mr Fahd Khadraoui  a graduate of Ecole Centrale Lyon  thus benefits from an excellent knowledge of the Group and the wine and spirits market. He is ideally positioned to take on the role of CEO. Under his leadership  the Group's Executive Committee will continue to improve profitability and implement a growth strategy.Contact Investor relations and shareholdersGroupe MBWSEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTél : +33 1 43 91 62 40 Contact PresseImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTél : +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'Fahd Khadraoui', 'Company', 'Ecole Centrale Lyon', 'EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index', 'Maison Marie Brizard', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Mr Fahd Khadraoui', 'Mr. Andrew Highcock', 'shareholders Groupe MBWS', 'Executive Committee', 'English French', 'new projects', 'The Board', 'Corporate Secretary', 'excellent knowledge', 'Investor relations', 'Tél', 'Claire Doligez', 'Laurence Maury', 'United States', 'long tradition', 'rich portfolio', 'market segments', 'William Peel', 'Cognac Gautier', 'Compartment B', 'Group management', 'growth strategy', 'Emilie Drexler', 'Contact Presse', 'innovative spirit', 'trusted brands', 'The Group', 'leading brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'spirits market', 'Image Sept', 'spirits group', 'Charenton-le-Pont', 'Company', 'today', 'Directors', 'achievements', 'October', 'Mergers', 'Acquisitions', 'graduate', 'role', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'profitability', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'combination', 'birth', 'modernity', 'origins', 'customers', 'bold', 'flavour', 'experiences', 'Sobieski', 'Attachment', '4']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12690,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549020/0/en/MBWS-Information-on-the-financial-terms-regarding-the-termination-of-the-functions-of-Mr-Andrew-Highcock-as-Chief-Executive-Officer-of-the-Company.html,MBWS - Information on the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits(the « Company »)  Information on the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock...,English FrenchMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits(the « Company »)Information on the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock as Chief Executive Officer of the CompanyMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) discloses  in accordance with the recommendations of the 2018 AMF report on corporate governance and the remuneration of executives of listed companies  the information relating to the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock as Chief Executive Officer  which were approved by the Board of Directors on November 4  2022  on the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee which met the same day.Severance packageThe Company has committed to pay  in the event of the departure of the Chief Executive Officer  a compensation equal to the average gross remuneration  the variable remuneration and the relocation bonus that the latter received during the last 6 months preceding the date of departure. The benefit of this severance compensation is subject to the achievement of performance criteria to be assessed by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors having noted the achievement of the said performance criteria  Mr. Andrew Highcock's severance package will amount to €394 860  before taxes.In accordance with the legal regulations in effect  the payment of this severance package remains subject to the approval of the next General Meeting of Shareholders.2. Non-compet ition obligationThe Board of Directors of November 4  2022  decided to release Mr. Andrew Highcock from his non-competition obligation.Investor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 21 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Mr. Andrew Highcock', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'financial terms', 'MBWS', 'Information', 'termination', 'functions', 'Company', 'Mr. Andrew Highcock', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next General Meeting', 'EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index', 'Maison Marie Brizard', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Non-compet ition obligation', 'shareholder relations contact', 'average gross remuneration', 'competition obligation', 'Press contact', 'English French', 'financial terms', '2018 AMF report', 'corporate governance', 'listed companies', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Severance package', 'variable remuneration', 'relocation bonus', 'last 6 months', 'performance criteria', 'legal regulations', 'Claire Doligez', 'Laurence Maury', 'United States', 'long tradition', 'rich portfolio', 'market segments', 'William Peel', 'Cognac Gautier', 'Compartment B', 'severance compensation', 'Emilie Drexler', 'Image Sept', 'innovative spirit', 'trusted brands', 'The Group', 'leading brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'MBWS Group', 'spirits group', 'Company', 'Information', 'termination', 'functions', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'executives', 'Board', 'Directors', 'November', 'same', 'event', 'departure', 'latter', 'date', 'benefit', 'achievement', 'taxes', 'effect', 'payment', 'approval', 'Shareholders', 'Investor', 'Tel.', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'combination', 'birth', 'modernity', 'origins', 'customers', 'bold', 'flavour', 'experiences', 'Sobieski', 'Attachment', '53']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12691,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549018/0/en/Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  4 November 2022  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital   (Article L.233-8 II of the French...,French EnglishNanterre  4 November 2022Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 ofthe General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85DateNumber of sharesTotal number of voting rights (theoretical) (1)31 October 2022197 089 340199 902 051(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds: yesAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'French Commercial Code', 'French English', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Total number', 'Nanterre', '4 November', 'shares', 'Article', 'Date', 'October', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12692,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549025/0/en/FERRARI-N-V-PERIODIC-REPORT-ON-THE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  November 4  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year shar…,Maranello (Italy)  November 4  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)26/10/2022 EXM 2 550 196.6770 501 526.35 27/10/2022 EXM 2 540 197.9263 502 732.80 28/10/2022 EXM 2 500 196.9065 492 266.25 31/10/2022 EXM 2 540 197.7513 502 288.30 01/11/2022 EXM 2 504 200.7748 502 740.10 02/11/2022 EXM 2 549 197.2148 502 700.53 03/11/2022 EXM 4 071 194.7716 792 915.18Total- 19 254 197.2146 3 797 169.51Since the announcement of such First Tranche till November 3  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 110 738 872.01 for No. 574 120 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 19 368 214.33 (Euro 19 686 561.33*) for No. 101 968 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of November 3  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 11 741 198 common shares equal to 4.57% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', '150 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 574,120 common shares', 'No. 101,968 common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'share capital', '741,198 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'initial tranche', 'First Tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Trading Date', 'Stock Exchange', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'June', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'Consideration', '22 EXM', 'Total', 'announcement', 'November', 'transactions', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12693,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549031/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Fidelity-Management-Research-Company-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 4  2022 – 7 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today an…,English DutchLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 4  2022 – 7 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notification following the issuance of new shares pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Oxurion received a transparency notification from Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  indicating that by virtue of a downward passive crossing of a threshold  its 3 128 819 common shares have crossed below the 5% threshold.Content of the Fidelity NotificationReason of the notificationPassive crossing of a thresholdNotifications byA parent undertaking or a controlling personThreshold that is crossed5%Denominator66 675 765Notified detailsSee Annex 1Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively heldFidelity Management & Research Company LLC is controlled by FMR LLC.FMR LLC is not a controlled entityAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comANNEX 1B) Equivalent financial instruments After the transactionHolders of equivalent financial instrumentsType of financial instrumentExpiration dateExercise period or date# of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised% of voting rightsSettlement Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC Stock Loan 90 401 0.14% physical + TOTAL 90 401 0.14%TOTAL (A & B)# of voting rights% of voting rights CALCULATE 3 128 819 4.69%________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.09,0.61,True,English,"['Research Company LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Fidelity Management', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Research Company LLC Stock Loan', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Equivalent financial instruments', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'potential new standard', 'English Dutch Leuven', 'clinical stage assets', 'downward passive crossing', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Settlement Fidelity Management', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'FMR LLC', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'new shares', 'new information', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Capital Commitment', 'Negma Group', '3,128,819 common shares', 'Fidelity Notification', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'Conway Communications', 'Beth Kurth', 'Exercise period', 'voting rights', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'Annex 1 Chain', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'other reason', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'Expiration date', 'Oxurion NV', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', 'issuance', 'virtue', 'threshold', 'Content', 'Notifications', 'Denominator', 'details', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'transaction', 'Holders', 'Type', 'TOTAL', 'CALCULATE', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Attachment', '7', '32']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12694,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549004/0/en/VALNEVA-Declaration-of-shares-and-voting-rights-October-31-2022.html,VALNEVA - Declaration of shares and voting rights: October 31  2022,VALNEVA  Declaration of shares and voting rightsOctober 31  2022...,English FrenchVALNEVADeclaration of shares and voting rightsOctober 31  2022__________________________________________________________________________________________Company name: VALNEVARegistered office: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain (France)Regulated market of Euronext Paris - Compartment ADeclaration date: November 4  2022Number of sharescomposing the share capital of Valneva Total number of voting rights including suspended voting rights* Description of the change Date on which this change was recognized Total number of voting rights excluding suspended voting rights**138 354 982including: 138 334 468 ordinary shares with a par value of €0.15 each; and20 514 preferred shares convertible into ordinary shares  with a par value of €0.15 each 160 908 132 Exercise of 3 125 BSA equity warrantDouble voting rights granted on 1 ordinary share October 21  2022October 29  2022 160 783 810___________________________* Theoretical voting rights. This number is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.** Net (or exercisable at a General Meeting) voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['voting rights', 'Declaration', 'shares', 'October', '6 rue Alain Bombard', '3,125 BSA equity warrant', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Double voting rights', 'Theoretical voting rights', 'Valneva Total number', 'General Meeting', 'English French', 'Company name', 'Registered office', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'par value', '1 ordinary share', 'threshold crossings', 'Declaration date', 'change Date', '138,334,468 ordinary shares', '20,514 preferred shares', '44800 Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'Description', 'Exercise', 'October', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12695,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4113339.html,MAMA Shelter Announces Six New Global Launches,Mama Shelter  the bold and cutting-edge hotel collection offering affordable hospitality  have announced their expansion plans for 2023 and 2024. The brand is adding six new Mamas to their collection by the end of 2024. Each hotel will pay homage to the local…,Mama Shelter continues to expand it portfolio and announces the schedule for its 2023 and 2024 openingsNew property openings include launches in Rennes  Dijon and Nice in France as well as Dubai  Medellín and ZurichMama Shelter  the bold and cutting-edge hotel collection offering affordable hospitality  have announced their expansion plans for 2023 and 2024. The brand is adding six new Mamas to their collection by the end of 2024. Each hotel will pay homage to the local culture  while maintaining the fun and creative characteristics Mama prides itself on. The lifestyle hospitality brand is as popular as ever in France and abroad thanks to its offbeat  warm and truly authentic concept.Mama Shelter Rennes  France - opening March 2023This property will be the ninth Mama in France  the 17th worldwide and home to the first ever Mama Skin Spa. It will disrupt Rennes’ hospitality scene with an entirely new offering  including the city’s first rooftop bar with sweeping views of medieval towers. The hotel will be centrally located just a few steps from Place des Lices and the famous rue de la Soif  a five minute walk to the Sainte Anne metro station and only 20-minutes to the TGV train station connecting Paris Montparnasse to Rennes in 1 hour and 30 minutes. Mama Shelter always seeks to open in cities and neighbourhoods that are on the rise. The hotel will also have 119 bedrooms  five workshops  a restaurant  a swimming pool and several karaoke rooms.Mama Shelter Dijon  France - opening in June 2023Home to 120 rooms across five floors  there will also be a restaurant serving up a typical Mama menu: a mix of local flavours and signature dishes. A highlight will be the CineMama  the hotel’s very-own private cinema and a petanque court allowing guests to enjoy memorable moments with family or friends.Mama Shelter Dubai - opening in late 2023Mama Shelter is travelling to the Middle East for the first time. It will be a new offering for visitors of Dubai  with its affordable and energetic personality. It will be home to 197 rooms and 204 apartments  a range of dining outlets  a terrace with four swimming pools  an outdoor CineMama and more. It will be a larger-than-life Mama that embodies the idea of a resort in the heart of the city  recalling the origins of the Trigano family who founded the Mama Shelter group and co-founded Club Med.Mama Medellín  Colombia - opening in early 2024Mama Medellín will be located in the heart of the El Poblado district. The first Colombian Mama will have 150 rooms  a restaurant  a bar  more than 3 000 m² of coworking space  500 m² of meeting rooms  and a swimming pool located on the first floor of the rooftop.Mama Shelter Nice  France - opening in June 2024Mama Shelter will head to the French Riviera for the opening of Mama Shelter Nice  which will be located only 600 metres from the city's mythical Old Port  in the central district of Riquier. The property will be connected to the rest of the city by tram and train and which has many local shops  and will have 102 colourful rooms.Mama Shelter Zurich  Switzerland - opening November 2024Mama Shelter will open for the first time in Switzerland with the forthcoming property Mama Zurich. With 178 stylish and design rooms  it will be located in the lively shopping district of Oerlikon known for the Hallenstadion  where concerts and major sporting events take place  the Messe Zürich exhibition centre and the Theatre 11 Zürich  known for hosting Broadway shows.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticket: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Six New Global Launches', 'MAMA Shelter', 'famous rue de la Soif', 'Messe Zürich exhibition centre', 'Net Zero Carbon emissions', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'Sainte Anne metro station', 'world leading hospitality group', 'mythical Old Port', 'major sporting events', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'single use plastics', ""hotels' guest experience"", 'El Poblado district', 'lively shopping district', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'six new Mamas', 'Mama Skin Spa', 'TGV train station', 'typical Mama menu', 'five minute walk', 'four swimming pools', 'many local shops', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Place des Lices', 'first Colombian Mama', 'global sustainability commitments', 'Mama Medellín', 'Rennes’ hospitality scene', 'several karaoke rooms', 'Mama Shelter group', 'lifestyle hospitality brand', 'Mama Shelter Nice', 'creative hospitality company', 'Mama Shelter Rennes', 'Mama Shelter Dijon', 'Mama Shelter Zurich', 'economy hotel brands', 'Mama Shelter Dubai', 'cutting-edge hotel collection', 'first rooftop bar', 'New property openings', 'hospitality ecosystems', 'central district', 'creative characteristics', 'ninth Mama', 'new offering', 'life Mama', 'Mama Zurich', 'environmental sustainability', 'first time', 'first floor', 'local culture', 'five workshops', 'five floors', 'local flavours', 'global collective', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'global elimination', 'affordable hospitality', 'expansion plans', 'offbeat, warm', 'authentic concept', 'sweeping views', 'medieval towers', 'Paris Montparnasse', 'signature dishes', 'private cinema', 'petanque court', 'memorable moments', 'Middle East', 'energetic personality', 'dining outlets', 'Club Med', 'coworking space', 'French Riviera', 'Broadway shows', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community engagement', 'forthcoming property', 'meeting rooms', '102 colourful rooms', 'design rooms', 'outdoor CineMama', 'Trigano family', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', 'unrivalled portfolio', '230,000 team members', 'Accor Live', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', '2024 openings', '120 rooms', '197 rooms', '150 rooms', '5,300 properties', 'schedule', 'launches', 'France', 'bold', 'end', 'homage', 'city', '1 hour', '30 minutes', 'cities', 'neighbourhoods', 'rise', '119 bedrooms', 'restaurant', 'June', 'mix', 'highlight', 'guests', 'late', 'visitors', '204 apartments', 'range', 'terrace', 'idea', 'resort', 'origins', '3,000 m²', '500 m²', 'Riquier', 'tram', 'Switzerland', '178 stylish', 'Oerlikon', 'Hallenstadion', 'concerts', 'Theatre', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', '2023']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,hospitalitynet.org
12696,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548493/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022      Liquidity agreement      In the context of the renewed liquidity......,English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022Liquidity agreementIn the context of the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux  Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 7 700 shares during the period from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 200 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 27 October 2022 to 2 November 2022:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 October 2022 1 600 28.00 28.10 27.90 44 800 28 October 2022 2 000 27.78 27.90 27.60 55 560 31 October 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 1 November 2022 1 980 28.02 28.14 27.82 55 480 2 November 2022 2 120 27.76 27.90 27.60 58 851 Total 7 700 — — — 214 691Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 27 October 2022 400 28.20 28.20 28.20 11 280 28 October 2022 1 000 27.85 27.90 27.82 27 850 31 October 2022 3 000 28.11 28.14 28.10 84 330 1 November 2022 800 28.40 28.40 28.40 22 720 2 November 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 5 200 — — — 146 180The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 87 771 shares.On 2 November 2022 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 066 690 own shares  or 6.89% of the total number of the outstanding shares.Related press release: 2 September 2022: Bekaert renews existing liquidity contractThis information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'investor relations pages', 'existing liquidity contract', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Date Number', 'press release', 'Total Amount', 'total number', 'same period', 'outstanding shares', '7 700 shares', '5 200 shares', '87 771 shares', 'Update', '27 October', '2 November', 'context', 'Bekaert', 'behalf', 'tables', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Purchase', '1 November', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'market', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '4 066 690']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4552857-maran-partners-fund-q3-2022-letter,Maran Partners Fund Q3 2022 Letter,Maran Partners Fund returned -0.2%  net of all fees and expenses  in the Q3 2022  bringing YTD performance to -25.4%. Click here to read the full fund letter.,blackredDear Partners and Friends In the third quarter of 2022  Maran Partners Fund returned -0.2%  net of all fees and expenses  bringing year-to-date performance to -25.4%.[1] This has been a challenging year in the markets  and while I am disappointed with our performance this year  I believe we are still in a place from which we can recover and produce acceptable long-term performance (and I have high standards when it comes to the definition of acceptable). This is especially true in light of the fact that current sentiment is terrible and valuations are cheap. Many stocks are pricing in a draconian scenario  but the world is not coming to an end.That our year-to-date performance is similar to the broader indices is only accidental. Our partnership makes no effort to track the market. I aim for high  risk-adjusted  absolute returns over the long term  and I believe that if I achieve these results  then outperforming the market will be a side effect. Volatility is a trade-off that we make in our quest for superior performance.It will come as no surprise that I continue to believe that one year is too short of a time period over which to judge the results of investment funds. Over the past five years  our partnership has compounded at a rate of approximately 13%  net.[2] In other words  over the past five years  the value of $1.0 million invested in the partnership has grown to more than $1.8 million  net of all fees and expenses. Conversely  over the past five years  $1.0 million invested in the iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM)  a low-cost ETF that aims to track the performance of the popular Russell 2000 small cap index  has grown to less than $1.2 million.While many have thrown in the towel on value investing  I still believe it is the most rational strategy (who wants to knowingly overpay for things?!)—especially in catalyst-laden special situations in less efficient parts of the market. My favored hunting ground of smaller-capitalization stocks seems like an especially attractive corner of the market right now.I am finding many solid  yet under-the-radar companies trading at single-digit free cash flow multiples that I believe have long  double-digit growth runways. They don’t need multiple expansion to produce mid-20s compounded returns  and to therefore be potential three-year doubles. If sentiment turns and multiples expand  some could double faster than that.As always  there is a laundry list of macroeconomic worries that is capturing a lot of attention  including inflation  the Fed  interest rates  China  Russia  the U.S. consumer  gasoline prices  European power prices  and more. Near-term earnings estimates are still too high for many companies. The dichotomy between poor sentiment and cheap valuations on the one hand and some very real economic concerns on the other hand has made for a challenging decision-making environment.In the face of uncertainty  I continue to return to my philosophy  framework  and process. Throughout 2022  I have continued to focus on doing good research  I have remained disciplined with respect to valuation  and I have stayed humble in light of a challenging backdrop.After running with reduced net exposure for the majority of the third quarter (our cash balance exceeded 40% following our Clarus sales during mid-August—more on which below)  I have recently been adding additional exposure to a number of (smaller cap  value) stocks that I think are priced attractively despite the weak macroeconomic outlook (all of those worries). As usual  I continue to focus on special situations  stocks with catalysts  and companies for which I think I have a differentiated viewpoint about what is priced in.My conversations with companies over the past months indicate that many are not seeing developments that justify some of the carnage we have seen in their stock prices. Currently  there seems to be a disconnect. Either fundamentals are going to get dramatically worse for many companies  or many stocks are too cheap. I believe it is among the best times in recent years to be investing with a multi-year horizon.Portfolio UpdateAt quarter-end  our top five positions were APi Group (APG)  Cadre Holdings (CDRE)  Clarus (CLAR)  Correios de Portugal (OTCPK:CTTPY; Euronext Lisbon: CTT)  and an undisclosed position.[3]ClarusClarus has been a long-time top-five position  so it may seem from the outside like the holding is on autopilot. It is not. I frequently re-underwrite all of our positions as new information comes in and as stock prices change. Clarus is no exception.For Clarus  a lot of new information came in during the third quarter—though much of it nonfundamental—and the stock price also changed a lot  in both directions. Clarus entered the third quarter at approximately $19/sh  increased to a high of $29/sh  and later fell as low as $12/sh. It increased by 50%+ then declined by 50%+  all in a few months.While I generally invest with a long horizon and try to be patient when warranted  I am also pragmatic. Our fund’s smaller size allows me to be nimble when warranted.Given the speed and magnitude of Clarus’ increase during mid-August  accompanied by a lack of substantive change in the fundamentals  I attributed Clarus’ rise to non-fundamental factors[4]  and took advantage of the stock’s move higher to trim our position meaningfully. By August 19th  we owned the fewest number of shares that we had owned in years.Recently  we took advantage of volatility in the other direction  adding back to our position at less than half the price at which we had sold just weeks prior.Clarus is certainly facing several headwinds—including a promotional retail environment  a weak euro and Australian dollar  and weakness in new car volumes (which impacts its Rhino Rack business)—but I don’t believe that these headwinds justify the current stock price.Clarus’ enterprise value is around $600 million. If Rhino Rack is worth around $200 million (about 8x EBITDA) and Sierra/Barnes is worth around $200 million (5x EBITDA)  the market is implying that the Black Diamond Equipment brand is worth just $200 million (under 0.8x sales and ~6x EBITDA). Another way of framing valuation is that the market is paying a reasonable price for Black Diamond and Rhino Rack and that we are getting Sierra and Barnes for free.In aggregate  Clarus is trading at around 7.5x EBITDA and at a double-digit normalized cash earnings yield. Given the valuation  the quality of the Clarus brands  the long-term growth outlook  the aligned management team  the recent insider purchases  the share repurchase authorization  the partly nonfundamental set of events that led to the sell-off  and the continued high short interest (eight million shares  or almost one third of the float  at last check)  I believe this is an attractive situation.API GroupWe have owned APi Group shares for over two years  having initially purchased our position during the first half of 2020 (during Covid). Recent additional purchases moved it into our top five positions.APi Group is a holding company for a group of safety  engineering  and industrial services businesses operating globally  with roots dating back to 1926. The company is a market leader in a number of niche industries (fire safety  specialty contracting) and in many countries in which it operates. It has significant recurring revenue and is capital light. I believe that APi’s management are good operators and capital allocators.APi Group had an interesting path to being a publicly traded US stock. Its life began as a UK-domiciled special purpose acquisition company (SPAC). Following the de-SPACing merger  shares were de-listed in the UK and began to trade on the OTC Marketplace “pink sheets” in the US. Combine this non-standard path to market  non-standard trading marketplace  and the Covid-related market decline  and it should come as no surprise that APG “broke” its listing price  ultimately trading as low as the mid-single digits.This was a unique special situation set-up  and while I didn’t take a huge position  I started buying shares at this point  while the market cap was around $900 million (the ticker at the time was JJAQF).The shares were up-listed to the NYSE in May 2020; by the end of 2021  they had climbed to north of $25 per share. I shrank the position size as the stock climbed  bringing it to 3% of capital at year-end 2021. By the end of the third quarter of this year  the stock had fallen by almost half from its highs  and I started adding again.In the mid-teens  APi Group’s market cap is just north of $3.5 billion. Looking out several years  EBITDA should grow from $600-700 million to close to $1 billion (driven by organic growth and margin expansion)  and net debt should fall to around $2 billion. Bulls might argue the business—based on comparable transactions and business quality—should trade at an 18-20x multiple  but even if the stock only garners a lower 10-13x multiple  it could still be a double or a triple ($35-45/sh).Correios de Portugal  S.A.I laid out the thesis on CTT in more depth in recent letters  but here is a quick recap. CTT’s market cap is €430 million  and its enterprise value is around €500 million. The company is on track to generate more than €120 million of EBITDA this year  putting its valuation at around 4x EBITDA. It owns a bank  with book value of over €200 million  and real estate conservatively worth another €200 million. The company plans to monetize both of these assets—the bank likely via an external investment followed by a spin  and the real estate with private equity partners via a fund structure. I expect an update on both fronts in the upcoming quarterly investor report.The stock is attractive even without the potential catalyst of unlocking the sum-of-the-parts value. CTT is the monopoly postal carrier in Portugal  with a new government contract that allows for inflation passthrough. E-commerce penetration in Portugal lags that of Spain and the rest of northern Europe but is catching up. These factors should mute any European-wide economic weakness.At its analyst day earlier this year  CTT guided to 2025 EBITDA of €160 million to €180 million based on annual 7-10% revenue growth. The market does not believe this guidance—it is not even close to being priced in. In fact  while I think the company has a sound rationale for its guidance  it is currently priced for revenue declines.Finally  CTT has been buying back stock aggressively. Its share count is down from 150 million shares to 143.5 million shares. If the stock remains this cheap (again  the market is valuing the core business for essentially nothing after giving credit to the bank and real estate)  the company will likely continue to take advantage of market sentiment by continuing to buy back shares.Beyond the Top FiveWe have recently added a few new positions.A specialty industrial distributor (market cap: $500-750 million) that was formed via a three-way merger that has yet to showcase the benefits of the combination. The stock remains relatively unknown  and it trades at a large discount to peers and at a cheap absolute valuation (a solidly double-digit free cash flow yield).An energy services company (think “picks and shovels” for the energy industry  market cap: $200400 million) that is trading at under three times my estimate of 2023 free cash flow. It has delevered significantly and is about to turn on share buybacks.A financial services company (market cap $750 million-$1 billion) with a history of growth and shareholder value creation whose stock is pricing in a severe recession.I’m working on an interesting event-driven special situation as well. I never know when these types of situations are going to emerge  but these have tended to be among the best sources of risk-adjusted return for the partnership.Again  I’m excited by what I’m coming across in my favored hunting grounds (though as always  I have no idea what the market may do in the short term).ConclusionYou and your fellow limited partners have continued to be a major competitive advantage for our fund. This year  our partnership has had no redemptions and a steady stream of capital additions—new partners joining and existing partners dollar-cost averaging additional capital during the period of market weakness. The fact that I don’t have to sell positions to raise capital (or even field panicked calls) enables me to continue to stay level-headed and execute my strategy during periods of volatility. Thank you.I continue to have the majority of my family’s investment capital invested in the fund alongside yours. I am working diligently to protect it and grow it.Sincerely Dan RollerDisclaimer This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any interests in any fund managed by Maran Capital Management  LLC (“MCM”). Any such offering will be made only in accordance with the Fund’s Confidential Offering Memorandum (the “Offering Memorandum”). The Fund may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries  nor suitable for all types of investors. Prior to investing  investors are strongly urged to review carefully the Offering Memorandum and related documents  including the risks described therein associated with investing in the Fund  to ask additional questions and discuss any prospective investment with their own advisers. Additional information  including detailed fund performance report  will be provided upon request. The statements of the investment objectives are statements of objectives only. They are not projections of expected performance nor guarantees of anticipated investment results. Actual performance and results may vary substantially from the stated objectives. Performance returns are estimated pending the year-end audit. An investment in the Partnership involves a high degree of risk and is suitable only for sophisticated and accredited investors. Investors should be prepared to suffer losses of their entire investments. The Offering Memorandum contains brief descriptions of certain of the risks associated with investing in the Fund. Certain information contained in this document constitutes “forward-looking statements ” which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may ” “will ” “should ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “target ” “intend ” “continue” or “believe ” or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties  actual events or results or the actual performance of the Partnership described herein may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. This document and information contained herein reflects various assumptions  opinions  and projections of MCM which is subject to change at any time. MCM does not represent that any opinion or projection will be realized. The analyses  conclusions  and opinions presented in this document are the views of MCM and not those of any third party. The analyses and conclusions of MCM contained in this document are based on publicly available information. MCM recognizes there may be public or non-public information available that could lead others  including the companies discussed herein  to disagree with MCM’s analyses  conclusions  and opinions. Funds managed by MCM may have an investment in the companies discussed in this document. It is possible that MCM may change its opinion regarding the companies at any time for any or no reason. MCM may buy  sell  sell short  cover  change the form of its investment  or completely exit from its investment in the companies at any time for any or no reason. MCM hereby disclaims any duty to provide updates or changes to the analyses contained herein including  without limitation  the manner or type of any MCM investment. Prices for securities discussed are closing prices as of October 28  2022 unless otherwise noted and are not representative of the prices paid by the fund for those securities. Positions reflected in this letter do not represent all of the positions held  purchased  and/or sold  and may represent a small percentage of holdings and/or activity. In 3Q 2022  the total return of the S&P 500 was -5.3%  and the total return of the Russell 2000 was –2.5%. Year-todate through September 30  2022  the total return of the S&P500 was -24.8%  and the total return of the Russell 2000 was -25.9%. The S&P 500 and Russell 2000 are indices of US equities. They are included for information purposes only and are not representative of the type of investments made by the fund. The fund’s investments differ materially from these indices. The fund is concentrated in a small number of positions while the indices are diversified. The fund return data provided is unaudited and subject to revision. None of the information contained herein has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  any securities administrator under any state securities laws  or any other U.S. or non-U.S. governmental or self regulatory authority. No governmental authority has passed on the merits of this offering or the adequacy of the information contained herein. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. Copyright Maran Capital Management  LLC 2022. This information is strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in whole or in part. Click to enlargeFootnotes [1] Individual partner returns may vary based on share class and timing of investment  among other factors. Please refer to individual account statements for more detail. Please see page 6 for important disclaimers. [2] All performance results discussed are net of fees for our highest fee share class; results have been better for partners in the reduced fee share classes. [3] Listed alphabetically. [4] Likely a short-squeeze or gamma squeeze  as a number of hedge funds started wildly trading Clarus options and stock during the quarter (options volume exploded more than 100-fold); at one point  three funds collectively had long exposure to almost 50% of Clarus’ shares. Click to enlargeOriginal PostEditor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha editors.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.09,0.61,True,English,"['Maran Partners Fund', '2022 Letter', 'popular Russell 2000 small cap index', 'single-digit free cash flow multiples', 'long, double-digit growth runways', 'high, risk-adjusted, absolute returns', 'iShares Russell 2000 ETF', 'mid-20s compounded returns', 'less efficient parts', 'potential three-year doubles', 'U.S. consumer', 'Near-term earnings estimates', 'real economic concerns', 'past five years', 'weak macroeconomic outlook', 'challenging decision-making environment', 'European power prices', 'catalyst-laden special situations', 'top five positions', 'time top-five position', 'acceptable long-term performance', 'Maran Partners Fund', 'cash balance', 'smaller cap', 'recent years', 'Dear Partners', 'time period', 'low-cost ETF', 'undisclosed position', 'challenging year', 'high standards', 'challenging backdrop', 'long term', 'gasoline prices', 'past months', 'stock prices', 'long horizon', 'third quarter', 'draconian scenario', 'broader indices', 'side effect', 'one year', 'investment funds', 'other words', 'rational strategy', 'hunting ground', 'attractive corner', 'many solid', 'multiple expansion', 'laundry list', 'macroeconomic worries', 'interest rates', 'cheap valuations', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'good research', 'net exposure', 'additional exposure', 'differentiated viewpoint', 'best times', 'multi-year horizon', 'Portfolio Update', 'APi Group', 'Cadre Holdings', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'new information', 'smaller size', 'date performance', 'superior performance', 'current sentiment', 'poor sentiment', 'Many stocks', 'smaller-capitalization stocks', 'radar companies', 'many companies', 'value investing', 'Clarus sales', 'Friends', 'fees', 'expenses', 'markets', 'place', 'definition', 'light', 'fact', 'world', 'partnership', 'effort', 'results', 'Volatility', 'trade-off', 'quest', 'surprise', 'IWM', 'towel', 'things', 'lot', 'attention', 'inflation', 'Fed', 'China', 'Russia', 'dichotomy', 'face', 'uncertainty', 'philosophy', 'framework', 'process', 'respect', 'reduced', 'majority', 'mid-August', 'number', 'catalysts', 'conversations', 'developments', 'carnage', 'disconnect', 'fundamentals', 'quarter-end', 'APG', 'CDRE', 'Correios', 'Portugal', 'CTT', 'outside', 'exception', 'directions']",2022-11-03,2022-11-04,seekingalpha.com
12698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548582/0/en/Tarkett-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-in-Tarkett-s-share-capital-as-of-October-31-2022.html,Tarkett - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of October 31  2022,PARIS  FRANCE  November 4  2022 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of October 31  2022 ...,English FrenchPARIS  FRANCE  November 4  2022 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of October 31  2022(Article L233-8-II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers)Date Total number of shares in the share capital Total number of voting rights As of October 31  202265 550 281Number of theoretical voting rights:65 811 231 Number of exercisable voting rights:65 701 921** After deduction of the treasury shares without voting rights.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative flooring and sports surface solutions  with net sales of € 2.8 billion in 2021. Offering a wide range of products including vinyl  linoleum  rubber  carpet  wood  laminate  artificial turf and athletics tracks  the Group serves customers in over 100 countries across the globe. Tarkett has 12 000 employees and 34 industrial sites  and sells 1.3 million square meters of flooring every day  for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields. Committed to change the game with circular economy and to reducing its carbon footprint  the Group has implemented an eco-innovation strategy based on Cradle to Cradle® principles  fully aligned with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.37,0.63,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Tarkett', 'Information', 'shares', 'October', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Contact', '1.3 million square meters', 'French Commercial Code', 'sports surface solutions', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'English French', 'sports fields', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'worldwide leader', 'net sales', 'wide range', 'artificial turf', 'athletics tracks', '34 industrial sites', 'circular economy', 'carbon footprint', 'eco-innovation strategy', 'compartment B', 'total number', 'innovative flooring', 'Cradle® principles', 'Euronext Paris', 'treasury shares', 'FRANCE', 'November', 'Information', 'October', 'Article', 'Date', 'deduction', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'products', 'vinyl', 'linoleum', 'rubber', 'carpet', 'wood', 'laminate', 'Group', 'customers', '100 countries', 'globe', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'game', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12699,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4113328.html,Fairmont & ALL – Accor Live Limitless Launch ‘Beyond LIMITS’: A New Collection of Boundary-Pushing Experiences Across North & Central America,Fairmont Hotels & Resorts announces the official debut of ‘Beyond LIMITS’  an exciting new collection of first-of-their-kind  awe-inspiring experiences available exclusively at iconic Fairmont properties  and other ALL – Accor Live Limitless hotels  across No…,Fairmont Hotels & Resorts announces the official debut of ‘Beyond LIMITS’  an exciting new collection of first-of-their-kind  awe-inspiring experiences available exclusively at iconic Fairmont properties  and other ALL – Accor Live Limitless hotels  across North & Central America. ‘Beyond LIMITS’ is designed to defy convention  shatter the boundaries of expectation  and elevate the luxury experience beyond what was previously thought possible. Each highly exclusive  immersive experience is as unexpected as it is unforgettable  carefully crafted to lead travelers on a journey of discovery  to find something new within the destination  the hotel and themselves.Source: Accor‘Beyond LIMITS’ kicks off the first week of November 2022  with signature limited-time experiences slated through March 2023 – including:Symphony in a Cenote | In the lush Mexico jungle  Fairmont Mayakoba reimagines one of Riviera Maya’s famed limestone caves as a spectacular candlelit concert hall | November 2022 & January 2023| In the lush Mexico jungle  reimagines one of Riviera Maya’s famed limestone caves as a spectacular candlelit concert hall | November 2022 & January 2023 Pauoa Bay Underwater Ballet | Guests at Fairmont Orchid in Hawaii will have the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to dive into a magical underwater world and witness a daring  mesmerizing live ballet performance beneath the sea | February 2023| Guests at in Hawaii will have the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to dive into a magical underwater world and witness a daring  mesmerizing live ballet performance beneath the sea | February 2023 The Vertical Stage | Fairmont Century Plaza transforms its famed Los Angeles façade into the world’s first 19-story vertical dance floor for a troupe of gravity defying performance artists | Early 2023| transforms its famed Los Angeles façade into the world’s first 19-story vertical dance floor for a troupe of gravity defying performance artists | Early 2023 Fire & Ice | In a tiny log cabin  at the edge of frozen Lake Louise  surrounded for miles by nothing but Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise and a wintry snowscape  a master chef delivers an exclusive  intimate fireside culinary experience for only 10 lucky guests  inspired by the Japanese cooking style of Robatayaki | January & February 2023| In a tiny log cabin  at the edge of frozen Lake Louise  surrounded for miles by nothing but and a wintry snowscape  a master chef delivers an exclusive  intimate fireside culinary experience for only 10 lucky guests  inspired by the Japanese cooking style of Robatayaki | January & February 2023 Christmas with Candace | Emmy award nominee  director  actress  New York Times best-selling author  producer  ‘Queen of Christmas’ and “Full House” star  Candace Cameron Bure shares some of her favorite holiday tips and tricks  including how to decorate the perfect Christmas cookie  at a special holiday tea and photo moment at Fairmont San Francisco | December 2022| Emmy award nominee  director  actress  New York Times best-selling author  producer  ‘Queen of Christmas’ and “Full House” star  Candace Cameron Bure shares some of her favorite holiday tips and tricks  including how to decorate the perfect Christmas cookie  at a special holiday tea and photo moment at | December 2022 Haute O2 | High in the Canadian Rockies  where the air is pure and the views extend as far as the eye can see  Fairmont Banff Springs is popping up a cliffside oxygen bar at 7 000 feet  accessible exclusively to just 8 guests per day  to refresh the mind  body and soul | January 2023| High in the Canadian Rockies  where the air is pure and the views extend as far as the eye can see  is popping up a cliffside oxygen bar at 7 000 feet  accessible exclusively to just 8 guests per day  to refresh the mind  body and soul | January 2023 Enchanted Forest | Perched atop Fairmont Waterfront’s garden terrace with majestic views of downtown Vancouver and the city’s stunning harbor  awaits a world of fantasy  a magnificent forest overflowing with lush sprawling trees  a dreamy musical performance  and a hint of magic | Early 2023| Perched atop garden terrace with majestic views of downtown Vancouver and the city’s stunning harbor  awaits a world of fantasy  a magnificent forest overflowing with lush sprawling trees  a dreamy musical performance  and a hint of magic | Early 2023 Après Scottsdale | In the heart of the Sonoran Desert  sits an unexpected luxury winter chateau  nestled amidst the ultimate holiday playground at Fairmont Scottsdale Princess ; entry is only granted to a select few adults  who choose to celebrate the holidays with more grown-up pursuits  from culinary delights to the finest sparkling champagne | November & December 2023| In the heart of the Sonoran Desert  sits an unexpected luxury winter chateau  nestled amidst the ultimate holiday playground at ; entry is only granted to a select few adults  who choose to celebrate the holidays with more grown-up pursuits  from culinary delights to the finest sparkling champagne | November & December 2023 Tea Noir| Fairmont Olympic Hotel’s playfully dark twist on high tea promises a journey through tea-infused sensorial delights  from savory to sweet  with a dash of spice  worthy of slipping into something a little glam | November 2022 through March 2023When everyone and everything in the travel space claims to be ‘luxurious’  the term loses its genuine value as a point of exclusivity and differentiation. So we posed the question – ‘how can we breathe life back into the luxury experience  what it truly means to go above and beyond expectations  in the limitless ways our Fairmont guests and ALL members deserve?’ With ‘Beyond LIMITS’  we are able to redefine luxury  by challenging the norms of what is expected. We pushed ourselves and our teams to go beyond everything that had been done before  and the result is a collection of experiences that are highly inventive and exclusive  that must actually be seen to be believed. That is ‘Beyond LIMITS’. Jeff Doane  Chief Commercial Officer  Accor North & Central AmericaTo learn more or to book a ‘Beyond LIMITS’ experience  visit www.ALLbeyondLIMITS.com. Even more adventures await – including a spa day in the Puerto Rican jungle with Fairmont El San Juan Hotel; a night at the International Emmy Awards with Sofitel New York; skiing with an Olympian at Fairmont Chateau Whistler; and a private cave dinner in Barbados with Fairmont Royal Pavilion – with new opportunities to thrill and inspire added regularly.Members of ALL – Accor Live Limitless will also be able to book select ‘Beyond LIMITS’ experiences with ALL Reward points. With the travel industry’s most diverse network of brands and an ever-growing portfolio  ALL invites members to experience more of what they love through benefits and rewards in travel  dining and everyday life. Among the most valuable in the industry  ALL Reward points are highly flexible  allowing members to earn points  even when they are not staying at an Accor hotel  and then redeem their points for unforgettable moments around the globe. To join Accor’s award-winning loyalty program  click here.To help guests travel ‘Beyond LIMITS’  Accor is also offering up to 25 percent savings for bookings made by March 29  2023  for stays through April 30  2023 (may vary by property)  at participating Fairmont  Sofitel  Swissôtel  MGallery  Pullman  Novotel and ibis hotels across North & Central America. As always  ALL members save more  with a special member rate that delivers an additional 5 percent off.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticket: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Sandra Pinto DuhamelCommunications Manager(305) 401-1556Accor,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.09,0.25,True,English,"['Accor Live Limitless Launch', 'New Collection', 'Boundary-Pushing Experiences', 'Central America', 'Fairmont', 'LIMITS', 'North', 'famed Los Angeles façade', 'first 19-story vertical dance floor', 'exclusive, intimate fireside culinary experience', 'daring, mesmerizing live ballet performance', 'spectacular candlelit concert hall', 'unexpected luxury winter chateau', 'Pauoa Bay Underwater Ballet', 'New York Times best', 'Accor Live Limitless hotels', 'Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise', 'exclusive, immersive experience', 'The Vertical Stage', 'frozen Lake Louise', 'exciting new collection', 'lush Mexico jungle', 'tiny log cabin', 'Japanese cooking style', 'Emmy award nominee', 'favorite holiday tips', 'lush sprawling trees', 'ultimate holiday playground', 'finest sparkling champagne', 'dreamy musical performance', 'special holiday tea', 'iconic Fairmont properties', 'Fairmont Century Plaza', 'Fairmont San Francisco', 'Fairmont Banff Springs', 'signature limited-time experiences', 'Candace Cameron Bure', 'magical underwater world', 'perfect Christmas cookie', 'Fairmont Scottsdale Princess', 'luxury experience', 'first week', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'culinary delights', 'performance artists', 'Tea Noir', 'Fairmont Mayakoba', 'Fairmont Orchid', 'Fairmont Waterfront', 'Fairmont Olympic', 'inspiring experiences', 'official debut', 'other ALL', 'Central America', 'Riviera Maya', 'limestone caves', 'lifetime opportunity', 'wintry snowscape', 'master chef', 'selling author', 'Full House', 'photo moment', 'Haute O2', 'Canadian Rockies', 'oxygen bar', 'Enchanted Forest', 'garden terrace', 'downtown Vancouver', 'stunning harbor', 'magnificent forest', 'Sonoran Desert', 'grown-up pursuits', 'majestic views', '10 lucky guests', '8 guests', 'Resorts', 'LIMITS', 'North', 'convention', 'boundaries', 'expectation', 'travelers', 'journey', 'discovery', 'something', 'destination', 'Source', 'November', 'March', 'Symphony', 'Cenote', 'January', 'Hawaii', 'sea', 'February', 'troupe', 'gravity', '2023 Fire', 'edge', 'miles', 'Robatayaki', 'director', 'actress', 'producer', 'Queen', 'star', 'tricks', 'December', 'eye', '7,000 feet', 'mind', 'body', 'soul', 'city', 'fantasy', 'hint', 'heart', 'entry', 'select', 'adults', 'holidays']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,hospitalitynet.org
12700,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549030/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-NEGMA.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Negma Group has converted 120 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the e…,English DutchNegma Group has converted 120 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 4  2022 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 15 000 000 new ordinary shares on November 2  2022  for a total amount of EUR 300 000  as the result of the conversion of 120 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 92 825 765 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 77 825 765 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 72 656 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 92 825 765 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 92 825 765 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 719 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 719 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);1 007 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 007 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);550 000 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 550 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);725 749 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 725 749 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);940 convertible bonds issued on September 5  2022  and 21 October 2022  entitling their holder (Negma Group) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group on August 26  2021  and the addendum thereto dated September 2  2022; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021 and Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.23,0.49,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1', '120 class B convertible bonds', 'eye drug candidate', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'EUR 300,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '15,000,000 new ordinary shares', '92,825,765 outstanding ordinary shares', '77,825,765 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Israel) L.P.', 'Share capital', '120 convertible bonds', '940 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'regulated market', 'new information', 'English Dutch', 'Negma Group', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'voting rights', '719,500 subscription rights', 'total number', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'various risks', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'back', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'conversion', 'completion', 'denominator', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', '21 October', 'terms', 'August', 'addendum', 'UK', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12701,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549011/0/en/Societe-Generale-Availability-of-the-third-amendment-to-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Societe Generale: Availability of the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document,PRESS RELEASERegulated information  Paris  4 November 2022  6 pm  Availability of the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document ...,French EnglishPRESS RELEASERegulated informationParis  4 November 2022  6 pmAvailability of the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration DocumentSociete Generale hereby informs the public that the third amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed on 9th March 2022 under number D.22-0080  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 4th November 2022 under number D-22-0080-A03.This document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking which encompasses the Societe Generale  Credit du Nord and Boursorama brands. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services   with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website www.societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Societe Generale', 'third amendment', 'Availability', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'Credit du Nord', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'integrated banking model', '25 million individual clients', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'French English', 'financial strength', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'specialised businesses', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'third amendment', 'Societe Generale', '9th March', 'Press contact', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'Boursorama brands', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'Regulated information', '4th November', 'investors.societegenerale', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'The Group', 'digital innovation', 'Eastern Europe', '4 November', 'Paris', 'Availability', 'public', 'number', 'AMF', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-information', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Insurance', 'networks', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12702,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549013/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-declaration-of-the-number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-October-31-2022.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2022,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 4  2022  Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2022 ......,English FrenchPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 4  2022Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of October 31  2022Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of October 31  2022  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 334 574 999Number of voting rights*: 2 000 650 345*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investors Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'October', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'des marchés financiers', 'virtual twin experiences', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Investors Relations Service', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'English French', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'total number', 'other countries', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'November', 'Declaration', 'October', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Contacts', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12703,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/galapagos-presents-roadmap-pipeline-commercial-200100718.html,Galapagos presents roadmap for pipeline and commercial growth at its R&D Day 2022,Guiding principles for a sustainable future: Invest in strategic therapeutic areas of oncology and immunologyRebuild and accelerate portfolio of...,Galapagos NVGuiding principles for a sustainable future: Invest in strategic therapeutic areas of oncology and immunology Rebuild and accelerate portfolio of transformational medicines in high unmet medical needs Combine internal with external innovationCapital allocation : Discontinu e fibrosis and kidney disease to further invest in oncology Leverage strong balance sheet through d isciplined cash management and smart business developmentOncology roadmap: Validate point-of-care CAR-T delivery model with proven CD19 1 and BCMA 2 Develop next-generation   best-in-class oncology candidatesImmunology roadmap: Evaluat e potential of filgotinib in axial spondyloarthritis Execute on TYK2 i clinical program with ‘3667 Continue to invest in deep portfolio across modes of action  with JAKi   TYK2i and SIKi programsCommercial roadmap: Jyseleca ® 2022 net sales guidance further upped to € 80 - € 90 million Leverage commercial infrastructure for future launchesWebcast replay available at www.glpg.comMechelen  Belgium; 4 November 2022  21.01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today held its R&D Day 2022  featuring presentations of key opinion leaders and company management on the strategic  scientific  and commercial progress at the company. The company also presented its financial results for the third quarter of 2022.Paul Stoffels3  CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Galapagos  commented: “Today we presented our strategic vision for our future as a financially sustainable biopharma company. Building on our strong fundamentals  we are convinced that we are taking the right steps to deliver on our core mission: adding years of life and improving the quality of life of patients globally.Focusing on our strategic therapeutic areas  we strive to push forward our deep  differentiated portfolio in immunology  build out our oncology franchise  and execute on business development opportunities with the aim to accelerate innovation and speed up time-to-patients  while creating long-term value for our stakeholders.”Story continuesStrategic updateBuilding on our strong fundamentals  we aim to build a financially sustainable biopharma company  accelerating cutting-edge therapies to market to address unmet medical needs in our core key therapeutic areas of oncology and immunology.Our renewed focus on two strategic therapeutic areas goes hand in hand with redirecting our resources. To further streamline our portfolio  we have decided to discontinue activities in fibrosis and kidney disease to allow for increased investments in our oncology franchise.To shape our portfolio of innovative drugs with accelerated time-to-market  we intend to combine internal innovation with smart business development and apply deep clinical expertise to push programs through an optimal development process.Based on these guiding principles  we presented our Vision 2028 portfolio outlook. Over the course of the next five years  we aim to build a portfolio comprising:over 10 assets in lead optimization and five in preclinical development across different modalities (small molecules  cell therapy  biologics) five pivotal-stage candidates forming a solid late-stage pipeline in immunology and cell therapy  anda growing commercial presence with additional marketed indications for Jyseleca® and one CAR-T therapy approved in multiple indications.Financial visionAligned with our Vision 2028  we presented our financial outlook and capital allocation strategy at our R&D Day 2022. Discontinuation of our fibrosis and kidney efforts allows for reinvesting in oncology.With Jyseleca® potentially breaking even in 2024  and projected peak sales of €500 million in Europe and first oncology revenues potentially contributing to our topline later this decade  we are committed to building a sustainable financial future  with a significantly reduced cash burn by 2028.OncologyWe also presented our Vision 2028 roadmap for oncology at our R&D Day 2022. Our core mission in the field is to broaden patient access and improve clinical outcomes by bringing best-in-class medicines to patients.With the combined acquisitions of CellPoint and AboundBio announced earlier this year  we positioned ourselves in the cell therapy space  combining the potentially disruptive manufacturing and delivery model of CellPoint (Lonza’s Cocoon®  a closed  automated manufacturing platform for cell therapy) with the ability to develop next-generation CAR-Ts  small molecules and biologics.Short term  our aim is to validate the decentralized CAR-T delivery model with proven CAR-T therapies  and we announced the addition of a BCMA Phase 1/2 trial on the Cocoon® platform. This complements the currently ongoing CD19 Phase1/2 programs in recurring/refractory Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (rrNHL; ATALANTA study) and recurring/refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (rrCLL; EUPLAGIA study).In the coming years  we intend to build a pipeline of best-in-class cell therapies for hematologic malignancies and leverage our capabilities to rapidly address unmet needs in oncology.Today  we showcased the robust process performance of the Cocoon® system as well as first encouraging biomarker patient data of the CAR-T expansion profile with a 7 day-point-of-care vein-to-vein treatment. Topline Phase 1 results of both the rrNHL and rrCLL study are expected in the first half of 2023  followed by initial data of the BCMA study later in the year.Next year  we also aim to broaden the studies to include U.S. patients  and we plan to submit Investigational New Drug (IND) applications for both the CD19 and BCMA CAR-T programs with the FDA.ImmunologyWe have built up over 20 years of expertise in immunology  resulting in a deep and growing pipeline with multiple modes-of-action candidate medicines across all phases of development  from preclinical to Phase 4.We are excited about our selective TYK2 inhibitor  ‘3667  for which we presented new data elucidating its potentially differentiating selectivity and potency profile. Ex vivo and in vivo data show that ‘3667 fully blocks the INFa pathway with once-daily dosing  while in our assays JAK2 and JAK1/3 dependent pathways are not affected. Further  no effects on hematological parameters  lipids and creatine phosphokinase (CPK) were observed  suggesting that ‘3667 does not show JAKi ‘fingerprints’ at therapeutic doses. Also based on the positive results in psoriasis patients  we presented our development plan for ‘3667  confirming the start of a Phase 2 study in dermatomyositis (GALARISSO) around year-end and the intention to start a Phase 2 study in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in 2023.We also presented an update on our SIKi portfolio  a potential novel mode-of-action in immunology. With targeted investments  we continue to make important progress in developing next-generation best-in-class candidates that reach optimal target coverage  teasing apart selectivity profiles that indicate the potential of SIK3i for rheumatological indications and SIK2/3i for inflammatory bowel disease. Our most advanced candidate  SIK3 inhibitor ‘4399  has shown strong preclinical evidence for potential in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) (EULAR 20224)  with a promising pharmacological and safety profile. We are planning to start a proof-of-mechanism study in RA patients with ‘4399 mid 2023.For filgotinib  our selective JAK1 inhibitor  we are completing a Phase 3 program in Crohn’s disease (CD)  with results expected in the first half of 2023. Given the sales momentum and supportive long-term safety and efficacy data generated for filgotinib  we are currently exploring additional indications for filgotinib  and plan to start a Phase 3 study in axial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA) in 2023.Commercial progressSince becoming European marketing authorization holder (MAH) of Jyseleca®  we successfully set up our own commercial capabilities and are currently operational throughout Europe in the current approved indications RA and ulcerative colitis (UC).The financial results for the third quarter of 2022 show continued strong sales momentum for Jyseleca®  and we further raise our net sales guidance 2022 from €75-€85 million at H1 2022 to €80-€90 million.In the future  we aim to leverage our European commercial infrastructure beyond Jyseleca®  in line with our Vision 2028  to have at least one CAR-T cell therapy on the market within five years.Jyseleca® is a trademark of Galapagos NV and Gilead Sciences  Inc. or its related companies. Except for filgotinib’s approval as Jyseleca® for the treatment of moderately to severely RA and UC by the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union  Great Britain  and Japan  our drug candidates are investigational; their efficacy and safety have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to Phase 4 programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in the European Union  Norway  Great Britain  and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactInvestors:Sofie Van GijselHead of Investor Relations+1 781 296 1143Sandra CauwenberghsDirector Investor Relations+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comMedia:Marieke VermeerschHead of Corporate Communication+32 479 490 603media@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “believe ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “future ” “estimate ” “may ” “potential ” “forward ” “next ” “continue ” “promise” “encouraging ” “aim ” “explore ” “further” as well as similar expressions. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements made in the sections captioned “strategic update ” “financial vision ” “commercial progress ”  the guidance from management (including the guidance regarding the expected operational use of cash during the 2022 fiscal year  the expected financial results and our strategic and capital allocation priorities)  statements regarding the acquisitions of CellPoint and AboundBio  including statements regarding anticipated benefits of the acquisitions and the integration of CellPoint and AboundBio into our portfolio and strategic plans  statements regarding our regulatory and R&D outlook  statements regarding our expected financial results  statements regarding the amount and timing of potential future milestones  opt-in and/or royalty payments  our R&D strategy  including progress on our immunology or oncology portfolio or our JAKi  TYK2i and SIKi programs  and potential changes in such strategy  statements regarding our pipeline and complementary technology platforms driving future growth  statements regarding our expectations on commercial sales of filgotinib  statements regarding the global R&D collaboration with Gilead and the amendment of our arrangement with Gilead for the commercialization and development of filgotinib  statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of ongoing and planned clinical trials  including topline results for trials and studies in our portfolio  statements about the expected topline results from the DIVERSITY Phase 3 study in CD  statements relating to interactions with regulatory authorities  the timing or likelihood of additional regulatory authorities’ approval of marketing authorization for filgotinib for RA  UC or other indications for filgotinib in Europe  Great Britain  Japan  and the U.S.  such additional regulatory authorities requiring additional studies  the timing or likelihood of pricing and reimbursement interactions for filgotinib  statements relating to the build-up of our commercial organization  commercial sales for filgotinib and rollout in Europe  statements related to the expected reimbursement for Jyseleca®  and statements regarding our strategy (including our strategic transformation exercise)  portfolio goals  business plans  focus  and plans for a sustainable future. We caution the reader that forward-looking statements are based on our management’s current expectations and beliefs  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause our actual results  financial condition and liquidity  performance or achievements  or the industry in which we operate  to be materially different from any historic or future results  financial conditions  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks include  but are not limited to  the risk that our expectations regarding our 2022 revenues and financial results or our 2022 operating expenses may be incorrect (including because one or more of our assumptions underlying our revenue or expense expectations may not be realized)  the risk that ongoing and future clinical trials may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive development  clinical trial  recruitment of patients for trials and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including  but not limited to  the risk that data from our ongoing and planned clinical research programs in RA  rrNHL  rrCLL  CD  UC  axial spondyloarthritis  dermatomyositis  systemic lupus erythematosus  other immunologic indications or other indications or diseases  may not support registration or further development of our product candidates due to safety  or efficacy concerns  or other reasons)  risks related to the acquisitions of CellPoint and AboundBio  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions of CellPoint and AboundBio  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with target discovery and validation and drug discovery and development activities  risks related to our reliance on collaborations with third parties (including our collaboration partner for filgotinib  Gilead)  risks related to the implementation of the transition of the European commercialization responsibility of filgotinib from Gilead to us  the risk that the transition will not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all  including the transition of the supply chain  and the risk that the transition will not have the currently expected results for our business and results of operations  estimating the commercial potential of our product candidates and our expectations regarding the costs and revenues associated with the transfer of the European commercialization rights to filgotinib may be incorrect  the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on our currently contemplated business plan and/or will revise our business plan  including the risk that our plans with respect to CAR-T may not be achieved on the currently anticipated timeline or at all  the risk that our projections and expectations regarding the commercial potential of our product candidates or expectations regarding the costs and revenues associated with the commercialization rights may be inaccurate  the risks related to our strategic transformation exercise  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of such exercise on the currently envisaged timeline or at all  the risk that we will encounter challenges retaining or attracting talent  risks related to disruption in our operations  supply chain or ongoing studies (including our DIVERSITY 1 study) due to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  the risks related to continued regulatory review of filgotinib following approval by relevant regulatory authorities and the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) safety review of JAK inhibitors used to treat certain inflammatory disorders  including the risk that the EMA and/or other regulatory authorities determine that additional non-clinical or clinical studies are required with respect to filgotinib  the risk that the EMA may require that the market authorization for filgotinib in the EU be amended  the risk that the EMA may impose JAK class-based warnings  the risk that the EMA’s safety review may negatively impact acceptance of filgotinib by patients  the medical community  and healthcare payors and the risks and uncertainties related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in our filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including in our most recent annual report on Form 20‐F filed with the SEC and our subsequent filings and reports filed with the SEC. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if the result of our operations  financial condition and liquidity  or the industry in which we operate  are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements  unless specifically required by law or regulation.1 Cluster of differentiation 192 B-cell maturation antigen3 Acting via Stoffels IMC BV4 Poster presented at EULAR (European Alliance of Associations for Rheumatology) 2022  POS0442Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.14,0.14,True,English,"['R&D Day', 'commercial growth', 'Galapagos', 'roadmap', 'pipeline', 'recurring/refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia', 'TYK2 i clinical program', 'BCMA Phase 1/2 trial', 'closed, automated manufacturing platform', 'high unmet medical needs', 'ongoing CD19 Phase1/2 programs', 'two strategic therapeutic areas', 'decentralized CAR-T delivery model', 'Jyseleca ® 2022 net sales guidance', 'key therapeutic areas', 'recurring/refractory Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma', 'R&D Day', 'key opinion leaders', 'smart business development', 'business development opportunities', 'optimal development process', 'deep clinical expertise', 'one CAR-T therapy', 'Leverage commercial infrastructure', 'five pivotal-stage candidates', 'growing commercial presence', 'additional marketed indications', 'proven CAR-T therapies', 'strong balance sheet', 'solid late-stage pipeline', 'capital allocation strategy', 'cell therapy space', 'sustainable biopharma company', 'first oncology revenues', 'deep, differentiated portfolio', 'class cell therapies', 'next five years', 'sustainable financial future', 'Vision 2028 portfolio outlook', 'unmet needs', 'proven CD19', 'peak sales', 'clinical outcomes', 'disruptive manufacturing', 'strategic vision', 'Strategic update', 'preclinical development', 'sustainable future', 'financial outlook', 'cutting-edge therapies', 'Commercial roadmap', 'commercial progress', 'multiple indications', 'Cocoon® platform', 'deep portfolio', 'SIKi programs', 'strong fundamentals', 'financial results', 'Financial vision', 'oncology candidates', 'Guiding principles', 'transformational medicines', 'kidney disease', 'cash management', 'axial spondyloarthritis', 'future launches', 'Webcast replay', 'company management', 'third quarter', 'Paul Stoffels', 'right steps', 'long-term value', 'innovative drugs', 'lead optimization', 'different modalities', 'small molecules', 'kidney efforts', 'cash burn', 'Vision 2028 roadmap', 'patient access', 'class medicines', 'combined acquisitions', 'next-generation CAR-Ts', 'ATALANTA study', 'EUPLAGIA study', 'coming years', 'hematologic malignancies', 'Galapagos NV', 'external innovation', 'core mission', 'Oncology roadmap', 'oncology franchise', 'Immunology roadmap', 'internal innovation', 'Jyseleca®', 'fibrosis', 'care', 'potential', 'filgotinib', 'modes', 'action', 'JAKi', 'TYK2i', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '4 November', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'presentations', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'life', 'quality', 'patients', 'aim', 'time', 'stakeholders', 'Story', 'focus', 'hand', 'resources', 'activities', 'investments', 'course', '10 assets', 'biologics', 'Discontinuation', 'Europe', 'topline', 'decade', 'field', 'CellPoint', 'AboundBio', 'Lonza', 'ability', 'capabilities', '21.01']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12704,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548488/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-third-quarter-trading-update.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: third-quarter trading update,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  4 November 2022  Strong quarterly result in line with first two quarters of 2022Net AuM inflows at Private......,English DutchAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  4 November 2022St rong quarterly result in line with first two quarters of 2022Net AuM inflows at Private Clients: € 0 . 4 billion ( YTD : € 1.8 billion) and at Wholesale & Institutional Clients: € 0 . 2 billion (YTD: €3.7 billion)Client assets : € 115 . 3 billion ( end of June 2022 : € 1 18 . 5 billion ) and AuM : € 96 . 2 billion ( end of June 2022 : € 99 . 6 billion )   in the wake of a negative market performanceVery strong capital ratio of 19.2%  after planned capital return of €1.50 per share (end of June 2022: 20.2%)Jeroen Kroes  Van Lanschot Kempen’s Chief Financial Officer  said: “The third quarter saw financial market turbulence continue. In our outreach to private banking clients as their trusted advisers  we find that they wish to stay invested.“We notched up solid commercial developments in the third quarter of 2022. Total net inflows in assets under management worked out at €0.6 billion in the quarter. Drawing on our combined expertise in private banking  investment management and investment banking  we are further enhancing our product offering  a case in point being the launch of our Private Real Estate Pool in the quarter. This fund makes investment in non-listed real estate more accessible for private clients in a way that suits their needs.“New clients also found their way to our door  including BPF Schilders  a Dutch pension fund with invested assets of over €8 billion and more than 100 000 members  which appointed us as their fiduciary manager. The mandate will get underway in the fourth quarter of 2022.”Total client assets and assets under management (AuM) were pushed down by a negative market performance in the quarter and ended up at €115.3 billion (end of June: €118.5 billion) and €96.2 billion (end of June: €99.6 billion) respectively. Client savings rose to €12.3 billion (end of June 2022: €11.9 billion). The total loan portfolio remained stable at €9.1 billion  with mortgage loans accounting for €6.7 billion. The mortgage portfolio showed a decline in the number of remortgaged and new loans  in line with the market. Van Lanschot Kempen’s mortgage portfolio comprises Dutch residential mortgage loans with a low risk profile  as evidenced by its low loan-to-value.For Investment Banking Clients  the third quarter was a good one  and commission income continued to shift from capital market transactions to M&A and debt advice  in line with the first six months of the year.Collaboration between Van Lanschot Belgium and Mercier Vanderlinden is proceeding smoothly. Mercier Vanderlinden’s clients have been using Van Lanschot Kempen’s custodial services since October.Van Lanschot Kempen’s capital position remains very strong at a CET 1 ratio of 19.2% (end of June 2022: 20.2%). The lower ratio includes the planned capital return of €1.50 per share. Even stripped of the capital return  the capital ratio remains well above Van Lanschot Kempen’s objective as issued in May  of 15% plus an add-on of 2.5% for acquisitions.FINANCIAL CALENDAR22 December 2022 Capital return payment date23 February 2023 Publication of 2022 annual resultsMedia Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is a wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimer and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ significantly from these forward-looking statements.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.The figures in this press release have not been audited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding. Percentages are calculated based on unrounded figures.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way orsubscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.11,0.54,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'third-quarter trading update', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'St rong quarterly result', 'Private Real Estate Pool', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Capital return payment date', 'Dutch residential mortgage loans', 'listed real estate', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Van Lanschot Belgium', 'first two quarters', 'financial market turbulence', 'Total net inflows', 'first six months', 'open architecture platform', 'positive long-term financial', 'low risk profile', 'negative market performance', 'capital market transactions', 'Dutch pension fund', 'total loan portfolio', 'strong capital ratio', 'Net AuM inflows', 'solid commercial developments', 'Total client assets', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'private banking clients', 'Investment Banking Clients', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'English Dutch', 'low loan', 'custodial services', 'mortgage portfolio', 'new loans', 'negative impact', 'capital position', 'long-term focus', 'fiduciary manager', 'Client savings', 'Private Clients', 'CET 1 ratio', 'lower ratio', 'Jeroen Kroes', 'trusted advisers', 'product offering', 'BPF Schilders', 'good one', 'commission income', 'M&A', 'debt advice', 'Mercier Vanderlinden', '2022 annual results', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'entire group', 'full range', 'cautionary note', 'press release', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'Actual results', 'sustainable way', 'Institutional Clients', 'New clients', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'combined expertise', 'non-financial value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'unknown risks', 'investment management', 'Hertogenbosch', 'line', 'YTD', 'Wholesale', 'June', 'wake', 'share', 'outreach', 'case', 'point', 'launch', 'needs', 'door', '100,000 members', 'mandate', 'number', 'remortgaged', 'year', 'Collaboration', 'October', 'objective', 'May', 'add-on', 'acquisitions', 'December', '23 February', 'Publication', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'society', 'part', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'information', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'performances', 'circumstances', '4']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12705,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548489/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.1167 £ 24.6608 Estimated MTD return -0.11 % -0.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.71 % -2.55 % Estimated ITD return 181.17 % 146.61 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 950.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.93 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 900 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 308 114 130 254 Held in treasury 8 474 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.5063 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5499The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'A Range', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', '1,900 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '04']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12706,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548497/0/en/Azerion-to-combine-Q3-2022-results-with-Strategy-Deep-Dive.html,Azerion to combine Q3 2022 results with Strategy Deep Dive,Amsterdam  04 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced that it plans to combine its Q3 2022 interim results with a Strategy Deep Dive presentation on 30 November 2022. The Strategy Deep Dive will cover Azerion’s vision  business model  growth strategy  pr…,Amsterdam  04 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced that it plans to combine its Q3 2022 interim results with a Strategy Deep Dive presentation on 30 November 2022. The Strategy Deep Dive will cover Azerion’s vision  business model  growth strategy  products and technology.Atilla Aytekin  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “We are delighted to invite investors  research analysts  journalists as well as our customers and partners to our Strategy Deep Dive. Since our listing early in 2022  we have been extensively engaging with the market and it became clear that our stakeholders would welcome more insight into our vision and strategy. We expect that this event will pave the way for more engagement with the capital markets  as we consider our options to fund our next phase of acquisitions and growth.”Over the years  Azerion has set a solid strategy and continues to grow both organically and through M&A. Azerion has also significantly strengthened its business model  while taking steps to increase its financial resilience.The Strategy Deep Dive will consist of an online webcast  with a presentation from members of Azerion’s leadership team  followed by Q&A. The whole event is expected to last from 14:00 to 16:00 CET on 30 November 2022. Registrations are open via www.azerion.com/investors .Contact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comAbout AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com .DISCLAIMERThe companies in which Azerion Group N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Azerion”  “Azerion Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them.This press release is for information purposes only. The information contained in this press release does not purport to be full or complete and  in particular  is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Azerion will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided.This press release may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as believes  estimates  plans  projects  anticipates  expects  intends  may  will  should or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause the actual results of Azerion to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements reflect Azerion's current views and assumptions based on information currently available to Azerion's management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and Azerion does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realised. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements will come to pass or that any estimated result will be achieved. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.13,0.73,True,English,"['Strategy Deep Dive', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Azerion', 'The Strategy Deep Dive', 'Strategy Deep Dive presentation', 'Azerion Group N.V.', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'separate legal entities', 'Q3 2022 interim results', 'campaign management teams', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'other similar words', 'M&A. Azerion', 'solid strategy', 'growth strategy', 'Q&A.', 'entertainment content', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future results', 'digital publishers', 'digital advertising', 'business model', 'Atilla Aytekin', 'research analysts', 'capital markets', 'next phase', 'financial resilience', 'online webcast', 'leadership team', 'Investor Relations', 'game creators', 'integrated platform', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'press release', 'investment decision', 'historical facts', 'current views', 'forward-looking statements', 'media platform', 'media buyers', 'organic growth', 'content-driven, technology', 'data company', 'technology solutions', 'market sales', 'strategic acquisitions', 'undue reliance', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'information purposes', '04 November', '30 November', 'vision', 'products', 'CEO', 'investors', 'journalists', 'customers', 'partners', 'listing', 'stakeholders', 'insight', 'event', 'way', 'engagement', 'options', 'years', 'steps', 'members', '16:00 CET', 'Registrations', 'Contact', 'consumers', 'advertisers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'DISCLAIMER', 'companies', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'basis', 'person', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'expressions', 'believes', 'estimates', 'plans', 'projects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'assurances', 'representation', 'warranty', '14:00']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12707,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548487/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.1167 £ 24.6608 Estimated MTD return -0.11 % -0.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.71 % -2.55 % Estimated ITD return 181.17 % 146.61 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 950.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.93 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 900 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 308 114 130 254 Held in treasury 8 474 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.5063 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5499The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'A Range', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', '1,900 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '04']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12708,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549007/0/en/The-Jeep-Brand-Announces-Unprecedented-Overlanding-Trailer-Co-Launch-With-ADDAX-Overland.html,The Jeep® Brand Announces Unprecedented Overlanding Trailer Co-Launch With ADDAX Overland™,●The Jeep Branded Edition's groundbreaking build is rugged  lightweight and compact enough to follow a Jeep Trail-Rated® vehicle over the most demanding terrain—all without compromising a Jeep brand vehicle's signature stability and efficiency.●Off-roading en…,"LAS VEGAS  Nov. 04  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Jeep® brand and ADDAX OverlandTM are proud to launch the Jeep Branded Edition by ADDAX Overland Trailer.Inspired by the U.S. military's all-but-indestructible surveillance trailers  and engineered by the team that set a world land speed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats  the Jeep Branded Edition has set the new benchmark for off-road overlanding performance  capability and comfort.Boasting an unprecedented dry weight of just 850 pounds  Jeep adventure seekers can now tow a 1 200 pound payload up previously unfathomable terrain—all without compromising a Jeep brand vehicle's signature stability and efficiency. The Jeep Branded Edition's high-strength  lightweight engineering makes it the perfect companion for technical rock climbers and beginner off-roaders alike. And thanks to the Jeep Branded Edition's foldable tongue and compact 5-foot-by-6 foot dimensions  even those adventurers with limited garage space can always be ready to get off the grid.The Jeep Branded Edition's independent torsion axle trailer suspension system provides an aggressive 17 inches of ground clearance for maximum maneuverability  control and comfort. And the 3/16 inch military-grade steel chassis and 14-gauge steel body are seamlessly bent instead of welded to deliver industry-leading durability. The Jeep Branded Edition comes standard with a robust 35 cubic square feet of storage; four 8 000 pound stabilizing corner jacks; a foldable tongue; an articulating hitch; a rear receiver hitch and a heavy-duty  custom rack for endless mounting possibilities.""We are proud to have earned the Jeep brand's trust by creating a trailer that can conquer any terrain"" says ADDAX CEO Kirk Jowers. ""We are excited to continue to engage with Jeep in engineering the most innovative and comprehensive line of overlanding products for the Jeep brand's loyal community.""""Together with the team at ADDAX  we are excited to announce the co-launch of the most cutting-edge overland trailer on the planet "" said Jim Morrison  senior vice president and head of Jeep Brand North America. ""The Jeep Branded Edition by ADDAX can truly follow a Jeep Trail-Rated® vehicle anywhere and demonstrates the Jeep Brand's commitment to empowering our community with the gold standard in overlanding performance. Thanks to the Jeep Branded Edition  adventurers can now enjoy the most beautiful and remote places on Earth even longer.""Off-roading enthusiasts and Jeep brand loyalists will be able to secure a sneak peek of the Jeep Branded Edition by ADDAX at SEMA's New Product Showcase  Overlanding Exhibit and Booth 60119 during Nov. 1-4  2022.MOPAR  JEEP  DODGE  HEMI  PLYMOUTH  RAM  SRT  CHRYSLER and related logos  vehicle model names and trade dress are trademarks of FCA US LLC and used under license by ADDAX Overland  LLC.About ADDAX OverlandBuilt upon a combined 60 years of off-road industry chops  ADDAX Overland is proud to create the world's most rugged  reliable  and trailblazing overlanding trailers. Our innovative spirit secured a world land speed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats. And our thirst for open-air freedom drives our uncompromising pursuit of the ultimate in overlanding performance. We're based in the backyard of Moab  Utah—Jeep's home away from home—and we pride ourselves in pushing our trailers to the limit on the iconic red-rock terrain. Forged in the U.S.A. Tested in Hell.™Jeep BrandBuilt on 80 years of legendary heritage  Jeep is the authentic SUV brand that brings capability  craftsmanship and versatility to people who seek extraordinary journeys. The Jeep brand delivers an open invitation to live life to the fullest by offering a broad portfolio of vehicles that continues to provide owners with a sense of security to handle any journey with confidence. The Jeep vehicle range consists of the Gladiator  Grand Cherokee and Wrangler. The legendary Jeep brand's off-road capability is now being enhanced by a global electrification initiative  that is transforming 4xe into new 4x4 in pursuit of the brand's vision of accomplishing Zero Emission Freedom. A fully electric Jeep 4xe will be offered in every SUV segment by 2025.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves - aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.MOPAR  JEEP  DODGE  HEMI  PLYMOUTH  RAM  SRT  CHRYSLER and related logos  vehicle model names and trade dress are trademarks of FCA US LLC and used under license by ADDAX Overland LLC.Contact Information:Ellesse BalliCMOellesse@addaxoverland.com801-694-2009Robin JamesGlobal Licensing Managerrobin.freedjames@stellantis.com248-914-5011Related ImagesImage 1: Jeep Branded® Edition Overland Trailer by ADDAX™The Jeep Branded Edition Overland Trailer by ADDAX sets up camp in the Uintas.This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.09,0.2,True,English,"['The Jeep® Brand', 'Unprecedented Overlanding Trailer', 'ADDAX', 'independent torsion axle trailer suspension system', '3/16 inch military-grade steel chassis', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'robust 35 cubic square feet', 'world land speed record', 'ADDAX CEO Kirk Jowers', 'ultimate in overlanding performance', 'Jeep Brand North America', 'The Jeep vehicle range', 'The Jeep Branded Edition', '14-gauge steel body', 'vehicle model names', 'U.S. military', 'Bonneville Salt Flats', 'unprecedented dry weight', 'high-strength, lightweight engineering', 'technical rock climbers', 'limited garage space', 'heavy-duty, custom rack', 'endless mounting possibilities', 'senior vice president', 'off-road industry chops', 'U.S.A.', 'global electrification initiative', 'Jeep Trail-Rated® vehicle', 'cutting-edge overland trailer', 'Jeep adventure seekers', 'The Jeep® brand', 'rear receiver hitch', 'FCA US LLC', 'Zero Emission Freedom', 'Jeep brand vehicle', 'indestructible surveillance trailers', 'New Product Showcase', 'road overlanding performance', 'Jeep brand loyalists', 'trailblazing overlanding trailers', 'authentic SUV brand', 'ADDAX Overland Trailer', 'legendary Jeep brand', 'electric Jeep 4xe', 'iconic red-rock terrain', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'ADDAX Overland LLC', 'mobility provider', 'overlanding products', 'articulating hitch', 'open-air freedom', 'legendary heritage', 'SUV segment', 'iconic brands', 'Citroën', 'new benchmark', 'new 4x4', 'LAS VEGAS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'ADDAX OverlandTM', '1,200 pound payload', 'signature stability', 'perfect companion', 'foldable tongue', 'aggressive 17 inches', 'ground clearance', 'maximum maneuverability', 'industry-leading durability', 'four 8,000 pound', 'corner jacks', 'comprehensive line', 'Jim Morrison', 'gold standard', 'remote places', 'Off-roading enthusiasts', 'sneak peek', 'related logos', 'trade dress', 'extraordinary journeys', 'open invitation', 'broad portfolio', 'Grand Cherokee', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'road capability', 'innovative spirit', 'innovative products', 'loyal community', 'uncompromising pursuit', 'team', 'comfort', '850 pounds', 'efficiency', 'beginner', 'roaders', 'compact', 'adventurers', 'grid', 'control', 'storage', 'trust', 'launch', 'planet', 'head', 'commitment', 'beautiful', 'Earth', 'SEMA', 'Exhibit', 'Booth', 'Nov.', 'MOPAR', 'DODGE', 'HEMI', 'PLYMOUTH', 'RAM', 'SRT', 'CHRYSLER', 'trademarks', 'license', '60 years', 'thirst', 'backyard', 'Moab', 'Utah', 'home', 'Hell', '80 years', 'craftsmanship', 'versatility', 'people', 'life', 'vehicles', 'owners', 'sense', 'security', 'confidence', 'Gladiator', 'Wrangler', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Fiat', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548999/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-EUR-Annual-Conversion-Facility.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited  a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability   under the laws of......,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Shareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'EUR', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'authorised closed-ended investment scheme', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'collective investment scheme', 'BG Fund Plc', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'The Company', 'custodian bank', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12710,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2549003/0/en/Boussard-Gavaudan-Holding-Ltd-GBP-Annual-Conversion-Facility.html,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (GBP): Annual Conversion Facility,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited  a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability   under the laws of......,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limiteda closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liabilityunder the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582Legal Entity Identifier: 5493002XNM3W9D6DF327BGHL Annual Conversion FacilityBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“B&G Holding” or the “Company”) today announces that shareholders will be able to convert their existing holding of shares in the Company from one class into another class (the ""Conversion"")  subject to satisfying certain requirements.The conversion will be based on the Net Asset Values of the two classes of Shares as at 30 November 2022.The period during which shareholders may tender their shares for conversion from one class to the other will start on 4 November 2022 (after closing) and will ends on 18 November 2022 at 5.00 p.m. London time.Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares (ISIN GG00B39VMM07)Shareholders holding Sterling shares in CREST and wishing to convert from Sterling shares into Euro shares must contact their CREST custodian. The CREST custodian (or if not a CREST member  the custodian’s CREST agent) must send a USE message to JTC Registrars Ltd by close of business on 18 November 2022. As the Euro shares are only capable of being settled in Euroclear (Nederland)  the CREST custodian will be required to send to JTC Registrars Ltd a Sterling to Euro class conversion form including the relevant Euroclear settlement instructions for the new Euro shares.The Sterling to Euro class conversion form will be sent by post to all CREST custodians and available on the Company's website http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php .Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Euro shares (ISN GG00B1FQG453)Shareholders holding shares in Euroclear (Nederland) and wishing to participate must ensure that their request has reached their custodian and the Administrator before that date.Shareholders wishing to convert from Euro shares into Sterling shares will be required to notify their custodian bank by completing a conversion request form. Shareholders must ensure that the conversion request reaches their custodian bank by close of business (London time) on 18 November 2022. Their custodian bank has to arrange an effective delivery of the underlying euro shares within 2 (based on T+2) business days to Van Lanschot Kempen (ESES 29183 NDC 106) after 18 November 2022.Euro shareholders may obtain a copy of the conversion request form from the Company's website: http://www.bgholdingltd.com/conversion.php.For a copy of the conversion request form  Euro shareholders may also contact either:1. Van Lanschot Kempen (“VLK”).  Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  P.O. Box 75666  1070 AR Amsterdam  The Netherlands; telephone: +31 20 348 9554/8899; fax: +31 203 489549; or email: kas@kempen.nl2. JTC Fund Solutions (Guernsey) Limited  P.O. Box 156  Dorey Court  Admiral Park  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 4EU  Channel Islands   telephone +44 (0)1481 702400; fax: +44 (0) 1481 734545.4 November 2022For further information  please contact: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389Francois Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has been authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission as an authorised closed-ended investment scheme. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Gavaudan Holding Ltd', 'Annual Conversion Facility', 'Boussard', 'GBP', 'Gavaudan Investment Management LLP', 'BGHL Annual Conversion Facility', 'authorised closed-ended investment scheme', 'relevant Euroclear settlement instructions', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Holding Euro shares', 'Euro class conversion form', 'Gavaudan Holding Sterling shares', 'collective investment scheme', 'BG Fund Plc', 'B&G Holding', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Net Asset Values', 'JTC Registrars Ltd', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'P.O. Box', 'JTC Fund Solutions', 'St Peter Port', 'Francois Xavier Baud', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'conversion request form', 'new Euro shares', 'underlying euro shares', 'T+2) business days', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'existing holding', 'US persons', 'one class', 'limited liability', 'Euro shareholders', 'registration number', 'two classes', 'London time', 'USE message', 'The Sterling', 'effective delivery', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', '1070 AR Amsterdam', 'Dorey Court', 'Admiral Park', 'Channel Islands', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'United States', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'CREST member', 'CREST agent', 'CREST custodians', 'The Netherlands', 'The Shares', 'Guernsey GY1', 'The Company', 'custodian bank', 'listed securities', 'other jurisdiction', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'requirements', '30 November', 'period', '4 November', 'closing', '18 November', 'ISIN', 'Nederland', 'post', 'website', 'ISN', 'Administrator', 'date', 'ESES', 'NDC', 'copy', 'VLK', 'Beethovenstraat', 'telephone', 'fax', 'email', 'nl', 'information', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', '5.00', '2.']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12711,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/04/2548480/0/en/BioSenic-SA-Transparency-notification-received-from-S-R-I-W-SA-and-Sofip%C3%B4le-SA.html,BioSenic SA: Transparency notification received from S.R.I.W. SA and Sofipôle SA,REGULATED INFORMATION  Article 14 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings  Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  November 4  2022  7am CEST –......,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONArticle 14 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdingsMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  November 4  2022  7am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company addressing unmet medical needs in in the areas of innate immunity  inflammation and organ/function repair  today announces that it has received a transparency notification from S.R.I.W. SA (Société Régionale d’Investissement de Wallonie) dated 27 October 2022. The transparency notification indicates that the combined shareholdings held by SRIW and its subsidiary  Sofipôle SA (Société Wallonne pour le Financement des Infrastructures des Pôles de Compétitivité)  have passively crossed below the threshold of 5% as a result of the issuance of new shares of BioSenic to Medsenic shareholders on 24 October 2022.The notification dated 27 October 2022 contains the following information:Reason for the notification: Downward crossing of the lowest threshold Passive crossing of a thresholdNotification by: A parent undertaking or a controlling personPersons subject to the notification requirement: S.R.I.W. SA & Sofipôle SATransaction date: 24 October 2022Threshold that is crossed: 5%Denominator: 115 132 015Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction Holders of voting rights # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights S.R.I.W SA 344 530 344 530 0.30% SOFIPOLE SA 862 027 862 027 0.75% Total voting rights 1 206 557 1 206 557 1.05%Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: The Walloon Region holds 99.43% of S.R.I.W. SA which controls 60% of the shares of Sofipôle SA.The notification can be consulted on the website of BioSenic  under the heading “Shareholder Information”.About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by Bone Therapeutics with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury. These cells are produced via a proprietary BioSenic scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  the Company has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB continues to be evaluated for other orthopedic indications including spinal fusion  osteotomy  maxillofacial and dental  and should be of value in new indications when cells will be further adapted or transformed with additional targeting properties.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE)° is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media and Investor Enquiries:NewCap Investor Relations & Financial CommunicationsPierre Laurent  Louis-Victor Delouvrier and Arthur RouilléTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94bone@newcap.euCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['S.R.I.W. SA', 'Sofipôle SA', 'BioSenic SA', 'Transparency notification', 'new, IP protected, oral (OATO) formulation', 'international Phase III confirmatory study', 'S.R.I.W. SA', 'S.R.I.W SA', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'proprietary BioSenic scalable manufacturing process', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'orphan drug designation status', 'Société Régionale', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'BioSenic to Medsenic shareholders', 'Phase II trial', 'gene therapy platform', 'Société Wallonne', 'The Walloon Region', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'optimized production process', 'Sofipôle SA', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'autoimmune cell pathways', 'unmet medical needs', 'Pôles de', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'several pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'One direct application', 'severe multiorgan damage', 'Key target indications', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'additional targeting properties', 'tissue repair protection', 'double basic effect', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'other orthopedic indications', 'leading biotech company', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'Total voting rights', 'strong IP', 'intravenous formulation', 'SOFIPOLE SA', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'new indications', 'innovative company', 'clinical assets', 'new arsenal', 'new shares', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'other cells', 'organ/function repair', 'organ repair', 'first effect', 'second effect', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'bone regeneration', 'English French', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'major holdings', '7am CEST', 'Euronext Brussels', 'innate immunity', 'Compétitivité', 'following information', 'Downward crossing', 'Passive crossing', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'Shareholder Information', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'spinal fusion', 'activated B', 'significant complications', 'long-term survival', 'bone-forming cells', 'Transaction date', 'transparency notification', 'notification requirement', 'lowest threshold', 'Article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'areas', 'inflammation', 'Investissement', 'Wallonie', 'shareholdings', 'SRIW', 'subsidiary', 'Financement', 'Infrastructures', 'passively', 'result', 'issuance', '24 October', 'Reason', 'Persons', 'Denominator', 'website', 'heading', 'development', 'ALLOB', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'strengths', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'use', 'hospitals', 'injury', 'Europe', 'patients', 'osteotomy', 'maxillofacial', 'dental', 'value', 'increase', 'apoptosis', 'onco-immunology', 'stage', 'common', 'SCT', 'FDA']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globenewswire.com
12712,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/societe-generale-third-quarter-2022-052500015.html,Societe Generale: Third quarter 2022 earnings,RESULTS AT SEPTEMBER 30TH  2022 Press releaseParis  November 4th  2022 STRONG RESULTS IN Q3 22Good business performance with revenues up +2.3% vs. Q3 21...,Société GénéraleRESULTS AT SEPTEMBER 30TH  2022Press releaseParis  November 4th  2022STRONG RESULTS IN Q3 22Good business performance with revenues up +2.3% vs. Q3 21 driven by the resilience of French Retail Banking  strong growth in International Retail Banking and in Financial Services  and a robust performance from Global Markets and Financing & AdvisoryGood cost control  limited increase in operating expenses (+1.5% vs. Q3 21 published  +2.0% underlying)Improvement in the underlying cost to income ratio  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  at 60.7%(1) (vs. 61.8%(1) in Q3 21)Cost of risk contained at 31 basis points  with around two-thirds consisting of prudent provisioning on performing loans  the level of defaults remaining low at ~10 basis pointsUnderlying Group net income of EUR 1.4 billion(1) (EUR 1.5 billion on a reported basis)Underlying profitability (ROTE) of 10.5%(1) (11.2% on a reported basis)EXCELLENT UNDERLYING PERFORMANCE IN 9M 22Underlying Group net income of EUR 4.5 billion(1) (EUR 858 million on a reported basis)  up +11.2% vs. 9M 21Underlying cost to income ratio  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  of 59.6%(1) at end-September  now expected below 64% for 2022Underlying profitability (ROTE) of 10.4%(1) (1.3% on a reported basis)STRENGTHENED CAPITAL POSITION AND ROBUST BALANCE SHEETCET 1 ratio of 13.1%(2) at end-September 2022  up 13 basis points vs. end-June 2022(3) and around380 basis points above the regulatory requirementCONTINUED ORDERLY EXECUTION OF STRATEGIC INITIATIVESMerger of retail banking networks in France: all regulatory approvals obtained and legal merger date confirmed at January 1st  2023Successful finalisation of the partnership between Boursorama and ING in France: onboarding of around two-thirds of eligible customers to the partnership  i.e. 315 000 customers  and transfer of nearly EUR 8.5 billion of outstandingsAcquisition of Leaseplan by ALD: approval process on track  rights issue expected before the end of the year and closing of the acquisition expected during the first quarter of 2023ESG ambition: acceleration of the decarbonisation of our loan portfoliosStory continuesFréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“In an increasingly complex geopolitical and economic environment  Societe Generale posts  once again  excellent results  with both a very solid commercial performance and profitability. The third quarter is marked by increasing revenues  continued control of operating expenses and a contained cost of risk  while maintaining a prudent provisioning policy. We continue to make good progress on the execution of our strategic initiatives  with several major milestones achieved  notably on the merger of the retail banking networks in France and the finalisation of the partnership between Boursorama and ING. Furthermore  on September 30th  the Board of Directors decided that at the next General Meeting it would propose Slawomir Krupa as Board member to be my successor as Chief Executive Officer of the Group in May 2023. The coming months will enable us to continue to implement the strategic initiatives underway  which would ensure sustainable growth and profitability  while together ensuring an effective and orderly transition.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 Change 9M 22 9M 21 Change Net banking income 6 828 6 672 +2.3% +3.7%* 21 174 19 178 +10.4% +10.9%* Operating expenses (4 233) (4 170) +1.5% +4.3%* (14 020) (13 025) +7.6% +8.9%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 358) (4 272) +2.0% +4.8%* (13 273) (12 594) +5.4% +6.7%* Gross operating income 2 595 2 502 +3.7% +2.8%* 7 154 6 153 +16.3% +14.9%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 470 2 400 +2.9% +1.9%* 7 901 6 584 +20.0% +18.7%* Net cost of risk (456) (196) x 2.3 x 2.3* (1 234) (614) x 2.0 +52.2%* Operating income 2 139 2 306 -7.2% -8.1%* 5 920 5 539 +6.9% +9.3%* Underlying operating income(1) 2 014 2 204 -8.6% -9.5%* 6 667 5 970 +11.7% +14.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets 4 175 -97.7% -97.7%* (3 286) 186 n/s n/s Income tax (396) (699) -43.4% -43.4%* (1 076) (1 386) -22.4% -19.6%* Net income 1 751 1 781 -1.7% -2.8%* 1 566 4 343 -63.9% -63.9%* O.w. non-controlling interests 253 180 +40.6% +37.3%* 708 489 +44.8% +42.9%* Reported Group net income 1 498 1 601 -6.4% -7.3%* 858 3 854 -77.7% -77.7%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 410 1 391 +1.4% +0.3%* 4 489 4 038 +11.2% +12.2%* ROE 9.9% 11.1% 1.1% 8.7% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 11.2% 12.7% 1.3% 10.0% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying ROTE(1) 10.5% 10.9% 10.4% 10.4% +0.0% +0.0%*(1) Adjusted for exceptional items and linearisation of IFRIC 21Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on November 3rd  2022 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q3 and 9M 2022.The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the methodology notes (section 10.5).Net banking incomeNet banking income continued to enjoy good momentum despite a more uncertain economic environment  with growth of +2.3% (+3.7%*) in Q3 22 vs. Q3 21.French Retail Banking was resilient (+0.5% vs. Q3 21). Net banking income showed a healthy momentum on service fees and in private banking.International Retail Banking & Financial Services’ revenues rose +5.6% (+13.5%*) vs. Q3 21  driven by a very good quarter for ALD and International Retail Banking. The latter saw its activities grow +13.0%* vs. Q3 21. Financial Services’ net banking income was substantially higher (+19.0%* vs. Q3 21) while Insurance net banking income increased by +2.1%* vs. Q3 21.Global Banking & Investor Solutions continued to enjoy dynamic growth  with revenues up +6.4% (+3.9%*) vs. Q3 21. Global Markets & Investor Services was higher (+11.2%  5.2%*) than in Q3 21 while Financing & Advisory activities increased by +7.0% (+1.5%*) vs. Q3 21.In 9M 22  the Group posted robust revenue growth of +10.4% (+10.9%*) vs. 9M 21  with growth in all the businesses.Operating expensesIn Q3 22  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 233 million on a reported basis and EUR 4 358 million on an underlying basis (restated for transformation costs and the linearisation of IFRIC 21)  an increase of +2.0% vs. Q3 21.In 9M 22  underlying operating expenses were up +5.4% vs. 9M 21 at EUR 13 273 million(EUR 14 020 million on a reported basis). This rise can be explained primarily by the higher contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (EUR +208 million)  the increase in the variable elements of employee remuneration including the Global Employee Share Ownership Plan (EUR +142 million) and currency effects (EUR +165 million). Excluding these variable elements  the increase in other expenses was limited at EUR 164 million vs. 9M 21 (+1.3%).Overall  underlying gross operating income increased by 2.9% in Q3 22 to EUR 2 470 million and the underlying cost to income ratio  excluding the Single Resolution Fund  decreased to 60.7%.In 9M 22  underlying gross operating income was substantially higher (+20.0% vs. 9M 21) atEUR 7 901 million.Cost of riskThe cost of risk remained contained at 31 basis points in Q3 22  or EUR 456 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans which remains limited at EUR 154 million (~10 basis points)  and an additional provision on performing loans of EUR 302 million (21 basis points).In 9M 2022  the cost of risk amounted to 29 basis points.Offshore exposure to Russia was reduced to EUR 2.3 billion of EAD (Exposure At Default) at September 30th  2022. Exposure at risk on this portfolio is estimated at less than EUR 1 billion. The total associated provisions were EUR 452 million at end-September 2022.Moreover  at end-September 2022  the Group’s residual exposure in relation to Rosbank amounted to around EUR 0.1 billion  corresponding mainly to guarantees and letters of credit that were recognised under intra-group exposure before the disposal of Rosbank.The Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 754 million at end-September  an increase of EUR 399 million in 2022.The non-performing loans ratio amounted to 2.7%(2) at September 30th  2022  down ~10 basis points vs. June 30th  2022. The Group’s gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings was stable at 50%(3) at September 30th  2022.The cost of risk is still expected to be between 30 and 35 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 9M 22 9M 21 Reported Group net income 1 498 1 601 858 3 854 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 410 1 391 4 489 4 038In EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 9M 22 9M 21 ROTE 11.2% 12.7% 1.3% 10.0% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.5% 10.9% 10.4% 10.4%(1) Adjusted for exceptional items and linearisation of IFRIC 21Earnings per share amounts to EUR 0.55 in 9M 22 (EUR 4.02 in 9M 21). Underlying earnings per share amounts to EUR 4.68 over the same period (EUR 4.06 in 9M 21).THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.3 billion at September 30th  2022 (EUR 65.1 billion at December 31st  2021). Net asset value per share was EUR 69.4 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 61.5.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 594 billion at September 30th  2022 (EUR 1 464 billion at December 31st  2021). The net amount of customer loan outstandings at September 30th  2022  including lease financing  was EUR 503 billion (EUR 488 billion at December 31st  2021) – excluding assets and securities purchased under resale agreements. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 527 billion  vs. EUR 502 billion at December 31st  2021 (excluding assets and securities sold under repurchase agreements).At October 18th  2022  the parent company had issued EUR 41.1 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 5.1 years and an average spread of 56 basis points (vs. the 6-month midswap  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 2.7 billion. In total  the Group had issued EUR 43.8 billion of medium/long-term debt.The LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio) was well above regulatory requirements at 143% at end-September 2022 (143% on average in Q3)  vs. 129% at end-December 2021. At the same time  the NSFR (Net Stable Funding Ratio) was at a level of 112% at end-September 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) amounted to EUR 371.6 billion at September 30th  2022 (vs. EUR 363.4 billion at end-December 2021) according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk represent 83.6% of the total  at EUR 310.7 billion  up 1.9% vs. December 31st  2021.At September 30th  2022  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.1%  or around 380 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET1 ratio at September 30th  2022 includes an effect of +15 basis points for phasing of the IFRS 9 impact. Excluding this effect  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 12.9%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.6% at end-September 2022 (15.9% at end-December 2021) and the total capital ratio amounted to 19.0% (18.8% at end-December 2021).The leverage ratio stood at 4.2% at September 30th  2022.With a level of 32.4% of RWA and 8.6% of leverage exposure at end-September 2022  the Group’s TLAC ratio is above the Financial Stability Board’s requirements for 2022. At September 30th  2022  the Group was also above its 2022 MREL requirements of 25.2% of RWA and 5.91% of leverage exposure.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) Fitch Ratings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 Change 9M 22 9M 21 Change Net banking income 2 176 2 165 +0.5% 6 620 6 268 +5.6% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 2 123 2 152 -1.3% 6 473 6 250 +3.6% Operating expenses (1 523) (1 502) +1.4% (4 756) (4 560) +4.3% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 579) (1 545) +2.2% (4 700) (4 517) +4.0% Gross operating income 653 663 -1.5% 1 864 1 708 +9.1% Underlying gross operating income(1) 597 620 -3.7% 1 920 1 751 +9.7% Net cost of risk (196) (8) x 24.5 (264) (145) +82.1% Operating income 457 655 -30.2% 1 600 1 563 +2.4% Net profits or losses from other assets 3 (2) n/s 6 2 x 3.0 Reported Group net income 343 470 -27.0% 1 195 1 136 +5.2% Underlying Group net income(1) 301 439 -31.3% 1 237 1 167 +5.9% RONE 10.7% 15.8% 12.9% 12.6% Underlying RONE(1) 9.4% 14.8% 13.4% 12.9%(1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21NB: including Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and international)  includes other businesses transferred following the disposal of LyxorSociete Generale and Crédit du Nord networksAverage loan outstandings were 3.7% higher than in Q3 21 at EUR 215 billion.Home loan outstandings rose +3.5% vs. Q3 21. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers were 4% higher than in Q3 21.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits including BMTN (negotiable medium-term notes) continued to rise (+1.5% vs. Q3 21) to EUR 243 billion.As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio stood at 88% in Q3 22 vs. 87% in Q3 21.Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 109 billion at end-September 2022  unchanged year-on-year (with the unit-linked share accounting for 32%). Gross life insurance inflow amounted to EUR 1.8 billion in Q3 22.Personal protection insurance premiums were up +8% vs. Q3 21 and property/casualty insurance premiums were up +4% vs. Q3 21.BoursoramaThe bank consolidated its position as the leading online bank in France  with more than 4.3 million clients at end-September 2022 (+40% vs. Q3 21)  thanks to the onboarding of 365 000 new clients in Q3 22 (x2.2 vs. Q3 21).Average outstanding loans rose +21% vs. Q3 21 to EUR 15 billion. Home loan outstandings were up +20% vs. Q3 21  while consumer loan outstandings climbed +28% vs. Q3 21.Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were 32% higher than in Q3 21 at EUR 46 billion  with deposits increasing by +37% vs. Q3 21. Brokerage recorded more than 1.5 million transactions in Q3 22.The exclusive offering reserved for ING customers ended successfully on September 30th. The customer acquisition rate was 63% or around 315 000 ING customers out of the 500 000 eligible customers. They consist mainly of affluent customers. The outstandings collected total around EUR 8.5 billion and consist mainly of life insurance outstandings.Private BankingPrivate Banking activities  which were transferred to French Retail Banking at the beginning of 2022  cover the activities in France and internationally. Assets under management totalled EUR 146 billion at end-September. Net inflow totalled EUR 1.3 billion in Q3 22. Net banking income amounted toEUR 325 million in Q3 22 (+11.5% vs. Q3 21).Net banking incomeQ3 22: revenues totalled EUR 2 176 million  up +0.5% vs. Q3 21 including PEL/CEL  due to good commercial activity. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  was down -4.5% vs. Q3 21  impacted primarily by the higher rate on regulated savings accounts and a time lag effect in the rise in rates on new home loans due to the usury rate. Fees increased by +6.5% vs.Q3 21  driven by the sharp rise in service fees and the performance of financial fees.9M 22: revenues totalled EUR 6 620 million  up +5.6% vs. 9M 21  including PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  was up +4.6% vs. 9M 21. Fees were 6.8% higher than in 9M 21  benefiting from the strong growth in service fees.Operating expensesQ3 22: operating expenses totalled EUR 1 523 million (+1.4% vs. Q3 21) and EUR 1 579 million on an underlying basis (+2.2% vs. Q3 21). The cost to income ratio stood at 70%  an increase of 0.6 points vs. Q3 21.9M 22: operating expenses totalled EUR 4 756 million (+4.3% vs. 9M 21). The cost to income ratio stood at 72%  down 1 point vs. 9M 21.Cost of riskQ3 22: the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 196 million or 32 basis points  including in particular EUR 123 million on performing loans (20 basis points). It was higher than inQ3 21 (1 basis point).9M 22: the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 264 million or 14 basis points  higher than in9M 21 (8 basis points).Contribution to Group net incomeQ3 22: the contribution to Group net income was EUR 343 million in Q3 22  down 27.0% vs. Q3 21 (EUR 470 million in Q3 21). RONE (after linearisation of the IFRIC 21 charge) stood at 9.4% in Q3 22 (10.9% excluding Boursorama).9M 22: the contribution to Group net income was EUR 1 195 million  up +5.2% vs. 9M 21. RONE (after linearisation of the IFRIC 21 charge) stood at 13.4% in 9M 22.INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 Change 9M 22 9M 21 Change Net banking income 2 226 2 107 +5.6% +13.5%* 6 753 5 958 +13.3% +17.9%* Operating expenses (1 006) (1 015) -0.9% +10.6%* (3 234) (3 115) +3.8% +9.5%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 037) (1 039) -0.2% +11.1%* (3 203) (3 091) +3.6% +9.3%* Gross operating income 1 220 1 092 +11.7% +16.1%* 3 519 2 843 +23.8% +26.8%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 189 1 068 +11.3% +15.8%* 3 550 2 867 +23.8% +26.8%* Net cost of risk (150) (145) +3.4% +7.3%* (572) (408) +40.2% -4.6%* Operating income 1 070 947 +13.0% +17.4%* 2 947 2 435 +21.0% +35.5%* Net profits or losses from other assets 2 4 -50.0% -50.0%* 12 10 +20.0% +19.3%* Reported Group net income 624 584 +6.8% +13.2%* 1 718 1 498 +14.7% +29.4%* Underlying Group net income(1) 606 570 +6.3% +12.8%* 1 736 1 512 +14.8% +29.4%* RONE 23.8% 22.6% 21.4% 19.7% Underlying RONE(1) 23.1% 22.1% 21.7% 19.9%(1) Adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans totalled EUR 86.7 billion  up +6.2%* vs. Q3 21. Outstanding deposits were slightly higher (+0.8%*) than in Q3 21  at EUR 80.9 billion.For the Europe scope  outstanding loans were up +5.9%* vs. end-September 2021 at EUR 62.7 billion  driven by a positive momentum in the Czech Republic (+9.1%*) and in Romania (+8.6%*). Outstanding deposits declined -1.7%* to EUR 54.3 billion. The good momentum in Romania and Western Europe was offset by a slowdown in the Czech Republic notably due to a shift towards financial savings.In Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  outstanding loans confirmed their rebound  with an increase of +7.0%*. Outstanding deposits continued to enjoy a good momentum  up +6.2%*.In the Insurance business  life insurance outstandings totalled EUR 130 billion at end-September 2022. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings was still high at 35%  stable vs. September 2021. Gross life insurance savings inflow amounted to EUR 2 573 million in Q3 22 in a highly volatile market. The share of unit-linked products remained high at 39% in Q3 22. Protection insurance saw an increase of +2.8%* vs. Q3 21  with a good momentum for property/casualty insurance premiums.Financial Services also enjoyed a very good momentum. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +5.2% vs. end-September 2021 and the number of contracts totalled 1.8 million. Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher (+0.5%) than at end-September 2021  at EUR 14.5 billion (excluding factoring).Net banking incomeNet banking income amounted to EUR 2 226 million in Q3 22  up +13.5%* vs. Q3 21. Revenues amounted to EUR 6 753 million in 9M 22  up +17.9%* vs. 9M 21.International Retail Banking’s net banking income totalled EUR 1 260 million in Q3 22  up +13.0%*. International Retail Banking’s net banking income totalled EUR 3 873 million in 9M 22  up +12.6%* vs. 9M 21.Revenues in Europe climbed +14.5%* vs. Q3 21  due primarily to substantial growth in net interest income (+16.2%* vs. Q3 21)  driven by the Czech Republic (+41.1%* vs. Q3 21) and Romania (+20.1%* vs. Q3 21).The Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories scope posted revenues up +10.5%* vs. Q3 21 at EUR 485 million  driven by all the entities.The Insurance business posted net banking income up +2.1%* vs. Q3 21  at EUR 247 million. The Insurance business’ net banking income was 5.1%* higher in 9M 22 than in 9M 21 at EUR 749 million.Financial Services’ net banking income was substantially higher (+19.0%*) than in Q3 21  at EUR 719 million. This performance is due primarily at ALD level to a good commercial momentum  a strong used car sale result (EUR 3 149 per vehicle in 9M 22)  a depreciation adjustment and  to a lesser extent  the transfer to hyperinflation accounting for activities in Turkey. Financial Services’ net banking income totalled EUR 2 131 million in 9M 22  up +35.0%* vs. 9M 21.Operating expensesOperating expenses increased by +11.1%*(1) vs. Q3 21 to EUR 1 037 million(1)  resulting in a positive jaws effect. The cost to income ratio (after linearisation of the IFRIC 21 charge) stood at 46.6%(1) in Q3 22  lower than in Q3 21 (49.3%(1)). Operating expenses totalled EUR 3 203 million(1) in 9M 22  up +9.3%*(1) vs. 9M 21.In International Retail Banking  operating expenses were up +6.2%*(1) vs. Q3 21.In the Insurance business  operating expenses rose +5.7%*(1) vs. Q3 21  with a cost to income ratio (after linearisation of the IFRIC 21 charge) of 38.7%(1).In Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +26.9%*(1) vs. Q3 21. This rise is due in particular to the recognition in Q3 22 of charges related to the preparation of the acquisition of Leaseplan.Cost of riskIn Q3 22  the cost of risk was higher at 47 basis points (EUR 150 million)  vs. 43 basis points in Q3 21.On 9M 22  the cost of risk amounted to 56 basis points (EUR 572 million). It was 41 basis points in 9M 21.Contribution to Group net incomeThe contribution to Group net income totalled EUR 606 million(1) in Q3 22  up +12.8%*(1) vs. Q3 21. The contribution to Group net income totalled EUR 1 736 million(1) in 9M 22 (+29.4%*(1) vs. 9M 21).Underlying RONE stood at 23.1% in Q3 22 and 21.7% in 9M 22. Underlying RONE was 18.4% in International Retail Banking and 28.0% in Financial Services and Insurance in Q3 22.GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 Variation 9M 22 9M 21 Variation Net banking income 2 312 2 172 +6.4% +3.9%* 7 630 6 671 +14.4% +12.4%* Operating expenses (1 428) (1 457) -2.0% -2.7%* (5 165) (4 848) +6.5% +6.4%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 613) (1 578) +2.2% +1.6%* (4 980) (4 727) +5.3% +5.2%* Gross operating income 884 715 +23.6% +16.6%* 2 465 1 823 +35.2% +27.4%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 699 594 +17.6% +9.6%* 2 650 1 944 +36.3% +28.9%* Net cost of risk (80) (44) +81.8% +58.6%* (343) (62) x 5.5 x 5.1* Operating income 804 671 +19.8% +13.6%* 2 122 1 761 +20.5% +13.7%* Reported Group net income 629 544 +15.6% +10.1%* 1 673 1 397 +19.8% +13.2%* Underlying Group net income(1) 486 451 +7.8% +1.6%* 1 816 1 490 +21.9% +15.6%* RONE 16.7% 15.0% +0.0% +0.0%* 15.3% 13.5% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying RONE(1) 12.9% 12.5% +0.0% +0.0%* 16.6% 14.4% +0.0% +0.0%*(1) Adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21NB: excluding Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and International). Excludes businesses transferred following the disposal of LyxorNet banking incomeGlobal Banking & Investor Solutions delivered a very solid performance in Q3  with revenues ofEUR 2 312 million  up +6.4% vs. Q3 21.Revenues increased substantially in 9M 22  +14.4% vs. 9M 21 (EUR 7 630 million vs. EUR 6 671 million).In Global Markets & Investor Services  net banking income totalled EUR 1 505 million in Q3 22 (+11.2% vs. Q3 21). It amounted to EUR 5 212 million in 9M 22  +18.6% vs. 9M 21.Global Markets turned in a strong performance in Q3 22 (EUR 1 344 million)  up +12.1% vs. Q3 21  benefiting from dynamic commercial activity in a still volatile environment. Revenues were higher in 9M 22 (+18.8%) than in 9M 21 at EUR 4 637 million.The Equity activity delivered a solid performance in Q3 (EUR 806 million  +1.0% vs. Q3 21)  driven by a sustained high client demand in both flow activities and investment solutions. Revenues were up +9.6% in 9M 22 vs. 9M 21 at EUR 2 649 million.Fixed Income & Currency activities posted substantially higher revenues (+34.2% vs. Q3 21) atEUR 538 million in a volatile rate environment. Revenues increased to EUR 1 988 million in 9M 22 (+33.8% vs. 9M 21).Securities Services saw its revenues increase +3.9% vs. Q3 21  to EUR 161 million. Revenues were up +17.3% in 9M 22 vs. 9M 21 at EUR 575 million. Securities Services’ assets under custody and assets under administration amounted to EUR 4 275 billion and EUR 598 billion respectively.Financing & Advisory posted revenues of EUR 807 million  up +7.0% vs. Q3 21. They amounted to EUR 2 418 million in 9M 22  significantly higher (+14.7%) than in 9M 21.The Global Banking & Advisory business  slightly lower (-1.4% vs. Q3 21)  continued to capitalise on the good market momentum in Asset Finance and activities related to Natural Resources. These performances were also driven by the strategy focused on Environmental  Social and Governance criteria. The Asset-Backed Products platform also showed good resilience in Q3. In contrast  Investment Banking was negatively impacted by current market conditions and the decline in volumes.Global Transaction and Payment Services continued to experience very high growth  up +50.0% vs. Q3 21. It was a record quarter as a result of a very good performance in all activities  particularly Cash Management and Correspondent Banking.Operating expensesOperating expenses totalled EUR 1 428 million in Q3 22  -2.0% lower than in Q3 21 on a reported basis  and slightly higher (+2.2%) on an underlying basis. The increase on an underlying basis can be explained primarily by the rise of EUR 64 million in linearised IFRIC 21 charges in Q3.With a positive jaws effect  the underlying cost to income ratio excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund improved to 63.0%.Operating expenses were up +6.5% on a reported basis and +5.3% on an underlying basis in9M 22.Cost of riskThe cost of risk amounted to 17 basis points (or EUR 80 million) in Q3 22  with cost of risk amounting to EUR 43 million on the Russian offshore portfolio.It stood at 26 basis points (or EUR 343 million) in 9M 22 given the provisioning on the Russian offshore portfolio (EUR 303 million).Contribution to Group net incomeThe contribution to Group net income was EUR 629 million on a reported basis (+15.6% vs. Q3 21) and EUR 486 million on an underlying basis in Q3 22. It was EUR 1 673 million on a reported basis and EUR 1 816 million on an underlying basis in 9M 22.Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted an underlying RONE of 12.9% in Q3 22 and 16.1% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (vs. 14.6% in Q3 21). The underlying RONE was 16.6% in 9M 22 vs. 14.4% in 9M 21.CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 9M 22 9M 21 Net banking income 114 228 171 281 Operating expenses (276) (196) (865) (502) Underlying operating expenses(1) (129) (110) (390) (259) Gross operating income (162) 32 (694) (221) Underlying gross operating income(1) (15) 118 (219) 22 Net cost of risk (30) 1 (55) 1 Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 173 (3 304) 174 Income tax 152 (166) 485 (6) Reported Group net income (98) 3 (3 728) (177) Underlying Group net income(1) 16 (69) (299) (132)(1) Adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects as well as certain costs incurred by the Group not re-invoiced to the businesses.The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR 114 million in Q3 22 vs. EUR +228 million in Q3 21  and EUR +171 million in 9M 22 vs. EUR +281 million in 9M 21.Operating expenses totalled EUR 276 million in Q3 22 vs. EUR 196 million in Q3 21. They include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR 160 million relating to the activities of French Retail Banking (EUR 100 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR 24 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR 36 million). Underlying costs came to EUR 129 million in Q3 22 compared to EUR 110 million in Q3 21.In 9M 22  operating expenses totalled EUR 865 million vs. EUR 502 million in 9M 21. Transformation costs totalled EUR 462 million (EUR 301 million for the activities of French Retail Banking  EUR 63 million for Global Banking & Investor Solutions and EUR 98 million for the Corporate Centre). Underlying costs came to EUR 390 million in 9M 22 compared to EUR 259 million in 9M 21.Gross operating income totalled EUR -162 million in Q3 22 vs. EUR 32 million in Q3 21. Underlying gross operating income came to EUR -15 million in Q3 22 vs. EUR 118 million in Q3 21. In 9M 22  gross operating income was EUR -694 million on a reported basis (vs. EUR -221 million in 9M 21) andEUR -219 million on an underlying basis (vs. EUR 22 million in 9M 21).The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income was EUR -98 million in Q3 22 vs.EUR 3 million in Q3 21. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income on an underlying basis was EUR 16 million. In 9M 22  the contribution to Group net income was EUR -3 728 million on a reported basis and EUR -299 million on an underlying basis.2022 AND 2023 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2022 and 2023 Financial communication calendarFebruary 8th  2023 Fourth quarter and FY 2022 results May 12th  2023 First quarter 2023 resultsMay 23rd  2023 2023 General MeetingAugust 3rd  2023 Second quarter 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 Variation 9M 22 9M 21 Variation French Retail Banking 343 470 -27.0% 1 195 1 136 +5.2% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 624 584 +6.8% 1 718 1 498 +14.7% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 629 544 +15.6% 1 673 1 397 +19.8% Core Businesses 1 596 1 598 -0.1% 4 586 4 031 +13.8% Corporate Centre (98) 3 n/s (3 728) (177) n/s Group 1 498 1 601 -6.4% 858 3 854 -77.7%CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 30.09.2022 31.12.2021 Cash  due from central banks 200 834 179 969 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 396 846 342 714 Hedging derivatives 30 998 13 239 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 41 337 43 450 Securities at amortised cost 20 281 19 371 Due from banks at amortised cost 77 736 55 972 Customer loans at amortised cost 513 138 497 164 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (1 514) 131 Investments of insurance companies 158 923 178 898 Tax assets 4 500 4 812 Other assets 112 517 92 898 Non-current assets held for sale 6 27 Deferred profit-sharing 982 - Investments accounted for using the equity method 115 95 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 33 048 31 968 Goodwill 3 794 3 741 Total 1 593 541 1 464 449In EUR m 30.09.2022 31.12.2021 Due to central banks 9 392 5 152 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 367 483 307 563 Hedging derivatives 44 641 10 425 Debt securities issued 125 189 135 324 Due to banks 149 785 139 177 Customer deposits 534 732 509 133 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (8 984) 2 832 Tax liabilities 1 735 1 577 Other liabilities 134 535 106 305 Non-current liabilities held for sale - 1 Insurance contracts related liabilities 140 452 155 288 Provisions 4 907 4 850 Subordinated debts 17 601 15 959 Total liabilities 1 521 468 1 393 586 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 497 21 913 Other equity instruments 7 676 7 534 Retained earnings 34 622 30 631 Net income 858 5 641 Sub-total 64 653 65 719 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 1 658 (652) Sub-total equity  Group share 66 311 65 067 Non-controlling interests 5 762 5 796 Total equity 72 073 70 863 Total 1 593 541 1 464 449APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2022 was examined by the Board of Directors on November 3rd  2022 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in note 8.1 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2021 (pages 482 et seq. of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document.4 - IFRIC 21 adjustmentThe IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed.The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (« SRF ») are part of IFRIC21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU.5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying dataIt may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment.Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings.The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below:in EUR m Q3 22 Q3 21 9M 22 9M 21 Exceptional operating expenses (-) (125) (102) 747 431 IFRIC linearisation (285) (199) 285 199 Transformation costs(1) 160 97 462 232 Of which related to French Retail Banking 100 46 301 106 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 24 23 63 66 Of which related to Corporate Centre 36 28 98 60 Exceptional Net profit or losses from other assets (+/-) 0 (185) 3 303 (185) Net losses from the disposal of Russian activities(1) 0 3 300 Lyxor disposal(1) 0 3 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) (125) (287) 4 050 246 Reported Net income - Group Share 1 498 1 601 858 3 854 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) (88) (211) 3 631 184 Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 410 1 391 4 489 4 038(1) Allocated to Corporate Centre6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 43 and 663 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 9M 22 9M 21 French Retail Banking Net Cost Of Risk 196 8 264 145 Gross loan Outstandings 246 467 234 980 244 941 234 525 Cost of Risk in bp 32 1 14 8 International Retail Banking and Financial Services Net Cost Of Risk 150 145 572 408 Gross loan Outstandings 127 594 134 725 136 405 132 088 Cost of Risk in bp 47 43 56 41 Global Banking and Investor Solutions Net Cost Of Risk 80 44 343 62 Gross loan Outstandings 190 678 149 761 179 454 144 456 Cost of Risk in bp 17 12 26 7 Corporate Centre Net Cost Of Risk 30 (1) 55 (1) Gross loan Outstandings 15 924 14 244 15 093 13 589 Cost of Risk in bp 75 (1) 49 (1) Societe Generale Group Net Cost Of Risk 456 196 1 234 614 Gross loan Outstandings 580 663 533 711 575 893 524 659 Cost of Risk in bp 31 15 29 16The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).7 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 and 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves”. For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q3 22 Q3 21 9M 22 9M 21 Shareholders' equity Group share 66 311 63 638 66 311 63 638 Deeply subordinated notes (9 350) (7 820) (9 350) (7 820) Undated subordinated notes - - - - Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (80) (34) (80) (34) OCI excluding conversion reserves 1 259 (613) 1 259 (613) Distribution provision(2) (1 916) (1 726) (1 916) (1 726) Distribution N-1 to be paid (334) - (334) - ROE equity end-of-period 55 891 53 445 55 891 53 445 Average ROE equity(3) 55 264 52 947 54 922 52 219 Average Goodwill (3 667) (3 927) (3 646) (3 927) Average Intangible Assets (2 730) (2 599) (2 735) (2 549) Average ROTE equity(3) 48 867 46 421 48 541 45 743 Group net Income 1 498 1 601 858 3 854 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (126) (130) (404) (439) Cancellation of goodwill impairment 1 - 3 - Ajusted Group net Income 1 373 1 471 457 3 415 Average ROTE equity(3) 48 867 46 421 48 541 45 743 ROTE 11.2% 12.7% 1.3% 10.0% Underlying Group net income 1 410 1 391 4 489 4 038 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (126) (130) (404) (439) Cancellation of goodwill impairment 1 - 3 - Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 1 285 1 261 4 088 3 599 Average ROTE equity (underlying)(3) 48 779 46 210 52 172 45 927 Underlying ROTE 10.5% 10.9% 10.4% 10.4%(1) Interest payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(2) The distribution to be paid is calculated based on a pay-out ratio of 50% of the underlying Group net income  after deduction of deeply subordinated notes and on undated subordinated notes(3) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2021 (See Note 1.7 of the financial statements)RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm)In EURm Q3 22 Q3 21 Change 9M 22 9M 21 Change French Retail Banking 12 876 11 867 +8.5% 12 331 12 065 +2.2% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 505 10 340 +1.6% 10 681 10 154 +5.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 072 14 486 +4.0% 14 619 13 824 +5.8% Core Businesses 38 453 36 693 +4.8% 37 631 36 042 +4.4% Corporate Center 16 811 16 254 +3.4% 17 291 16 177 +6.9% Group 55 264 52 947 +4.4% 54 922 52 219 +5.2%NB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor8 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 46 of the Group’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 9M 22 H1 22 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 66 311 64 583 65 067 Deeply subordinated notes (9 350) (8 683) (8 003) Undated subordinated notes Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (80) (8) 20 Bookvalue of own shares in trading portfolio (125) (222) 37 Net Asset Value 56 756 55 669 57 121 Goodwill (3 667) (3 667) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 788) (2 672) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 50 301 49 330 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 817 789 831 045 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 69.4 67.0 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 61.5 59.4 61.1(1) Interest payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(2) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.In accordance with IAS 33  historical data per share prior to the date of detachment of a preferential subscription right are restated by the adjustment coefficient for the transaction.9 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5.The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 9M 22 H1 22 2021 Existing shares 844 376 842 540 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 050 6 041 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 10 566 5 416 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 827 760 831 084 846 261 Group net Income 858 (640) 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (404) (278) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EURm) 454 (918) 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 0.55 (1.10) 5.97 Underlying EPS(2) (in EUR) 4.68 2.87 5.52(1) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.(2) Calculated on the basis of underlying Group net income (excluding linearisation of IFRIC 21).10 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking which encompasses the Societe Generale  Credit du Nord and Boursorama brands. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.Key figures as of 30 June 2022.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website www.societegenerale.com .([1]) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Phased-in ratio (fully-loaded ratio of 12.9%) (3) Excluding IFRS 9 phasing effectThe footnote * corresponds to data adjusted for changes in Group Structure and at constant exchange rates([2]) NPL ratio calculated according to the EBA methodology published on July 16th  2019([3])Ratio between S3 provisions and the gross book value of non-performing loans before offsetting of guarantees and collateralAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.81,0.07,0.11,True,English,"['Third quarter 2022 earnings', 'Societe Generale', 'Société Générale', 'Fréderic Oudéa', 'Underlying Group net income', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'Single Resolution Fund', 'STRENGTHENED CAPITAL POSITION', 'retail banking networks', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'several major milestones', 'next General Meeting', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'solid commercial performance', 'ROBUST BALANCE SHEET', 'Net banking income', 'Good business performance', 'prudent provisioning policy', 'Gross operating income', 'EXCELLENT UNDERLYING PERFORMANCE', 'legal merger date', 'Good cost control', 'Societe Generale Group', 'robust performance', 'Net cost', 'Net profits', 'income ratio', 'Income tax', 'underlying cost', 'underlying data', 'continued control', 'good progress', 'good momentum', 'operating expenses', 'Underlying profitability', 'Press release', 'strong growth', 'Financial Services', 'Global Markets', 'limited increase', 'CET 1 ratio', 'regulatory requirement', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES', 'regulatory approvals', 'approval process', 'rights issue', 'first quarter', 'ESG ambition', 'loan portfolios', 'complex geopolitical', 'economic environment', 'third quarter', 'contained cost', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'coming months', 'sustainable growth', 'other assets', 'non-controlling interests', 'exceptional items', 'various restatements', 'published data', 'methodology notes', 'excellent results', 'Successful finalisation', 'eligible customers', 'increasing revenues', 'orderly transition', 'STRONG RESULTS', '31 basis points', '~10 basis points', '380 basis points', 'Board member', 'EURm Q3', '186 n', '315,000 customers', 'SEPTEMBER', 'Paris', 'November', 'resilience', 'Financing', 'Advisory', 'Improvement', 'contribution', 'risk', 'two-thirds', 'loans', 'level', 'defaults', 'ROTE', '9M', 'end-June', 'EXECUTION', 'France', 'January', 'partnership', 'Boursorama', 'transfer', 'outstandings', 'Acquisition', 'Leaseplan', 'ALD', 'track', 'year', 'closing', 'acceleration', 'decarbonisation', 'Story', 'Directors', 'successor', 'May', 'effective', 'Change', 'losses', 'ROE', 'linearisation', 'IFRIC', 'chairmanship', 'section', 'uncerta', '60', '2022']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12713,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-expert-examines-the-threats-to-bidens-student-loan-forgiveness-program-and-analyzes-the-potential-state-income-taxation-for-borrowers-301669329.html,Wolters Kluwer Expert Examines the Threats to Biden's Student Loan Forgiveness Program and Analyzes the Potential State Income Taxation for Borrowers,Senior legal analyst examines recent developments as Biden's Student Loan Forgiveness Program begins to take shape NEW YORK  Nov. 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- What: Seven states may tax student loan forgiveness under the Biden Administration program Why: During hi…,"Senior legal analyst examines recent developments as Biden's Student Loan Forgiveness Program begins to take shapeNEW YORK  Nov. 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ --What: Seven states may tax student loan forgiveness under the Biden Administration programWolters Kluwer Expert Examines the Threats to Biden’s Student Loan Forgiveness Program and Analyzes the Potential State Income Taxation for BorrowersWhy: During his 2020 campaign  President Biden touted promises of student loan forgiveness  and on August 24  his administration announced that the application for debt relief was coming soon. Although the application was officially released on October 17  the program itself is currently ""on hold "" with no debt allowed to be forgiven until federal appeals courts  and potentially the Supreme Court  resolve ongoing challenges to the program. While the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (ARPA) ensures that this debt forgiveness is not subject to federal income taxes  some states are still looking to impose state income taxes.In her new Strategic Perspective entitled ""Fate of Student Loan Forgiveness Program Unclear  but State Income Tax Consequences for Borrowers Taking Shape""  Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. Senior Legal Analyst Anne H. Gibson offers keen insights on the program by analyzing eligibility  legal opposition  how it differs from other cancellation of debt initiatives  and how state income tax will affect it. In addition  Gibson provides a comprehensive map and chart detailing the quickly developing debt cancellation program. The map highlights states that will tax forgiven student debt  states that will not  and states that may do so. The chart breaks down each state's conformity with the IRC definition of income as well as relevant code sections.Who: Anne H. Gibson  J.D.  LL.M.The student loan forgiveness program is sure to be a boon to many borrowers  but the one-time debt relief could result in an additional tax burden for those living in states that have chosen to tax it. Some opponents of the program have even based their legal challenges on this potential state taxation. - Anne H. Gibson  J.D.  LL.M. Senior Legal AnalystTo read the full Strategic Perspective  visit: Fate of Student Loan Forgiveness Program Unclear  but State Income Tax Consequences for Borrowers Taking ShapeContact: To arrange an interview with Anne H. Gibson  or other legal experts from Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. on this or any other legal topics  please contact Linda Gharib: [email protected]About Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk  and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.0,0.76,0.23,mixed,0.22,0.08,0.69,True,English,"['Student Loan Forgiveness Program', 'Potential State Income Taxation', 'Wolters Kluwer Expert', 'Threats', 'Biden', 'Borrowers', 'Regulatory U.S. Senior Legal Analyst Anne H. Gibson', 'LL.M. Senior Legal Analyst', 'American Rescue Plan Act', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Student Loan Forgiveness Program', 'Potential State Income Taxation', 'State Income Tax Consequences', 'potential state taxation', 'state income taxes', 'federal income taxes', 'federal appeals courts', 'relevant code sections', 'additional tax burden', 'full Strategic Perspective', 'deep domain knowledge', 'other legal experts', 'other legal topics', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'new Strategic Perspective', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'Wolters Kluwer Expert', 'one-time debt relief', 'debt cancellation program', 'Biden Administration program', 'regulatory sectors', 'debt forgiveness', 'student debt', 'legal opposition', 'legal challenges', 'other cancellation', 'ADR) program', 'NEW YORK', 'expert solutions', 'debt initiatives', 'recent developments', 'Supreme Court', 'ongoing challenges', 'keen insights', 'IRC definition', 'J.D.', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'counter market', 'President Biden', 'comprehensive map', 'professional information', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'many borrowers', 'Seven states', 'shape', 'PRNewswire', 'Threats', 'Why', '2020 campaign', 'promises', 'August', 'application', 'October', 'ARPA', 'Fate', 'eligibility', 'chart', 'conformity', 'boon', 'opponents', 'visit', 'interview', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email', 'SOURCE']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,prnewswire.com
12714,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2022-11-4-galapagos-presents-roadmap-for-pipeline-and-commercial-growth-at-its-r-and-d-day-2022,Galapagos presents roadmap for pipeline and commercial growth at its R&D Day 2022,CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today held its R&D Day 2022  featuring presentations of key opinion leaders and company management on the strategic  scientific  and commercial progress at the company.,CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today held its R&D Day 2022  featuring presentations of key opinion leaders and company management on the strategic  scientific  and commercial progress at the company.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['R&D Day', 'commercial growth', 'Galapagos', 'roadmap', 'pipeline', 'R&D Day', 'key opinion leaders', 'Galapagos NV', 'commercial progress', 'company management', 'CET', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'presentations']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,markets.buffalonews.com
12715,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2022-11-4-oxurion-receives-transparency-notification-from-fidelity-management-and-research-company-llc,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC,Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC is controlled by FMR LLC. FMR LLC is not a controlled entity Oxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies ,Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC is controlled by FMR LLC. FMR LLC is not a controlled entity Oxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Research Company LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Fidelity Management', 'Oxurion', 'next generation standard', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Research Company LLC', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'FMR LLC', 'Fidelity Management', 'controlled entity', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Oxurion']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,markets.buffalonews.com
12716,EuroNext,Bing API,https://spaceref.com/space-commerce/successful-launch-of-eutelsat-hotbird-13g-satellite/,Successful Launch of EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G Satellite,Eutelsat announced that EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite was successfully launched into Geostationary Transfer Orbit by American space launch provider SpaceX using a Falcon 9 rocket,Eutelsat EUTELSATEutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) (Paris:ETL) announced that EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite was successfully launched into Geostationary Transfer Orbit by American space launch provider SpaceX using a Falcon 9 rocket that lifted off from Cape Canaveral  Florida  USA at 1.22 am Eastern time on November 3rd (corresponding to 5.22 am UTC and 6.22 am CET on November 3rd).The separation of the all-electric satellite occurred after a 35-minute flight and the spacecraft systems initialisation was successfully completed over a period of 3 hours.EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G is the second of two satellites built by manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space to be placed at Eutelsat’s flagship 13-degree East neighbourhood position  replacing three older satellites. It is also based on the Eurostar Neo telecommunications satellite platform  developed under an ESA Partnership Project with Airbus designed to foster innovation and competitiveness in the European space industry. Once into orbit and positioned  the satellite EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G will  with its twin EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F launched on October 15th  reinforce and enhance the broadcast of more than a thousand television channels into homes across Europe  Northern Africa and the Middle East. Moreover  the two satellites will offer advanced features in terms of uplink signal protection and resilience.In February 2021  Eutelsat was entrusted once again by the European Union Agency for the Space Programme (EUSPA) to host the EGNOS GEO-4 payload  which is on board EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G. Eutelsat already operates the EGNOS GEO-3 payload on its EUTELSAT 5 West B satellite.EGNOS is the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service that acts as an augmentation service to global positioning systems  to improve the reliability of positioning information. This is ensured by a crucial integrity message which is essential in aviation where the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) alone doesnot satisfy strict operational requirements set by the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO). It is especially important during critical aircraft flight stages such as the final approach. Other transport means including maritime and rail benefit from this EGNOS Safety of Life service. EGNOS also increases the positioning accuracy for other applications  such as precision farming  geomatics  land management and maritime.Eva Berneke  Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer said: “EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G is now on its way to join EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F at our flagship 13-degree East position. We also look forward to completing the GNSS network for our European Union long term customer and partner  the EUSPA. My congratulations to the Eutelsat  Airbus and SpaceX teams for another successful launch into geostationary orbit.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world’s leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.comContactsMediaAnita BaltagiTel.: +33 1 53 98 47 47abaltagi@eutelsat.comDaphné Joseph-GabrielTel.: +33 1 53 98 47 47djosephgabriel@eutelsat.comInvestorsThomas CardielTel.: +33 1 53 98 46 81tcardiel@eutelsat.com,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.04,0.46,True,English,"['EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G Satellite', 'Successful Launch', 'Eurostar Neo telecommunications satellite platform', 'European Union long term customer', 'flagship 13-degree East neighbourhood position', 'European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service', 'flagship 13-degree East position', 'Global Navigation Satellite System', 'critical aircraft flight stages', 'International Civil Aviation Organisation', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'a thousand television channels', 'EUTELSAT 5 West B satellite', 'American space launch provider', 'twin EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F', 'satellite EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G', 'EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite', 'European Union Agency', 'leading satellite operators', 'European space industry', 'uplink signal protection', 'crucial integrity message', 'strict operational requirements', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'one billion viewers', 'uncluttered space environment', 'Other transport means', 'leading media groups', 'Geostationary Transfer Orbit', 'three older satellites', 'EGNOS GEO-4 payload', 'EGNOS GEO-3 payload', 'global positioning systems', '7,000 television channels', 'electric satellite', 'Middle East', 'geostationary orbit', '35-minute flight', 'successful launch', 'global fleet', 'Space Programme', 'spacecraft systems', 'augmentation service', 'Life service', 'other applications', 'Contacts Media', 'Eutelsat EUTELSAT', 'positioning information', 'positioning accuracy', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Falcon 9 rocket', 'Cape Canaveral', 'Eastern time', 'two satellites', 'Partnership Project', 'Northern Africa', 'advanced features', 'final approach', 'EGNOS Safety', 'precision farming', 'land management', 'Eva Berneke', 'ground infrastructure', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'sustainable development', 'business activities', 'orbit resources', 'digital divide', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'Anita Baltagi', 'Daphné Joseph-Gabriel', 'Thomas Cardiel', 'Euronext Paris', 'GNSS network', 'SpaceX teams', 'Airbus Defence', 'ETL', 'Florida', 'November', 'separation', 'period', '3 hours', 'manufacturer', 'innovation', 'competitiveness', 'October', 'broadcast', 'homes', 'terms', 'resilience', 'February', 'EUSPA', 'board', 'reliability', 'ICAO', 'maritime', 'rail', 'geomatics', 'way', 'congratulations', 'world', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'Data', 'Government', 'Fixed', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', 'Tel.', 'Investors', 'tcardiel', '1.22', '5.22', '33', '53']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,spaceref.com
12717,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/fahd-khadraoui-appointed-chief-executive-173000235.html,Fahd Khadraoui appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company,Fahd Khadraoui appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company  (Euronext: MBWS) announces that Mr Fahd Khadraoui has been appointed as of today Chief Executive Officer. He replaces Andrew Highcock who leaves the group to pursue new projects.,Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsCharenton-le-Pont  4 November 2022Fahd Khadraoui appointed Chief Executive Officer of the CompanyMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) announces that Mr Fahd Khadraoui has been appointed as of today Chief Executive Officer. He replaces Andrew Highcock who leaves the group to pursue new projects.The Board of Directors is grateful for the achievements accomplished by Mr. Andrew Highcock since he joined the Group in October 2018.Present alongside the Company and Group management since 2019 as Director of Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions and Corporate Secretary  Mr Fahd Khadraoui  a graduate of Ecole Centrale Lyon  thus benefits from an excellent knowledge of the Group and the wine and spirits market. He is ideally positioned to take on the role of CEO. Under his leadership  the Group's Executive Committee will continue to improve profitability and implement a growth strategy.Contact Investor relations and shareholdersGroupe MBWSEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTél : +33 1 43 91 62 40 Contact PresseImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTél : +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'Fahd Khadraoui', 'Company', 'Ecole Centrale Lyon', 'EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index', 'Maison Marie Brizard', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Mr Fahd Khadraoui', 'Mr. Andrew Highcock', 'shareholders Groupe MBWS', 'Executive Committee', 'new projects', 'The Board', 'Corporate Secretary', 'excellent knowledge', 'Investor relations', 'Tél', 'Claire Doligez', 'Laurence Maury', 'United States', 'long tradition', 'rich portfolio', 'market segments', 'William Peel', 'Cognac Gautier', 'Compartment B', 'Group management', 'growth strategy', 'Emilie Drexler', 'Contact Presse', 'innovative spirit', 'trusted brands', 'The Group', 'leading brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'Image Sept', 'spirits market', 'spirits group', 'Charenton-le-Pont', 'Company', 'today', 'Directors', 'achievements', 'October', 'Mergers', 'Acquisitions', 'graduate', 'role', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'profitability', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'combination', 'birth', 'modernity', 'origins', 'customers', 'bold', 'flavour', 'experiences', 'Sobieski', 'Story', 'Attachment', '4']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,ca.sports.yahoo.com
12718,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mbws-information-financial-terms-regarding-173000855.html,MBWS - Information on the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,Information on the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock as Chief Executive Officer of the Company  (Euronext: MBWS) discloses  in accordance with the recommendations of the 2018 AMF report on corporate governance and the remuneration of executives of listed companies ,Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits(the « Company »)Information on the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock as Chief Executive Officer of the CompanyMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) discloses  in accordance with the recommendations of the 2018 AMF report on corporate governance and the remuneration of executives of listed companies  the information relating to the financial terms regarding the termination of the functions of Mr. Andrew Highcock as Chief Executive Officer  which were approved by the Board of Directors on November 4  2022  on the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee which met the same day.Severance packageThe Company has committed to pay  in the event of the departure of the Chief Executive Officer  a compensation equal to the average gross remuneration  the variable remuneration and the relocation bonus that the latter received during the last 6 months preceding the date of departure. The benefit of this severance compensation is subject to the achievement of performance criteria to be assessed by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors having noted the achievement of the said performance criteria  Mr. Andrew Highcock's severance package will amount to €394 860  before taxes.In accordance with the legal regulations in effect  the payment of this severance package remains subject to the approval of the next General Meeting of Shareholders.2. Non-compet ition obligationThe Board of Directors of November 4  2022  decided to release Mr. Andrew Highcock from his non-competition obligation.Investor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 21 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Mr. Andrew Highcock', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'financial terms', 'MBWS', 'Information', 'termination', 'functions', 'Company', 'Mr. Andrew Highcock', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next General Meeting', 'EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index', 'Maison Marie Brizard', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Non-compet ition obligation', 'shareholder relations contact', 'average gross remuneration', 'competition obligation', 'Press contact', 'financial terms', '2018 AMF report', 'corporate governance', 'listed companies', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Severance package', 'variable remuneration', 'relocation bonus', 'last 6 months', 'performance criteria', 'legal regulations', 'Claire Doligez', 'Laurence Maury', 'United States', 'long tradition', 'rich portfolio', 'market segments', 'William Peel', 'Cognac Gautier', 'Compartment B', 'severance compensation', 'Emilie Drexler', 'Image Sept', 'innovative spirit', 'trusted brands', 'The Group', 'leading brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'MBWS Group', 'spirits group', 'Company', 'Information', 'termination', 'functions', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'executives', 'Board', 'Directors', 'November', 'same', 'event', 'departure', 'latter', 'date', 'benefit', 'achievement', 'taxes', 'effect', 'payment', 'approval', 'Shareholders', 'Investor', 'Tel.', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'combination', 'birth', 'modernity', 'origins', 'customers', 'bold', 'flavour', 'experiences', 'Sobieski', 'Story', 'Attachment', '53']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,finance.yahoo.com
12719,EuroNext,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/euronext-reports-higher-revenue-volumes-for-fx-franchise/,Euronext reports higher revenue  volumes for FX franchise,Euronext  which operates the biggest pan-European exchange  said its third-quarter revenues were virtually unchanged from a year earlier.,Euronext  which operates the biggest pan-European exchange  said its third-quarter revenues were virtually unchanged from a year earlier.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['higher revenue', 'FX franchise', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'biggest pan-European exchange', 'third-quarter revenues', 'Euronext']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,financefeeds.com
12720,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.euronews.com/next/2022/11/04/euronext-clearing,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023,This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets ” Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.,By Huw JonesLONDON – Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG included an in-house clearer.“This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets ” Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.“LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis ” an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH‘s London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.“In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs ” EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Earlier this week  Deutsche Boerse’s Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'Pan-European stock exchange', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'LCH Group', 'EU legislation', 'Milan Exchange', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'Huw Jones', 'share trades', 'Italian arm', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'London operation', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'LCH SA', 'heavy reliance', 'side customers', 'LSEG) unit', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'Thursday', 'move', 'Paris', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'story', 'reference', 'paragraph']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,euronews.com
12721,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3699419/euronext-sees-derivatives-hold-up-as-share-trading-slumps-in-q3,Euronext sees derivatives hold up as share trading slumps in Q3,Euronext has said improved revenue from derivatives trading has helped buoy its third quarter as a slowdown in cash markets dragged on trading performance. Trading revenue in the three months to the end of September fell 6% on the same period last year ,If you are an existing subscriber please sign in to read this article in full.Sign up for a free trialTake a complimentary trial to Global Investor Group and gain access to a wealth of news  analysis and data across the Asset Management  Securities Finance  Custody  Fund Services and Derivatives markets from across the suite of Global Investor Products.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['share trading slumps', 'Euronext', 'derivatives', 'Q3', 'Global Investor Group', 'Global Investor Products', 'existing subscriber', 'free trial', 'complimentary trial', 'Asset Management', 'Securities Finance', 'Fund Services', 'Derivatives markets', 'article', 'access', 'wealth', 'news', 'analysis', 'data', 'Custody', 'suite']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,globalinvestorgroup.com
12722,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$CLB  8-K  Core Laboratories   (4 Nov  5:01pm)📰 Core Lab Announces Voluntary Delisting from Euronext Amsterdam… https://t.co/62te7dyS2i,nan,$CLB  8-K  Core Laboratories   (4 Nov  5:01pm)📰 Core Lab Announces Voluntary Delisting from Euronext Amsterdam… https://t.co/62te7dyS2i,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['8-K  Core Laboratories', 'Voluntary Delisting', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Nov', '8-K  Core Laboratories', 'Voluntary Delisting', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Nov']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12723,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,EU500 1d: Looks like Euronext should get a local top around here  but if it does  what will happen to BTC? Stock… https://t.co/CAD3knlCXj,nan,EU500 1d: Looks like Euronext should get a local top around here  but if it does  what will happen to BTC? Stock… https://t.co/CAD3knlCXj,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['local top', 'Euronext', 'BTC', 'Stock', 'CAD3knlCXj', 'local top', 'Euronext', 'BTC', 'Stock', 'CAD3knlCXj']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12724,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European stock markets higher on Friday  11/04/2022: Euronext 100 +2.52% at 1 216.20  higher for the week  Eu… https://t.co/VGS15RHazJ,nan,Other European stock markets higher on Friday  11/04/2022: Euronext 100 +2.52% at 1 216.20  higher for the week  Eu… https://t.co/VGS15RHazJ,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'VGS15RHazJ', 'Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'VGS15RHazJ']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12725,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 - https://t.co/JE9vA4phf2 #businessnews #finance… https://t.co/HUmKGy9N6P,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 - https://t.co/JE9vA4phf2 #businessnews #finance… https://t.co/HUmKGy9N6P,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'JE9vA4phf2', 'businessnews', 'finance', 'HUmKGy9N6P', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'JE9vA4phf2', 'businessnews', 'finance', 'HUmKGy9N6P']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12726,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext said it was experiencing clock synchronization issues on certain servers and that the issue would persist… https://t.co/Lr2KgD6tPh,nan,Euronext said it was experiencing clock synchronization issues on certain servers and that the issue would persist… https://t.co/Lr2KgD6tPh,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['clock synchronization issues', 'Euronext', 'servers', 'Lr2KgD6tPh', 'clock synchronization issues', 'Euronext', 'servers', 'Lr2KgD6tPh']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12727,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@CorpusCol @NiceQuarterGuys But not the real Oslo Bors (now part of Euronext.) IBKR offers the Nasdaq OMX Nordic wh… https://t.co/LwhV5DCAU3,nan,@CorpusCol @NiceQuarterGuys But not the real Oslo Bors (now part of Euronext.) IBKR offers the Nasdaq OMX Nordic wh… https://t.co/LwhV5DCAU3,neutral,0.07,0.87,0.06,neutral,0.07,0.87,0.06,True,English,"['Nasdaq OMX Nordic wh', 'real Oslo Bors', 'CorpusCol', 'NiceQuarterGuys', 'part', 'Euronext', 'IBKR', 'Nasdaq OMX Nordic wh', 'real Oslo Bors', 'CorpusCol', 'NiceQuarterGuys', 'part', 'Euronext', 'IBKR']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12728,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext reports higher revenue  volumes for FX franchise - Euronext  which operates the biggest pan-European exch… https://t.co/NN1MKk2XQb,nan,Euronext reports higher revenue  volumes for FX franchise - Euronext  which operates the biggest pan-European exch… https://t.co/NN1MKk2XQb,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['higher revenue', 'FX franchise', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'NN1MKk2XQb', 'higher revenue', 'FX franchise', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'NN1MKk2XQb']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12729,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/NmfSapa6eG #euronext #brussels #france #freedom #economics… https://t.co/JwJohgvzhL,nan,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/NmfSapa6eG #euronext #brussels #france #freedom #economics… https://t.co/JwJohgvzhL,neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,True,English,"['Free Market Fallacy', 'NmfSapa6eG', 'euronext', 'brussels', 'france', 'freedom', 'economics', 'JwJohgvzhL', 'Free Market Fallacy', 'NmfSapa6eG', 'euronext', 'brussels', 'france', 'freedom', 'economics', 'JwJohgvzhL']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12730,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Olá  Euronext Lisbon 👋The hottest Portuguese stocks are here 🇵🇹Your capital is at risk https://t.co/Zt0ApDrQv3,nan,Olá  Euronext Lisbon 👋The hottest Portuguese stocks are here 🇵🇹Your capital is at risk https://t.co/Zt0ApDrQv3,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['hottest Portuguese stocks', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'capital', 'risk', 'Zt0ApDrQv3', 'hottest Portuguese stocks', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'capital', 'risk', 'Zt0ApDrQv3']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12731,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#spanish 🇪🇸 #company Apodaca Inversiones Inmobilarias Socimi S.A #trading on #Euronext Access #Paris 🇫🇷 commences o… https://t.co/7sO111HOoy,nan,#spanish 🇪🇸 #company Apodaca Inversiones Inmobilarias Socimi S.A #trading on #Euronext Access #Paris 🇫🇷 commences o… https://t.co/7sO111HOoy,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['company Apodaca Inversiones Inmobilarias Socimi S.A', 'spanish', 'Paris', 'company Apodaca Inversiones Inmobilarias Socimi S.A', 'spanish', 'Paris']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12732,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@MrMBrown noticing that euronext indices data is delayed .,nan,@MrMBrown noticing that euronext indices data is delayed .,neutral,0.01,0.54,0.45,neutral,0.01,0.54,0.45,True,English,"['euronext indices data', 'euronext indices data']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12733,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Reports Lower Cash Equity and MTS Cash Volumeshttps://t.co/cBSKxSYCEj,nan,Euronext Reports Lower Cash Equity and MTS Cash Volumeshttps://t.co/cBSKxSYCEj,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Lower Cash Equity', 'MTS Cash Volumes', 'Euronext', 'Lower Cash Equity', 'MTS Cash Volumes', 'Euronext']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
12734,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023https://t.co/gkQMvGfXRRPLEASE FOLLOW US FOR LIVE… https://t.co/AFO78GCLG5,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023https://t.co/gkQMvGfXRRPLEASE FOLLOW US FOR LIVE… https://t.co/AFO78GCLG5,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'gkQMvGfXRR', 'LIVE', 'AFO78GCLG5', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'gkQMvGfXRR', 'LIVE', 'AFO78GCLG5']",2022-11-04,2022-11-04,Unknown
