UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
28890,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/guacolda-energia-spa-announces-the-expiration-of-the-early-tender-deadline-the-waiver-of-the-minimum-tender-condition-and-grant-of-withdrawal-rights-for-its-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-4-560-senior-notes-due-2025-and-re-301897007.html,GUACOLDA ENERGÍA SpA announces the expiration of the Early Tender Deadline  the waiver of the Minimum Tender Condition and grant of Withdrawal Rights for its offer to exchange any and all of its 4.560% senior notes due 2025 and related solicitation of consents,"SANTIAGO  Chile  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Guacolda Energía SpA (f/k/a Empresa Eléctrica Guacolda S.A.  the ""Company"") announces today the expiration of the Early Tender Deadline  at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)  on August 8  2023  of its previously anno…","SANTIAGO  Chile  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Guacolda Energía SpA (f/k/a Empresa Eléctrica Guacolda S.A.  the ""Company"") announces today the expiration of the Early Tender Deadline  at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)  on August 8  2023  of its previously announced offer to Eligible Holders (as such terms are defined below) of the Company's 4.560% Senior Notes due 2025 (CUSIP Nos. 29244U AF5 / P3711H AF6; ISINs US29244UAF57 / USP3711HAF66) (the ""Existing Notes"") to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of the US$273 831 000 aggregate principal amount outstanding of Existing Notes for its newly issued 10.000% Senior Notes due 2030 (the ""New Notes""). In addition  the Company announces (i) the waiver of the Minimum Tender Condition and (ii) the grant of withdrawal rights through 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on August 10  2023 (the ""New Withdrawal Deadline""). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Private Placement Memorandum dated July 19  2023 (as it may be amended or supplemented prior to the date hereof and hereby and from time to time  the ""Private Placement Memorandum"").Waiver of the Minimum Tender ConditionAs previously announced  the exchange of Existing Notes for New Notes in the Exchange Offer is conditioned upon the Minimum Tender Condition and the other conditions set out in the Private Placement Memorandum. The Minimum Tender Condition is the condition that at least US$246 447 900  or 90% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Existing Notes shall have been validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Exchange Offer and Concurrent Tender Offer taken together. For a description of the conditions to the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation  see ""Terms of the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation—Conditions to the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation"" in the Private Placement Memorandum.The Company hereby announces that it has waived the Minimum Tender Condition so that the exchange of Existing Notes for New Notes in the Exchange Offer is no longer conditioned upon the Minimum Tender Condition. According to information received from D.F. King & Co.  Inc. (""D.F. King"")  the Exchange Agent and Information Agent for the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation  as of 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on August 8  2023  Existing Notes validly tendered in the Exchange Offer and Concurrent Tender Offer taken together represent an aggregate principal amount equal to US$190 451 000.00 (or 69.55%  of the aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes). The Exchange Offer remains conditioned upon the other conditions set out in the Private Placement Memorandum  some of which the Company may waive in its sole and absolute discretion as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum.Withdrawal RightsThe Company hereby further announces that it has amended the terms of the Exchange Offer to permit Existing Notes tendered in the Exchange Offer to be validly withdrawn at any time at or before the New Withdrawal Deadline.To be effective  a notice of withdrawal must be received by the Information and Exchange Agent through ATOP not later than the New Withdrawal Deadline. This notice must specify (a) the name of the person or entity having tendered the Existing Notes to be withdrawn  and (b) the Existing Notes to be withdrawn including the name and the participant account number of the participant entity at DTC to be credited with the withdrawn Existing Notes. Eligible Holders of Existing Notes are advised to inform themselves with the bank  securities broker or any other intermediary (including Euroclear or Clearstream) through which they hold their Existing Notes whether such intermediary would require receiving instructions to withdraw their instruction to participate in the Exchange Offer on or prior to the New Withdrawal Deadline. The Company will make a final and binding determination on all questions as to the validity  form and eligibility (including time of receipt) of such withdrawal notices. Any Existing Notes so withdrawn will be deemed not to have been validly tendered for the purposes of the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation. A valid withdrawal of Existing Notes tendered in the Exchange Offer shall have the consequences set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum. For additional details about the procedures and consequences of the valid withdrawal of the Existing Notes tendered in the Exchange offer  see ""Terms of the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation—Withdrawal of Exchange Instructions and Revocation of Consents"" in the Private Placement Memorandum.Amendment to the Private Placement MemorandumThe Company hereby announces that the Private Placement Memorandum shall be deemed to be amended so that:all references in the Private Placement Memorandum to the ""Minimum Tender Condition"" shall be disregarded as the Company has waived the Minimum Tender Condition as a condition to the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation as described above; andthe New Withdrawal Deadline as described under ""Withdrawal Rights"" above shall be deemed part of the terms of the Exchange Offer described in the Private Placement Memorandum.Except as described above  the Private Placement Memorandum and the terms of the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation remain unchanged.THE NEW NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE ""COMMISSION"") UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (INCLUDING THE RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER  THE ""SECURITIES ACT"") OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE EXCHANGE OFFER IS BEING MADE  AND THE NEW NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED ONLY TO HOLDERS OF EXISTING NOTES (1) IN THE UNITED STATES  WHO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ""ACCREDITED INVESTORS"" (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(A)(1)  (2)  (3)  (7) OR (8) UNDER REGULATION D (""REGULATION D"") UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT  EACH AN ""IAI"") AND THAT ARE ALSO ""QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS"" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT  OR AND ""QIBS"")  IN A PRIVATE TRANSACTION IN RELIANCE UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)(2) THEREOF AND (2) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND CHILE  WHO ARE PERSONS OTHER THAN ""U.S. PERSONS"" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS IN RELIANCE UPON THE EXEMPTIONS AFFORDED BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THE HOLDERS OF EXISTING NOTES WHO ARE ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE EXCHANGE OFFER PURSUANT TO THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS ARE REFERRED TO AS ""ELIGIBLE HOLDERS.""Only Eligible Holders of Existing Notes are authorized to receive and review the Private Placement Memorandum and to participate in the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation. The Private Placement Memorandum will be distributed only to Eligible Holders of Existing Notes who validly complete and return a letter of eligibility confirming that they satisfy the eligibility requirements for purposes of the Exchange Offer. Eligible holders who desire to obtain and complete an eligibility letter should contact D.F. King  the information and exchange agent in connection with the exchange offer  at +1(866) 856-3065 (toll-free) or +1(212) 269-5550 (banks and brokers) or by visiting the information and exchange agent's website at www.dfking.com/guacolda.The New Notes will be subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws  pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom.To contact the Information and Exchange Agent  banks and brokers may call +1-212-269-5550  and others may call U.S. toll-free: +1-866-856-3065. Additional contact information is set forth below.By Mail  Hand or Overnight Courier: 48 Wall Street 22nd Floor New York  NY 10005 USA Attention: Andrew Beck By Facsimile Transmission: (for eligible institutions only)+1(212) 709-3328 For Confirmation: +1(212) 232-3233Attention: Michael Horthman Confirmation by Telephone: Toll-Free: +1 (800) 848-3409 Collect: +1 (212) 269-5550 Email: [email protected] Website for this Exchange Offer: www.dfking.com/guacoldaNone of the Company  the Information and Exchange Agent  the Placement Agent nor any of their respective directors  officers  employees or affiliates  makes any recommendation as to whether Eligible Holders should tender or refrain from tendering all or any portion of their Existing Notes in response to the Exchange Offer. None of the Company  the Information and Exchange Agent  the Placement Agent nor any of their respective affiliates directors  officers  employees or  has authorized any person to give any information or to make any representation in connection with the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation other than the information and representations contained in the Private Placement Memorandum.The terms of the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation and the New Notes are more fully described in the Private Placement Memorandum and other diligence materials that will only be made available to Eligible Holders (the ""Exchange Offer Materials""). Eligible Holders who have returned a duly completed Eligibility Letter certifying that they are within one of the categories described therein are authorized to receive and review the Exchange Offer Materials and to participate in the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation. This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Materials.This press release does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation. The Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation is only being made pursuant to the Exchange Offer Materials. Eligible Holders are urged to read the Exchange Offer Materials carefully before making any decision with respect to their Existing Notes. Neither the Placement Agent nor the Information and Exchange Agent has any responsibility whatsoever with respect to the Exchange Offer Materials.This press release is for informational purposes only and does not represent an offer to sell securities or a solicitation to buy securities in the United States or in any other country. This press release is released for disclosure purposes only  in accordance with applicable legislation. It does not constitute marketing material  and should not be interpreted as advertising an offer to sell or soliciting any offer to buy securities issued by the Company in any jurisdiction where it is illegal to do so. This press release to the market is not for distribution in or into or to any person located or resident in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to release  publish or distribute this announcement.Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  any U.S. state securities commission nor any regulatory authority of any other country has approved or disapproved of the Exchange Offer or the Consent Solicitation  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Exchange Offer or the Consent Solicitation  or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in the Private Placement Memorandum or any other Exchange Offer Material.Neither the delivery of this announcement  the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation nor any exchange of Existing Notes pursuant to the Exchange Offer shall under any circumstances create any implication that the information contained in this announcement or the Private Placement Memorandum is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof or thereof or that there has been no change in the information set forth herein or therein or in the Company's affairs since the date hereof or thereof.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are not based on historical facts and are not assurances of future results. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and estimates about future events and financial trends  which affect or may affect the Company's businesses and results of operations. The words ""believe "" ""may "" ""will "" ""estimate "" ""continue "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""expect"" and similar words are intended to identify estimates and forward-looking statements. These statements include but are not limited to forward-looking statements about the planned Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation and the Concurrent Tender Offer. Although the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions  these statements are subject to several risks and uncertainties and are made in light of information currently available to the Company. Estimates and forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations and the Company's future results may differ materially from those expressed in these estimates and forward- looking statements.All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement  and you should not place reliance on any forward-looking statement contained in this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or future events or for any other reason.SOURCE Guacolda Energía SpA",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['GUACOLDA ENERGÍA SpA', 'Early Tender Deadline', 'Minimum Tender Condition', 'Withdrawal Rights', '4.560% senior notes', 'related solicitation', 'expiration', 'waiver', 'grant', 'offer', 'consents', 'Empresa Eléctrica Guacolda S.A.', 'Guacolda Energía SpA', 'aggregate outstanding principal amount', 'New York City time', 'The Minimum Tender Condition', '831,000 aggregate principal amount', 'Early Tender Deadline', 'Private Placement Memorandum', 'D.F. King', 'participant account number', 'New Withdrawal Deadline', 'Concurrent Tender Offer', 'The Exchange Offer', 'withdrawal notices', 'valid withdrawal', 'New Notes', 'withdrawal rights', 'Eligible Holders', 'CUSIP Nos.', 'P3711H AF6', 'Consent Solicitation', 'absolute discretion', 'participant entity', 'securities broker', 'binding determination', 'additional details', 'Exchange Agent', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'other intermediary', 'Exchange Instructions', '4.560% Senior Notes', 'Existing Notes', '10.000% Senior Notes', 'Information Agent', 'Capitalized terms', 'SANTIAGO', 'Chile', 'Aug.', 'expiration', 'August', 'AF5', 'ISINs', 'waiver', 'grant', 'meanings', 'date', 'description', 'Co.', 'Inc.', 'sole', 'ATOP', 'name', 'person', 'DTC', 'bank', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'final', 'questions', 'validity', 'eligibility', 'receipt', 'purposes', 'consequences', 'procedures', 'Revocation', 'Consents', 'Amendment', 'references', 'sh', '5:00', '11:59']",2025-08-10,2023-08-10,prnewswire.com
28891,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/guacolda-energia-spa-announces-the-expiration-of-the-early-tender-time-the-waiver-in-part-of-the-exchange-condition-and-grant-of-withdrawal-rights-for-its-tender-offer-for-any-and-all-of-its-4-560-senior-notes-due-2025-and-relat-301897002.html,GUACOLDA ENERGÍA SpA announces the expiration of the Early Tender Time  the waiver in part of the Exchange Condition and grant of Withdrawal Rights for its tender offer for any and all of its 4.560% senior notes due 2025 and related consent solicitation,"SANTIAGO  Chile  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Guacolda Energía SpA (f/k/a Empresa Eléctrica Guacolda S.A.  the ""Company"") announces today the expiration of the Early Tender Time  at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)  on August 8  2023  of its previously announce…","SANTIAGO  Chile  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Guacolda Energía SpA (f/k/a Empresa Eléctrica Guacolda S.A.  the ""Company"") announces today the expiration of the Early Tender Time  at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)  on August 8  2023  of its previously announced tender offer to purchase for cash (the ""Tender Offer"") any and all of its 4.560% Senior Notes due 2025 (CUSIP Nos. 29244U AF5 / P3711H AF6; ISINs US29244UAF57 / USP3711HAF66) (the ""Notes""). In addition  the Company announces (i) the waiver in part of the Exchange Condition and (ii) the grant of withdrawal rights through 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on August 10  2023 (the ""New Withdrawal Deadline""). Terms used in this announcement and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in the offer to purchase and consent solicitation statement dated July 19  2023 (as it may be amended or supplemented prior to the date hereof and hereby and from time to time  the ""Offer to Purchase"").Waiver in part of the Exchange ConditionAs previously announced  the Company's obligation to accept for payment and to pay for any of the Notes in the Tender Offer is conditioned upon the Exchange Condition and the other conditions set out in the Offer to Purchase. The Exchange Condition is the condition of the valid tender in the Tender Offer and the Exchange Offer taken together  without subsequent withdrawal  of Notes having an aggregate principal amount of at least U.S.$246 447 900.00  or 90.0% of the Outstanding Notes and the consummation of the Exchange Offer in accordance with the terms thereof. For a description of the conditions to the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation  see ""The Terms of the Tender Offer and the Consent Solicitation—Conditions to the Tender Offer and the Consent Solicitation"" in the Offer to Purchase.The Company hereby announces that it has waived in part the Exchange Condition so that the Company's obligation to accept for payment and to pay for any of the Notes in the Tender Offer is no longer conditioned upon the valid tender in the Tender Offer and the Exchange Offer taken together  without subsequent withdrawal  of Notes having an aggregate principal amount of at least U.S.$246 447 900.00  or 90.0% of the Outstanding Notes. According to information received from D.F. King & Co.  Inc. (""D.F. King"")  the Tender and Information Agent for the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation  as of 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on August 8  2023  Notes validly tendered in the Tender Offer and Exchange Offer taken together represent an aggregate principal amount equal to US$190 451 000 (or 69.55%  of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes). The Tender Offer remains conditioned upon the other conditions set out in the Offer to Purchase (including the consummation of the Exchange Offer in accordance with the terms thereof)  some of which the Company may waive in its sole and absolute discretion as set forth in the Offer to Purchase.Withdrawal RightsThe Company hereby further announces that it has amended the terms of the Tender Offer to permit Notes tendered in the Tender Offer to be validly withdrawn at any time at or before the New Withdrawal Deadline.To be effective  a notice of withdrawal must be received by the Tender and Information Agent through ATOP not later than the New Withdrawal Deadline. This notice must specify (a) the name of the person or entity having tendered the Notes to be withdrawn  and (b) the Notes to be withdrawn including the name and the participant account number of the participant entity at DTC to be credited with the withdrawn Notes. Holders of Notes are advised to inform themselves with the bank  securities broker or any other intermediary (including Euroclear or Clearstream) through which they hold their Notes whether such intermediary would require receiving instructions to withdraw their instruction to participate in the Tender Offer on or prior to the New Withdrawal Deadline. The Company will make a final and binding determination on all questions as to the validity  form and eligibility (including time of receipt) of such withdrawal notices. Any Notes so withdrawn will be deemed not to have been validly tendered for the purposes of the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation. A valid withdrawal of Notes tendered in the Tender Offer shall have the consequences set forth in the Offer to Purchase. For additional details about the procedures and consequences of the valid withdrawal of the Notes tendered in the Tender Offer  see ""The Terms of the Tender Offer and the Consent Solicitation—Withdrawal and Revocation"" in the Offer to Purchase.Amendment to the Offer to PurchaseThe Company hereby announces that the Offer to Purchase shall be deemed to be amended so that:all references in the Offer to Purchase to the ""Exchange Condition"" shall be deemed to be amended as described under ""Waiver in part of the Exchange Condition"" above  as the Company has waived in part the Exchange Condition as described therein; andthe New Withdrawal Deadline as described under ""Withdrawal Rights"" above shall be deemed part of the terms of the Tender Offer described in the Offer to Purchase.Except as described above  the Offer to Purchase and the terms of the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation remain unchanged.BofA Securities  Inc. is the Dealer Manager and Solicitation Agent in the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation. D.F. King has been retained to serve as the Tender and Information Agent for the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation. Persons with questions regarding the Tender Offer should contact BofA Securities  Inc. at 800-292-0070 (toll free) or 646-855-8988 (collect). Requests for the Offer to Purchase should be directed to D.F. King at 800-848-3409.This press release is for informational purposes only and must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase. This announcement and the Offer to Purchase contain important information which must be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation. If any holder of Notes is in any doubt as to the action it should take  it is recommended to seek its own legal  tax  accounting and financial advice  including as to any tax  accounting  financial and legal consequences  immediately from its stockbroker  bank manager  attorney  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Notes are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to participate in the Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation. None of the Company  its board of directors  its officers  the Dealer Manager and Solicitation Agent  the depositary  the Information and Tender Agent  the trustee with respect to the Notes  or any person who controls  or is a director  officer  employee or agent of such persons  or any affiliate of such persons  makes any recommendation that holders tender or refrain from tendering all or any portion of the principal amount of their Notes  and no one has been authorized by any of them to make such a recommendation. Holders must make their own decision as to whether to tender their Notes and  if so  the principal amount of Notes to tender.This press release is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to purchase with respect to any Notes or any other securities. The Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation is being made solely pursuant to the terms of the Offer to Purchase. The Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation is not being made to holders of Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities  blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offer to purchase in Chile or to any resident of Chile  except as permitted by applicable Chilean law.Neither the Offer to Purchase nor any related documents have been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  nor have any such documents been filed with or reviewed by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority of any country. No authority has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the Offer to Purchase or any related documents  and it is unlawful and may be a criminal offense to make any representation to the contrary.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are not based on historical facts and are not assurances of future results. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and estimates about future events and financial trends  which affect or may affect the Company's businesses and results of operations. The words ""believe "" ""may "" ""will "" ""estimate "" ""continue "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""expect"" and similar words are intended to identify estimates and forward-looking statements. These statements include but are not limited to forward-looking statements about the planned Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation and the Exchange Offer. Although the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions  these statements are subject to several risks and uncertainties and are made in light of information currently available to the Company. Estimates and forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations and the Company's future results may differ materially from those expressed in these estimates and forward- looking statements.All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement  and you should not place reliance on any forward-looking statement contained in this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or future events or for any other reason.SOURCE Guacolda Energía SpA",neutral,0.02,0.87,0.11,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['GUACOLDA ENERGÍA SpA', 'related consent solicitation', 'Early Tender Time', 'tender offer', 'Exchange Condition', 'Withdrawal Rights', '4.560% senior notes', 'expiration', 'waiver', 'part', 'grant', 'Empresa Eléctrica Guacolda S.A.', 'Guacolda Energía SpA', 'New York City time', 'aggregate principal amount', 'D.F. King', 'New Withdrawal Deadline', 'participant account number', 'Early Tender Time', 'The Exchange Condition', 'The Tender Offer', 'subsequent withdrawal', 'withdrawal notices', 'valid withdrawal', 'CUSIP Nos.', 'P3711H AF6', 'solicitation statement', 'valid tender', 'absolute discretion', 'participant entity', 'securities broker', 'binding determination', 'additional details', 'withdrawal rights', 'Consent Solicitation', 'Exchange Offer', 'Information Agent', 'other conditions', 'other intermediary', 'The Company', '4.560% Senior Notes', 'Outstanding Notes', 'SANTIAGO', 'Chile', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'expiration', 'August', 'cash', 'AF5', 'ISINs', 'waiver', 'grant', 'Terms', 'announcement', 'meanings', 'date', 'obligation', 'payment', 'consummation', 'accordance', 'description', 'Co.', 'sole', 'ATOP', 'name', 'person', 'DTC', 'Holders', 'bank', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'instructions', 'final', 'questions', 'validity', 'eligibility', 'receipt', 'purposes', 'consequences', 'Purchase', 'procedures', 'Revocation', 'Amendment', 'references', '5:00', '11:59', '90.0']",2025-08-10,2023-08-10,prnewswire.com
28892,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-significantly-improves-sales-and-profitability-in-the-first-half-of-2023-44557114/,R. STAHL significantly improves sales and profitability in the first half of 2023,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: Half Year Report/Half Year ResultsR. STAHL significantly improves sales and profitability in the first half of 2023 09.08.2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is sol…,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): Half Year Report/Half Year ResultsR. STAHL significantly improves sales and profitability in the first half of 202309.08.2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL significantly improves sales and profitability in the first half of 2023Group sales up 20.2% to € 154.7 million. Order intake increases 22.4% to € 186.0 million.Strong improvement in R. STAHL’s profitability from January to June. EBITDA pre exceptionals increase by € 7.0 million to € 19.0 million. This resulted in an EBITDA margin pre exceptionals of 12.3% (previous year: 5.4 %)For 2023  R. STAHL continues to expect sales to increase to between € 305 million and € 320 million and EBITDA pre exceptionals to improve to between € 30 million and € 36 million. The Executive Board assumes that in each case  the upper end of the target corridor will be reached.Waldenburg  9 August 2023 - R. STAHL closed out the first half of 2023 very successfully. Demand for the company’s products and services was very high in nearly all regions and industries once again in the second quarter of 2023. Not only that  but the negative impact from disrupted supply chains is slowly weakening. R. STAHL thus improved almost all key financial indicators from January to June 2023.Order intake increases by 22.4% – order backlog reaches new record level of € 137.6 millionThe continued high level of customer willingness to invest led to a year-on-year increase in order intake of 22.4% to € 186.0 million in the period from January to June 2023. Following an extremely strong first quarter in 2023 (€ 96.7 million)  order intake began to “normalize” in the second quarter of 2023 to a good level of € 89.3 million. Contributing to this increase was high demand from all sectors as well as the significant increase in demand from the Asia/Pacific region. Because order intake continued to rise at a higher rate than sales  order backlog increased to a record € 137.6 million as of 30 June (31 December 2022: € 109.4 million).All regions contribute to sales growth of 20.2% to € 154.7 millionEasing bottlenecks in supply chains and efficient production and materials planning led to higher utilization of production capacities in the first half of 2023. R. STAHL thus increased sales year-on-year by 20.2% to € 154.7 million. As expected  sales in the second quarter of € 76.7 million developed somewhat weaker than the first quarter (€ 78.1 million). In all regions  it was the chemical and pharmaceutical industries in particular  as well as the oil and gas sector (incl. LNG) that contributed to growth.Significant increase in profitability – EBITDA pre exceptionals up € 12.0 million to € 19.0 millionR. STAHL compensated for rising material prices in the reporting period with price increases implemented in previous quarters. In addition to the improved sales quality  the higher utilization of production capacities also led to a strong increase in profitability. At € 19.0 million  EBITDA pre exceptionals was € 12.0 million higher than the prior-year figure of € 7.0 million. The company increased its profitability as measured by the EBITDA margin from 5.4% in the previous year to 12.3%. Net profit also increased significantly. It rose € 12.0 million to € 5.7 million (previous year: € -6.3 million). This corresponds to earnings per share of € 0.89 (previous year: € -0.97).The strong growth in business volume led to a significant increase in working capital of € 15.8 million from January to June (H1 2022: € 1.7 million). This was mainly due to the substantial increase in inventories to secure delivery capability and higher trade accounts receivable. This had a negative impact on free cash flow  which at € -5.6 million was € 3.6 million lower than in the previous year (previous year: € -2.0 million). The equity ratio of 26.1% as of 30 June 2023 (31 December 2022: 27.5%) declined slightly due to the increase in the balance sheet total.Executive Board confirms outlook for sales and EBITDA for the full year 2023 – target is upper range of the respective performance corridorFor 2023  R. STAHL expects a further recovery in the relevant key markets based on the overall economic and industry-specific forecasts.The high order backlog as well as the positive first half of 2023 mean that the company can look ahead to full year 2023 with confidence. Forecasting uncertainties do  however  remain – mainly due to the unpredictable developments and consequences of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the increasing difficulties in finding suitable specialized personnel.For the current financial year  the Executive Board continues to forecast growth in Group sales to between € 305 million and € 320 million (2022: € 274.3 million). EBITDA pre exceptionals should increase significantly and be within a corridor of between € 30 million and € 36 million (2022: € 22.3 million). Based on the positive development in the first half of 2023 and the general easing of challenges on the procurement markets  the Executive Board expects to achieve the upper end of the target corridor for both indicators.In terms of free cash flow  R. STAHL forecasted a low single-digit positive million euro amount in April 2023. As a result of the significant increase in business volume and the associated build-up of working capital  in particular the higher level of inventories to ensure delivery capability  the Executive Board now expects a slightly reduced free cash flow in the low single-digit negative million euro range for full-year 2023.“R. STAHL closed out the first half of 2023 very successfully. This strengthens our resolve to continue implementing the strategy we have adopted. The company is well positioned to take full advantage of the growth opportunities that present themselves in our markets and to sustainably improve our profitability”  says Dr. Mathias Hallmann  CEO of R. STAHL.Key figures of R. STAHL group for Q2 and 6M 2023 pursuant to IFRS€ million Q2 2023 Q2 2022 Changein %6M 20236M 2022Changein % Sales 76.7 67.7 +13.3 154.7 128.7 +20.2 Germany 19.7 17.8 +10.2 41.7 34.7 +20.0 Central region1) 34.3 29.1 +18.1 68.1 57.3 +19.0 Americas 8.1 8.5 -4.9 16.0 14.9 +7.6 Asia/Pacific 14.6 12.3 +18.9 28.9 21.8 +32.5 Order income 89.3 76.9 +16.2 186.0 152.0 +22.4 Order backlog as of 30 June 137.6 95.1 +44.6 EBITDA pre exeptionals2) 8.7 3.9 > +100 19.0 7.0 > +100 EBITDA margin pre exeptionals2) 11.3% 5.8% 12.3% 5.4% EBITDA 7.8 3.5 > +100 18.2 6.4 > +100 EBIT 3.5 -0.6 n/a 9.6 -1.8 n/a Net profit 1.8 -0.9 n/a 5.7 -6.3 n/a Earnings per share (in €) 0.29 -0.13 n/a 0.89 -0.97 n/a Cash flow from operating activities 6.1 8.4 -26.5 0.6 1.3 -52.6 Free cash flow 3.1 5.3 -2.2 -5.6 -2.0 -3.6 Depreciation and amortization 4.4 4.1 +5.6 8.6 8.2 +4.9 Capital expenditures3) 3.1 3.1 +0.8 6.2 6.6 -5.8 30 June 2023 31 Dec. 2022 Changein % Balance sheet total 278.5 259.7 +7.2 Shareholders‘ equity 72.8 71.3 +2.0 Equity ratio 26.1% 27.5% Net financial liabilities3) 42.1 29.2 +44.2 Net financial liabilities incl. lease liabilites 59.2 48.9 +21.1 Employees4) 1 715 1 676 +2.31) Africa and Europe without Germany2.) Exceptionals: restructuring charges  unscheduled depreciation and amortization  charges for designing and implementing IT projects  M&A costs  profit and loss from deconsolidation as well as profit and loss from the disposal of assets no longer required for business operations3) excl. pension provisions and without lease liabilities4) excl. apprenticesPercentages and figures in may include rounding differences. The signs used to indicate rates of changes are based on mathematical aspects. Rates of changes > +100% are shown as >+100%  rates of changeNoteThe interim report Q2 2023/half-year is available for download under the following link: https://r-stahl.com/en/global/corporate/investor-relations/ir-news-and-publications/financial-reportsFinancial calendar7 November 2023 Interim Report Q3 2023 ( new date!)Investors‘ and analysts‘ conference call of R. STAHL for Q2/2023Chief Executive Officer of R. STAHL AG  Dr. Mathias Hallmann  will explain the results of Q2 2023 and H1  will present an outlook for the current yeartoday  August 9  2023 at 10:00 CETAfterwards he will be available for questions. The conference call will be held in English language.To participate (acoustically) in the conference call  please use the link below. After registration  you will receive dedicated dial-in details to easily and quickly access the call at the specified time:https://services.choruscall.it/DiamondPassRegistration/register?confirmationNumber=3178724&linkSecurityString=451ba4db0Along with the conference call  we will provide the presentation (visually only) through an online webinar. Please log on as a participant on the following website (no password required); this link is provided to you again with the dial-in details for the conference call:https://www.webcast-eqs.com/rstahl-h1-2023/no-audioA replay of the audio webcast will be available shortly after the conference call has ended on the company’s website in the section corporate > investor relations > IR news and publications (https://r-stahl.com/en/global/corporate/investor-relations/ir-news-and-publications/events-and-presentationsAbout R. STAHL – www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signalling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. In 2022 global sales amounting to around €274 million were generated by 1 676 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Forward-looking statementsThis release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions and estimates of R. STAHL’s management. Although we assume that the expectations of these forward-looking statements are realistic  we cannot guarantee that these expectations will prove to be correct. The assumptions may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such discrepancies include: changes in the macroeconomic and business environment  exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations  the roll-out of competing products  a lack of acceptance of new products or services  and changes in business strategy. R. STAHL does not plan to update these forward-looking statements nor does it accept any obligation to do so.Contact:R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.47,0.52,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.16,0.47,True,English,"['R. STAHL', 'first half', 'sales', 'profitability', 'higher trade accounts receivable', 'EBITDA margin pre exceptionals', 'rising material prices', 'free cash flow', 'balance sheet total', 'suitable specialized personnel', 'EBITDA pre exceptionals', 'key financial indicators', 'relevant key markets', 'current financial year', 'respective performance corridor', 'The Executive Board', 'Half Year Report', 'Half Year Results', 'new record level', 'R. Stahl AG', 'positive first half', 'Order intake increases', 'high order backlog', 'strong first quarter', 'high level', 'Key word', 'higher rate', 'higher utilization', 'price increases', 'positive development', 'procurement markets', 'good level', 'Strong improvement', 'second quarter', 'previous year', 'full year', 'upper end', 'negative impact', 'supply chains', 'customer willingness', 'Asia/Pacific region', 'efficient production', 'production capacities', 'gas sector', 'previous quarters', 'strong increase', 'prior-year figure', 'Net profit', 'business volume', 'working capital', 'delivery capability', 'equity ratio', 'upper range', 'overall economic', 'industry-specific forecasts', 'Forecasting uncertainties', 'unpredictable developments', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'increasing difficulties', 'general easing', 'year increase', 'high demand', 'significant increase', 'strong growth', 'substantial increase', 'target corridor', 'pharmaceutical industries', 'reporting period', 'Group sales', 'sales quality', 'sales growth', 'EQS-News', 'profitability', '07:00 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'January', 'June', 'case', 'Waldenburg', 'company', 'products', 'services', 'regions', 'sectors', '31 December', 'bottlenecks', 'materials', 'planning', 'chemical', 'oil', 'LNG', 'addition', 'earnings', 'share', 'inventories', 'recovery', 'confidence', 'consequences', 'challenges', '5.4', '22.', '2023']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28893,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/blackrock-launches-europe-first-fixed-192539670.html,BlackRock Launches Europe’s First Fixed Maturity Bond ETFs,LONDON − BlackRock has unveiled Europe’s first fixed maturity corporate bond ETFs. The four-strong ETF range will offer exposure to investment-grade corporate bonds across various countries and sectors  all with a defined individual maturity.,"LONDON − BlackRock has unveiled Europe’s first fixed maturity corporate bond ETFs.The four-strong ETF range will offer exposure to investment-grade corporate bonds across various countries and sectors  all with a defined individual maturity.The two fixed maturity dates are December 2026 and 2028  respectively  with the option of US dollar- or euro-denominated debt.The four new BlackRock ETFs are:iShares iBonds Dec 2026 Term $ Corp UCITS ETF (ID26)iShares iBonds Dec 2026 Term € Corp UCITS ETF (IB26)iShares iBonds Dec 2028 Term $ Corp UCITS ETF (ID28)iShares iBonds Dec 2028 Term € Corp UCITS ETF (IB28)ID26 and ID28 are listed on the London Stock Exchange  Deutsche Boerse and Euronext Paris while IB26 and IB28 are listed on Deutsche Boerse  all with total expense ratios (TERs) of 0.12%.IB26 and IB28 currently have yields to maturity of 3.97% while ID26 and ID28 have yields of 5.30% and 5.26%  respectively  as at 4 August.The range will track respective Bloomberg indices which implement an ESG screen meaning the ETFs are classified as Article 8 under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).BlackRock said investors will now be able to access corporate bonds with specific maturities while benefitting from the diversification  transparency and liquidity benefits of ETFs.Brett Pybus  global co-head of iShares fixed income ETFs at BlackRock  said: “iBonds ETFs are designed to mature like a bond  trade like a stock and diversify like a fund  all in a cost-efficient and transparent ETF wrapper.“The fixed maturity nature of iBonds ETFs aims to offer investors clarity into their yield expectations and investment horizon. Bond ETFs are increasingly being used as an alternative to picking individual bonds which can be costly for investors.”Nick Gendron  global head of fixed income indices at Bloomberg  added: “The need for fixed maturity indices has been proven through many different market cycles. We are proud to have been selected by BlackRock to provide benchmarks for these four new corporate bond ETFs in Europe that initially focus on both three and five-year maturities.""Story continuesThe world’s largest asset manager launched the first iBonds ETF in the US in 2010 with the range seeing a combined $13.3bn inflows in 2022 and 2023 alone  as at the end of July.Demand for fixed income has been strong this year. According to data from Morningstar  fixed income ETFs in Europe saw a record €31bn inflows in H1 as investors looked to take advantage of the significant spike in yields towards the end of last year.BlackRock currently dominates the fixed income ETF market in Europe with a 58.3% market share  as at the end of June  according to Morningstar.In July  AXA Investment Managers entered fixed income ETFs with the launch of an active strategy offering exposure to euro corporate bonds linked to the Paris-Aligned Benchmark (PAB)  the AXA IM Euro Credit PAB UCITS ETF (AIPE).[This article originally appeared on ETF Stream.]Permalink | © Copyright 2023 etf.com. All rights reserved",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['First Fixed Maturity Bond ETFs', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'AXA IM Euro Credit PAB UCITS ETF', 'first fixed maturity corporate bond ETFs', 'four new corporate bond ETFs', '2026 Term $ Corp UCITS ETF', '2026 Term € Corp UCITS ETF', '2028 Term $ Corp UCITS ETF', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'many different market cycles', 'two fixed maturity dates', 'active strategy offering exposure', 'fixed income ETF market', 'four new BlackRock ETFs', 'iShares fixed income ETFs', 'euro corporate bonds', 'first iBonds ETF', 'AXA Investment Managers', 'transparent ETF wrapper', 'fixed income indices', 'fixed maturity indices', 'investment-grade corporate bonds', 'total expense ratios', 'largest asset manager', 'record €31bn inflows', 'four-strong ETF range', 'respective Bloomberg indices', 'London Stock Exchange', 'ETF Stream', 'iBonds ETFs', '58.3% market share', 'individual maturity', 'maturity nature', 'investment horizon', 'individual bonds', '$13.3bn inflows', 'various countries', 'euro-denominated debt', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Euronext Paris', 'ESG screen', 'specific maturities', 'liquidity benefits', 'Brett Pybus', 'global co', 'yield expectations', 'Nick Gendron', 'five-year maturities', 'significant spike', 'last year', 'Paris-Aligned Benchmark', 'global head', 'Europe', 'sectors', 'December', 'option', 'ID26', 'ID28', 'IB26', 'IB28', 'TERs', 'yields', '4 August', 'Article', 'SFDR', 'investors', 'diversification', 'transparency', 'fund', 'cost-efficient', 'clarity', 'alternative', 'need', 'benchmarks', 'three', 'Story', 'world', 'July', 'data', 'Morningstar', 'H1', 'advantage', 'June', 'launch', 'AIPE', 'Permalink', 'Copyright', 'rights', '0.', '5.']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,finance.yahoo.com
28894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.spacedaily.com/reports/AVS_leverages_optimum_coverage_of_EUTELSAT_65_West_A_satellite_over_Brazil_to_expand_its_broadcast_services_999.html,AVS leverages optimum coverage of EUTELSAT 65 West A satellite over Brazil,Paris  France (SPX) Aug 08  2023AVS  a leading Brazilian service provider and integrator in the public and private sectors  has signed multiple contracts with Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) for capacity on its EUTELSAT 65 West A satellite. …,"AVS leverages optimum coverage of EUTELSAT 65 West A satellite over Brazilby Staff WritersParis  France (SPX) Aug 08  2023AVS  a leading Brazilian service provider and integrator in the public and private sectors  has signed multiple contracts with Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) for capacity on its EUTELSAT 65 West A satellite.This partnership has allowed AVS to deploy public channels such as TV ALEPR  TV ALESC  TV ALEPE and TV ALBA on the EUTELSAT 65 West A satellite  avoiding interference generated by the activation of 5G  underway in the country. Brazil is implementing 5G in the 3.5 GHz band  which is currently used to support satellite TV services in the C-band.The planned C-band of EUTELSAT 65 West A is a single frequency band with a frequency range between 4 .5GHz to 4.8GHz  operating at 800MHz above the 5G operating frequencies in Brazil. Consequently  EUTELSAT 65 West A allows for cost-effective geographic expansion for broadcasters  as filters do not need to be installed to avoid 5G interference.Commenting on contracts  Jose Ignacio Gonzalez-Nunez  Eutelsat Senior Regional VP  Media Sales Americas  said: ""We are delighted to support this partnership with AVS through EUTELSAT 65 West A. Our 'Planned C Band' solution offers a transparent and cost-effective proposition for broadcasters forced to migrate their signals out of the lower end of the C-Band spectrum  while offering them unparalleled coverage of the Brazilian territory. We will continue this support aimed at increasing AVS's business""Joao Paulo Erthal  Engineering Manager at AVS  said: ""Today there is great interest in expanding the audience of public TVs  aiming to bring the content produced to the entire population and for that  we need to guarantee a very high quality of service for our customers. Pleased to have EUTELSAT as one of our main partners to achieve this goal"".Related LinksEutelsatThe latest information about the Commercial Satellite Industry",neutral,0.35,0.65,0.01,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['optimum coverage', 'AVS', 'EUTELSAT', 'West', 'satellite', 'Brazil', ""Planned C Band' solution"", 'Eutelsat Senior Regional VP', 'leading Brazilian service provider', 'EUTELSAT 65 West A satellite', 'EUTELSAT 65 West A.', 'Jose Ignacio Gonzalez-Nunez', 'Media Sales Americas', 'Joao Paulo Erthal', 'Commercial Satellite Industry', 'single frequency band', 'cost-effective geographic expansion', 'satellite TV services', '5G operating frequencies', '3.5 GHz band', 'Brazilian territory', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'frequency range', 'cost-effective proposition', 'TV ALEPR', 'TV ALESC', 'TV ALEPE', 'TV ALBA', 'optimum coverage', 'Staff Writers', 'private sectors', 'lower end', 'unparalleled coverage', 'Engineering Manager', 'great interest', 'entire population', 'high quality', 'main partners', 'Related Links', 'latest information', 'public channels', 'public TVs', 'multiple contracts', 'Euronext Paris', 'C-Band spectrum', '5G interference', 'AVS', 'France', 'SPX', 'Aug', 'integrator', 'ETL', 'capacity', 'partnership', 'activation', 'country', '4 .5GHz', '4.8GHz', '800MHz', 'broadcasters', 'filters', 'transparent', 'signals', 'support', 'business', 'audience', 'content', 'customers', 'goal']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,spacedaily.com
28895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FRANCHETTI-S-P-A-144531768/news/Franchetti-S-p-A-Variation-of-the-2023-corporate-44567253/,Franchetti S.p.A.: Variation of the 2023 corporate,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release   Franchetti S.p.A.: Variation of the 2023 corporate events calendar   Arzignano   August 9  2023 - Franchetti S.p.A.   a multinational Group leader in software development and engineering design listed on Eurone…,"Press ReleaseFranchetti S.p.A.: Variation of the 2023 corporate events calendarArzignano (VI)  August 9  2023 - Franchetti S.p.A. (Ticker BIT: FCH) (""Franchetti"" or the ""Company"" or the ""Group"")  a multinational Group leader in software development and engineering design listed on Euronext Growth Milan  pioneer in the planning  diagnosis and therapy of interventions aimed at safety and predictive scheduling of maintenance activities on infrastructural network structures  in particular bridges and viaducts  announces the following variation of the 2023 corporate evets calendar as previously published:DATE EVENT 13 September 2023 Board of Directors for the approval of the consolidated (25 September 2023 half-year financial report as of 30 June 2023  voluntarily subjected to a limited audit. previously communicated)Franchetti S.p.A. will promptly communicate any changes to the communicated dates.Franchetti S.p.A.Franchetti S.p.A. Franchetti S.p.A. heads the Franchetti Group  a pioneer in the field of management  diagnostics and predictive maintenance of infrastructures  bridges and viaducts in particular. Founded in 2013 in Arzignano (VI) with subsidiaries in Brazil and Canada  operations in the USA and in India  Franchetti is an innovative SME that has operated on over 40 000 equivalent motorway and railway bridges worldwide. The Group boasts a technical and scientific curriculum that places it among the leading international experts in the sector. The activity is divided into two main business lines: diagnosis and therapy services for infrastructure maintenance with inspections and assessments  intervention planning and construction management and ICT services for predictive programming of infrastructure maintenance. Franchetti has in fact developed two proprietary software that exploit the potential of artificial intelligence and predictive data analysis: Argan® which allows you to estimate the life cycle of the infrastructure and therefore automatically obtains the trend of the level of security over time in different scenarios and maintenance contexts and Pathwork© which allows for optimized management of road and motorway infrastructure construction sites and for sustainable mobility. With a workforce of 70 professionals  over 90% of whom have engineering degrees  the Group achieved consolidated revenues of 4.7 million euros in 2022  of which 60.7% generated in Italy and 39.3% in Brazil.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Franchetti S.p.A.', 'Variation', '2023 corporate', 'Franchetti S.p.A. Franchetti S.p.A.', 'Press Release Franchetti S.p.A.', '25 September 2023 half-year financial report', 'two main business lines', 'motorway infrastructure construction sites', '2023 corporate events calendar', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'infrastructural network structures', '2023 corporate evets calendar', 'leading international experts', 'two proprietary software', 'predictive data analysis', 'multinational Group leader', 'Franchetti Group', '40,000 equivalent motorway', 'construction management', 'software development', 'predictive scheduling', 'predictive maintenance', 'infrastructure maintenance', 'predictive programming', 'Ticker BIT', 'engineering design', 'maintenance activities', 'DATE EVENT', 'limited audit', 'innovative SME', 'scientific curriculum', 'ICT services', 'artificial intelligence', 'life cycle', 'different scenarios', 'maintenance contexts', 'sustainable mobility', 'engineering degrees', '4.7 million euros', 'The Group', 'optimized management', 'following variation', 'therapy services', 'intervention planning', 'railway bridges', 'Arzignano', 'FCH', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'diagnosis', 'interventions', 'safety', 'particular', 'viaducts', 'Board', 'Directors', 'approval', '30 June', 'changes', 'dates', 'field', 'diagnostics', 'infrastructures', 'subsidiaries', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'operations', 'USA', 'India', 'technical', 'sector', 'activity', 'inspections', 'assessments', 'fact', 'potential', 'Argan®', 'trend', 'level', 'security', 'time', 'Pathwork©', 'road', 'workforce', '70 professionals', 'consolidated', 'revenues', 'Italy']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Ontex-and-Hygianis-announce-agreement-for-sale-of-Algerian-business-44566457/,Ontex and Hygianis announce agreement for sale of Algerian business,(marketscreener.com) Aalst  Belgium  August 9  2023 – Ontex Group NV   a leading developer and manufacturer of hygiene products and solutions for retailers and healthcare  announces that it has entered into a binding agreement to sell its Algerian business to…,Aalst  Belgium  August 9  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) (“Ontex”)  a leading developer and manufacturer of hygiene products and solutions for retailers and healthcare  announces that it has entered into a binding agreement to sell its Algerian business to Hygianis SPA  its local distributor for more than 20 years. The transaction includes Ontex’s business in Algeria and related exports to certain neighboring countries.Ontex’s business in Algeria generated about €50 million sales in 2022  and is part of Ontex’s emerging markets activities  which have been classified as discontinued operations following the strategic decision in 2021 to divest these. Ontex aims to close the transaction  which is subject to customary conditions  by the end of September 2023.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comGeoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 Media Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of hygienic products and solutions for retailers and healthcare  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 20 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Algerian business', 'Ontex', 'Hygianis', 'agreement', 'sale', 'emerging markets activities', 'Media Maarten Verbanck', 'leading international developer', 'leading retailer brands', 'Ontex Group NV', 'leading developer', 'lifestyle brands', 'Euronext Brussels', 'binding agreement', 'Hygianis SPA', 'local distributor', '€50 million sales', 'strategic decision', 'customary conditions', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'hygienic products', 'innovative products', 'Ontex brands', 'Algerian business', 'neighboring countries', 'ontex.com', '100 countries', '20 countries', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'manufacturer', 'solutions', 'retailers', 'healthcare', '20 years', 'transaction', 'exports', 'part', 'operations', 'end', 'September', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'relations', 'producer', 'expertise', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', 'headquarters', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STAR7-S-P-A-131086271/news/STAR7-Composition-of-Share-Capital-notification-of-change-44560084/,STAR7 - Composition of Share Capital: notification of change,"(marketscreener.com)   Lorenzo Mondo  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of STAR7  commented: ""This concludes the formal process of the PAS conversion  which represents the achievement of one of the objectives STAR7 set itself when it was listed on Eurone…","Lorenzo Mondo  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of STAR7  commented: ""This concludes the formal process of the PAS conversion  which represents the achievement of one of the objectives STAR7 set itself when it was listed on Euronext Growth Milan"".STAR7For more than 20 years  STAR7 has served its customers as a leader in the product information sector. Support for product and process engineering  creating and managing technical content  as well as marketing  translation  printing and virtual experience: with its services  STAR7 is able to support the industrial activity of customers throughout the life cycle of the product  from the design phase to after-sales. The hallmark of STAR7 has always been an approach capable of combining specific know-how  technology and overall perspective to offer the best possible solutions to the needs of customers and the global market. This approach has seen STAR7 strike major partnerships with leading international companies  establishing it as a reliable and credible global partner. STAR7 is part of the STAR Group network.www.star-7.comFOR FURTHER INFORMATION:INVESTOR RELATIONSinvestorrelations@star-7.comBarbara Donadio  CFO and Investor Relations Manager STAR7Tel: +39 349 591 02 59E-mail: barbara.donadio@star-7.comMEDIA RELATIONS STAR7mediarelations@star-7.comiCorporate - Press OfficeE-mail: star7@icorporate.itElisa Piacentino  Senior Consultant and Client SupervisorMob. +39 366 9134595",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Share Capital', 'Composition', 'notification', 'change', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'best possible solutions', 'leading international companies', 'MEDIA RELATIONS STAR7', 'Investor Relations Manager', 'product information sector', 'FURTHER INFORMATION', 'Lorenzo Mondo', 'formal process', 'PAS conversion', 'process engineering', 'technical content', 'virtual experience', 'industrial activity', 'life cycle', 'design phase', 'specific know-how', 'overall perspective', 'global market', 'major partnerships', 'global partner', 'Group network', 'Press Office', 'Elisa Piacentino', 'Senior Consultant', 'Client Supervisor', 'Barbara Donadio', 'Chairman', 'achievement', 'objectives', '20 years', 'customers', 'leader', 'Support', 'marketing', 'translation', 'printing', 'services', 'sales', 'hallmark', 'approach', 'technology', 'needs', 'strike', 'reliable', 'CFO', 'Tel', 'mail', 'mediarelations', 'iCorporate', 'Mob.']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TETRAGON-FINANCIAL-GROUP-4006770/news/Tetragon-Financial-Group-Limited-Dividend-Information-in-Respect-of-Q2-2023-44561948/,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q2 2023,(marketscreener.com) LONDON  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 31 July 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 per share in respect of the second quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 August 2023. The record date is 3 A…,LONDON  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 31 July 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the second quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 August 2023. The record date is 3 August 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 29 August 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 15 August 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 29 August 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 15 August 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 29 August 2023.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $9.87  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 89.73 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume‑weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 2 August to 8 August 2023.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek Partnerspro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q2-2023-301896758.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.45,0.53,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q2', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'volume‑weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'investment manager', '89.73 dividend rights', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'second quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'voting shares', 'currency election', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', '31 July', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '2 August', '3 August', 'Payment', 'place', '29 August', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', '15 August', 'Sterling', 'lieu', '8 August', 'brochure', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TETRAGON-FINANCIAL-GROUP-4006770/news/Tetragon-Financial-Group-Ltd-Statement-re-Dividend-Information-44562700/,Tetragon Financial Group Ltd - Statement re: Dividend Information,(marketscreener.com) Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q2 2023LONDON  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 31 July 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 per share in respect of the second q…,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q2 2023LONDON  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 31 July 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the second quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 August 2023. The record date is 3 August 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 29 August 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 15 August 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 29 August 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 15 August 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 29 August 2023.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $9.87  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 89.73 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume-weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 2 August to 8 August 2023.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek Partnerspro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Ltd', 'Dividend Information', 'Statement', 'Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', '89.73 dividend rights', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'second quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'volume-weighted average', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'voting shares', 'Tetragon shares', 'currency election', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'Respect', 'Q2', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', '31 July', 'Board', 'Directors', '2 August', '3 August', 'Payment', 'place', '29 August', 'website', 'shareholders', '15 August', 'Sterling', 'lieu', '8 August', 'brochure', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHOTONIKE-CAPITAL-S-A-6154511/news/Assignment-new-shares-Clarifications-44565806/,Assignment new shares: Clarifications,(marketscreener.com)   Assignment new shares: Clarifications      09 Aug 2023 16:28 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   PHOTONIKE CAPITAL      Photonike Capital Sa informs that the technical operations relating to...https://www.marketscre…,Assignment new shares: ClarificationsPhotonike Capital Sa informs that the technical operations relating to the extraordinary shareholders' meeting of 27 July 2023  concerning the assignment of 88.165.535 new shares to shareholders  have been completed.Following some incorrect messages received from shareholders  the following is specified:- the assignment of 5 shares for each share held was not a share splitting with a consequent cut in value  but an assignment of shares representing a capital increase which was increased from 11 285 823 euros to 73 523 618 euros  which reflects the value of the assets in the portfolio  with a nominal book value of €0.695 per share.The share price of Photonike Capital Sa in recent months  prior to the operation  has rewarded the title approximately 1.45 times compared to the previous nominal book value.The company now intends to continue with the project of bringing the stock to the Growth segment of continuous trading  and will open the appropriate authorization requests with Euronext.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['new shares', 'Assignment', 'Clarifications', 'previous nominal book value', 'appropriate authorization requests', 'Photonike Capital Sa', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'capital increase', 'technical operations', 'incorrect messages', 'consequent cut', 'recent months', 'Growth segment', 'continuous trading', 'new shares', 'share price', '5 shares', 'Assignment', 'Clarifications', '27 July', '11,285,823 euros', '73,523,618 euros', 'assets', 'portfolio', 'title', 'company', 'project', 'stock', 'Euronext']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/EureKING-to-buy-SCTbio-plans-Paris-listed-biotech-firm--44559567/,EureKING to buy SCTbio  plans Paris-listed biotech firm,(marketscreener.com) -French special purpose acquisition company eureKING on Wednesday said it would acquire full ownership of SCTbio with a view to creating a new biotech company  which will be listed in Paris.https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/EureK…,"(Reuters) -French special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) eureKING on Wednesday said it would acquire full ownership of SCTbio with a view to creating a new biotech company  which will be listed in Paris.eureKING said it will pay around 13.08 million euros ($14.35 million) for 67% of the share capital  on a fully diluted basis  of SCTbio  a pharma company specializing in the cell and gene-therapy field.The remaining 33% - currently owned by PPF Biotech - will be settled through newly issued shares of eureKING  after which the French SPAC will fully own SCTbio.eureKING is already in the process of buying France's Skyepharma and is scouting to buy assets in the pharmaceutical sector.It said on Wednesday that it plans to combine both companies once the deals are completed  to create a leading European biologics contract development and manufacturing organization (bio CDMO).""By acquiring SCTbio and combining it with Skyepharma  we intend to build a solid network of production capacity in Europe with global reach "" eureKING CEO Michael Kloss said in a statement.In a separate news release  PPF Biotech said the newly-created company will be listed on the Euronext stock exchange in Paris.The transaction should close in the last quarter of 2023  PPF added.($1 = 0.9113 euros)(Reporting by Olivier Sorgho; editing by Jason Neely and Sharon Singleton)",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['Paris-listed biotech firm', 'EureKING', 'SCTbio', 'leading European biologics contract development', 'French special purpose acquisition company', 'eureKING CEO Michael Kloss', 'separate news release', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'new biotech company', 'French SPAC', 'full ownership', 'share capital', 'diluted basis', 'gene-therapy field', 'PPF Biotech', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'manufacturing organization', 'bio CDMO', 'solid network', 'production capacity', 'global reach', 'last quarter', 'Olivier Sorgho', 'Jason Neely', 'Sharon Singleton', 'SPAC) eureKING', '13.08 million euros', '0.9113 euros', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'SCTbio', 'view', 'Paris', 'cell', 'shares', 'process', 'France', 'Skyepharma', 'assets', 'companies', 'deals', 'statement', 'transaction']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-44566343/,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 9 August 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -   In accordance wit…,9 August 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 2 and 8 August 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 25 May 2023 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 771 528 (1.4%) on 8 August 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Arnaud Laviolette', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'August', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '25 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'Website', 'dieterengroup']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TIE-KINETIX-N-V-12944543/news/TIE-Kinetix-N-issued-share-capital-44566855/,TIE Kinetix N : issued share capital,(marketscreener.com)   For more information please contact:   TIE Kinetix N.V. Michiel Wolfswinkel  CFO T: +31 88 3698060  E: Michiel.Wolfswinkel@TIEKinetix.com W: www.TIEKinetix.com   At TIE Kinetix  we help companies of all sizes achieve their d…,For more information please contact:TIE Kinetix N.V.Michiel Wolfswinkel  CFOT: +31 (0) 88 3698060E: Michiel.Wolfswinkel@TIEKinetix.comW: www.TIEKinetix.comAt TIE Kinetix  we help companies of all sizes achieve their digitalization goals. From 1% to 100% or anywhere in between  our cloud-native FLOW Partner Automation platform is designed to completely eliminate paper from the supply chain  enabling our customers to focus on three corporate initiatives that drive true organizational change: business process efficiency  compliance  and corporate social responsibility (CSR).We believe that digitalization (not digitization) is the future. We believe in conscious development  and we believe in moving ourselves and our customers forward. More than 2 500 companies have chosen TIE Kinetix to support their EDI  e-invoicing  and general digitalization projects  and we proudly facilitate the exchange of over 1 billion documents through FLOW each year-the equivalent of 10 000 trees saved.Founded in 1987  TIE Kinetix is a public company (Euronext: TIE) with offices in the Netherlands (HQ)  France  Germany  Australia  and the United States. For more information  visit www.TIEKinetix.com  and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  Xing  and YouTube.TIE Kinetix N.V.De Corridor 5d3621 ZA BreukelenT: +31-88-369-8000,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['TIE Kinetix N', 'share capital', 'cloud-native FLOW Partner Automation platform', 'TIE Kinetix N.V.', 'true organizational change', 'business process efficiency', '3621 ZA Breukelen T', 'three corporate initiatives', 'general digitalization projects', 'CFO T', 'digitalization goals', 'supply chain', 'social responsibility', '1 billion documents', 'public company', 'United States', 'De Corridor', 'Michiel Wolfswinkel', 'information', 'TIEKinetix', 'companies', 'sizes', 'paper', 'customers', 'compliance', 'CSR', 'digitization', 'future', 'development', 'More', 'exchange', 'equivalent', '10,000 trees', 'Euronext', 'offices', 'Netherlands', 'HQ', 'France', 'Germany', 'Australia', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Xing', 'YouTube']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAPID-NUTRITION-PLC-123894197/news/Rapid-Nutrition-Unveils-Innovative-Solution-Personalised-Vitamin-Packs-Tailored-to-Individual-Healt-44556754/,Rapid Nutrition Unveils Innovative Solution: Personalised Vitamin Packs Tailored to Individual Health Needs,(marketscreener.com)   London  United Kingdom - 9 Aug 2023 - Rapid Nutrition PLC   a globally renowned health and wellness company  is proud to announce their up and coming launch of its innovative service  offering personalised vitamin packs customised to …,"London  United Kingdom - 9 Aug 2023 - Rapid Nutrition PLC (Euronext Growth: ALRPD)  a globally renowned health and wellness company  is proud to announce their up and coming launch of its innovative service  offering personalised vitamin packs customised to meet the unique health needs and goals of its customers. The new initiative  will empower individuals to take control of their well-being by receiving precisely tailored vitamin packs delivered directly to their doorsteps.Recognising the increasing demand for personalised health solutions  Rapid Nutrition has developed a comprehensive approach to provide customers with optimised nutritional support. With the introduction of personalised vitamin packs  Rapid Nutrition is setting new standards by combining scientific research  cutting-edge technology  and customer-focused innovation.The personalised vitamin packs are carefully formulated based on an individual's health profile  lifestyle factors  and specific goals. This unique service takes into account various aspects such as age  gender  activity level  dietary preferences  and potential nutrient deficiencies ensuring that each customer receives a precisely customised blend of vitamins  minerals  and other essential nutrients to support their overall well-being.One of the key advantages of Rapid Nutrition's personalised vitamin packs is the convenience they offer. Customers will be able to easily access the service through Rapid Nutrition's user-friendly online platform. By completing a comprehensive health assessment  customers provide the necessary information to create their personalised vitamin packs. The packs are then prepared by Rapid Nutrition's team of experts in adherence to stringent quality standards and shipped directly to the customer's doorstep  ensuring a hassle-free experience.""We are thrilled to be introducing personalised vitamin packs  as it aligns perfectly with our mission to provide superior nutrition and empower individuals to achieve their health goals "" said Simon St Ledger  CEO at Rapid Nutrition. ""By offering customised solutions  we aim to revolutionise the way people approach their nutritional needs. This exciting initiative showcases our commitment to innovation  scientific excellence  and customer-centricity.""Rapid Nutrition's personalised vitamin packs not only reflect the latest advancements in the field of nutrition but also prioritise sustainability. The company has taken significant measures to reduce waste and minimise environmental impact by utilising eco-friendly packaging materials. With this approach  Rapid Nutrition ensures that its commitment to the well-being of its customers goes hand in hand with a responsibility towards the planet.Further information about Rapid Nutrition's personalised vitamin packs will be released in the coming weeks. In the meantime  to get started on your wellness journey  please visit www.rapid-nutrition.comAbout Rapid NutritionDedicated to the development and distribution of premium  science-based health and wellness brands across the globe  Rapid Nutrition shares a wealth of award-winning products with consumers who are passionate about innovations that are ""made by nature  refined by science."" Rapid Nutrition's first-class scientific team matches the experience of its management team to keep both the company and consumers on top of the latest industry trends and developments  while aligning with industry leaders worldwide to deliver effective supplements and solutions. Rapid Nutrition aims to be the supplier of choice globally by offering premium brands with the highest-quality ingredients to deliver maximum results.For more information  please visit http://rnplc.comInvestor Relations Contact:ir@rnplc.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and or otherwise that involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause Rapid Nutrition PLCs actual results and experience to differ materially from anticipated results and expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Rapid Nutrition PLC has in some cases identified forward-looking statements by using words such as ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""hopes "" ""estimates "" ""looks "" ""expects "" ""plans "" ""intends "" ""goal "" ""potential "" ""may "" ""suggest "" and similar expressions. Rapid Nutrition PLC undertakes no obligation to release publicly the results of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as required by applicable law or regulation.This media information does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. This information does not constitute an offering prospectus within the meaning within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 of June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  and repealing Directive 2003/71 or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the Euronext Exchange or OTC Markets. The media release is in accordance with International Reporting Standard: Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Securities Exchange Act ('Rule 12g3-2(b)') permits non-U.S. companies with securities listed primarily on a Qualified Foreign Exchange to make publicly available to U.S investors in English the same information that is made publicly available in their home countries as an alternative to SEC reporting Exchange Act Rule 12g3-2(b).",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.32,0.16,True,English,"['Rapid Nutrition Unveils', 'Personalised Vitamin Packs', 'Individual Health Needs', 'Innovative Solution', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'potential nutrient deficiencies', 'other essential nutrients', 'user-friendly online platform', 'Simon St Ledger', 'eco-friendly packaging materials', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'safe harbor provisions', 'stringent quality standards', 'personalised vitamin packs', 'comprehensive health assessment', 'premium, science-based health', 'latest industry trends', 'unique health needs', 'personalised health solutions', 'Rapid Nutrition PLC', 'first-class scientific team', 'renowned health', 'health profile', 'new standards', 'nutritional needs', 'latest advancements', 'industry leaders', 'premium brands', 'scientific research', 'scientific excellence', 'health goals', 'unique service', 'superior nutrition', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Growth', 'coming launch', 'new initiative', 'increasing demand', 'comprehensive approach', 'nutritional support', 'cutting-edge technology', 'lifestyle factors', 'various aspects', 'activity level', 'dietary preferences', 'key advantages', 'customised solutions', 'exciting initiative', 'significant measures', 'environmental impact', 'coming weeks', 'wellness journey', 'wellness brands', 'award-winning products', 'management team', 'effective supplements', 'highest-quality ingredients', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'applicable law', 'European Parliament', 'innovative service', 'specific goals', 'necessary information', 'Further information', 'media information', 'customer-focused innovation', 'maximum results', 'actual results', 'unanticipated events', 'offering prospectus', 'wellness company', 'overall well-being', 'hassle-free experience', 'London', '9 Aug', 'ALRPD', 'customers', 'individuals', 'control', 'doorsteps', 'optimised', 'introduction', 'account', 'gender', 'blend', 'vitamins', 'minerals', 'convenience', 'experts', 'adherence', 'mission', 'CEO', 'way', 'people', 'commitment', 'customer-centricity', 'field', 'sustainability', 'waste', 'hand', 'responsibility', 'planet', 'meantime', 'development', 'distribution', 'globe', 'wealth', 'consumers', 'innovations', 'nature', 'top', 'supplier', 'choice', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'expectations', 'cases', 'words', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'plans', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'date', 'regulation', 'solicitation', 'meaning', 'Council', 'June', '14']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-phase-iii-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-for-the-treatment-of-apds-in-japan-301896457.html,Pharming announces first patient enrolled in Phase III clinical trial of leniolisib for the treatment of APDS in Japan,"Single-arm Phase III study in Japan evaluating leniolisib in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiency LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterda…","Single-arm Phase III study in Japan evaluating leniolisib in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  The Netherlands  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase III clinical trial in Japan evaluating leniolisib for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.Pharming's single-arm  open-label clinical trial will evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of leniolisib in three patients 12 years of age and older who have a confirmed APDS diagnosis. Each patient will receive weight-based dosing up to 70mg of leniolisib twice daily for 12 weeks. The study's primary efficacy endpoints and secondary endpoints mirror those used to evaluate the clinical outcomes in each of the leniolisib APDS trials.Pharming plans to include data from the trial in a future registration application for the approval of leniolisib to be filed with Japan's Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA). Eligible patients enrolled in the trial will continue to receive the investigational drug for at least one year through an open-label extension trial.Hirokazu Kanegane  Professor of the Department of Child Health and Development  Tokyo Medical and Dental University  commented:""The initiation of this clinical study is a positive step for the APDS community in Japan. With patients currently reliant on supportive treatments  the prospect of a disease-modifying treatment for this rare primary immunodeficiency could represent an exciting new treatment option for patients  their families  caregivers and their doctors in Japan.""Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""Building on the success of our multinational Phase II/III study of leniolisib in patients with APDS 12 years of age and older  I am pleased to confirm the initiation of our Phase III trial supporting the same population in Japan. By conducting this study  Pharming's goal is to introduce an oral treatment option that has the potential to alter the course of disease for patients with APDS  a rare and progressive disease  in Japan. Following the FDA's recent approval of Joenja® in the U.S.  we are working with regulatory authorities to expand access to this targeted treatment for patients across the globe through additional market authorizations.""In May 2023  leniolisib was granted orphan drug designation (ODD) by the Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare of Japan (MHLW) for the treatment of APDS. There is currently no approved therapy in Japan for this complex and progressive disease.The MHLW's ODD system promotes the research and development of investigational drugs designed to treat diseases associated with significant unmet medical need and which affect fewer than 50 000 patients across Japan. Investigational drugs granted ODD in Japan benefit from additional guidance and subsidies for research and development activities  consultation for clinical development  and priority review of marketing authorization applications.Leniolisib received regulatory approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of APDS in patients 12 years of age or older in March 2023 and was commercially launched under the brand name Joenja® in the U.S. in April 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About Joenja® (leniolisib)Joenja® (leniolisib) is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Joenja® inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of Joenja® in the coprimary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term Joenja® administration.8 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review by the European Medicines Agency  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in the UK  Canada  Australia and Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in a Phase III clinical trial in children aged 4 to 11 with APDS  with a further trial planned in children aged 1 to 6 years with APDS. For information about Joenja®  visit: Joenja.comAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2022 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.8. Rao VK  et al. Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]US PREthan MetelenisE: [email protected]T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRClaire DobbsE: [email protected]T: +44 7864 640093SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.13,0.31,True,English,"['Phase III clinical trial', 'first patient', 'Pharming', 'leniolisib', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'Japan', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'significant unmet medical need', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'multinational Phase II/III study', 'Single-arm Phase III study', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'exciting new treatment option', 'single-arm, open-label clinical trial', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Phase III trial', '3-kinase delta syndrome', 'oral treatment option', 'open-label extension trial', 'future registration application', 'Medical Devices Agency', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'marketing authorization applications', 'United States Food', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'important cellular messenger', 'additional market authorizations', 'orphan drug designation', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'leniolisib APDS trials', 'clinical study', 'Tokyo Medical', 'clinical outcomes', 'secondary endpoints', 'additional guidance', 'investigational drug', 'Drug Administration', 'clinical development', 'The Netherlands', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'weight-based dosing', 'to 70mg', 'one year', 'Hirokazu Kanegane', 'Child Health', 'Dental University', 'positive step', 'supportive treatments', 'Anurag Relan', 'same population', 'U.S.', 'regulatory authorities', 'priority review', 'brand name', 'immune cells', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'disease-modifying treatment', 'progressive disease', 'Pharming plans', 'recent approval', 'regulatory approval', 'The MHLW', '1 to 2 people', 'development activities', 'targeted treatment', 'pediatric patients', 'three patients', 'Eligible patients', 'ODD system', 'APDS diagnosis', 'APDS community', 'first patient', 'APDS 12 years', '50,000 patients', 'PI3Kẟ', 'Japan', 'LEIDEN', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'adult', 'safety', 'tolerability', '12 weeks', 'data', 'Pharmaceuticals', 'PMDA', 'Professor', 'Department', 'initiation', 'prospect', 'families', 'caregivers', 'doctors', 'MPH', 'success', 'goal', 'potential', 'course', 'FDA', 'Joenja®', 'access', 'globe', 'May', 'Ministry', 'Labour', 'Welfare', 'therapy', 'complex', 'research', 'diseases', 'fewer', 'subsidies', 'consultation', 'March', 'April', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'function', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'time', 'million', 'inhibitor', 'US', 'production']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,prnewswire.com
28906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OPENJOBMETIS-S-P-A-25358957/news/Openjobmetis-S-p-A-Notice-of-publication-of-the-Interim-Financial-Report-as-at-30-June-2023-44560208/,Openjobmetis S p A : Notice of publication of the Interim Financial Report as at 30 June 2023,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF THE PUBLICATION OF   THE INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT AS AT 30 JUNE 2023   Milan  9 August 2023 - Notice is hereby given that the Interim Financial Report as at 30 June 2023  comprising the Directors' Report on Operations …,NOTICE OF THE PUBLICATION OFTHE INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT AS AT 30 JUNE 2023Milan  9 August 2023 - Notice is hereby given that the Interim Financial Report as at 30 June 2023  comprising the Directors' Report on Operations and accompanied by the statement by the Manager in charge of preparing the company's financial reports  and the independent auditors' report  have been filed  pursuant to and within the terms of law  at the headquarters and submitted to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and Consob. They are also available on the company's website  www.openjobmetis.it  in the section 'Investor Relations - Financial Statements and Reports' as well as through the authorised storage device eMarket Storage (www.emarketstorage.com).****Openjobmetis - an overview: Openjobmetis is the Employment Agency established in 2011 as a result of the merger of Openjob SpA and Metis SpA  combining the unique skills and experiences for which they have always been known. Listed since December 2015  Openjobmetis SpA is the first and only Employment Agency in the STAR segment of Euronext Milan (EXM) operated by Borsa Italiana  and is positioned among the leading Italian operators in its field  with revenue of approximately EUR 768 4 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. Openjobmetis SpA  which provides temporary work employment  operates through a network of 150 branches and Specialized Divisions in a wide range of labour market sectors  including: Healthcare  Banking and Finance  Large-Scale Retail Trade  Big Clients  I&CT  Agro-Industrial and  as well as Techne specialized in aerospace  naval and energy thanks to the acquisition of Quanta S.p.A.  a company merged into Openjobmetis with effect from 1 January 2022. Among the services offered  there are also research and selection solutions for direct entry into a company of qualified junior profiles through the Permanent Placement team and the division UNA Forza Vendite which deals with commercial figures and sales agentsOpenjobmetis also has the following subsidiaries: (i) Openjob Consulting Srl  active in the management of the financed training activities;Seltis Hub Srl  the highly specialized vertical competence center focused on recruitment and selection that also operates through the digital platforms Meritocracy and Jobmetoo  (iii) Family Care Srl  APL dedicated to family assistance. Finally (iv) Lyve Srl  a 52.06% subsidiary  a training company.Investor Relations - Alessandro EspostiInvestor.relator@openjob.itTel. +39 0331-211501Press Office - FinanceJabaElena Simoncini elena.simoncini@jabaitalia.comTel. +39 392 5139493OpenjobmetisTel. 0331 211501comunicazione@openjob.itPag. 1 di 1Openjobmetis S.p.A.AGENZIA PER IL LAVORO - Aut. Prot. N. 1111-SG del 26/11/2004Cod. Fisc./P.IVA/Nr. Iscr. Reg. imprese di Milano-MB-Lodi 13343690155 - Capitale Sociale € 13.712.000 00 = i.v. DIREZIONE GENERALE E UFFICI: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA)SEDE LEGALE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 MilanoTel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Interim Financial Report', 'Openjobmetis S', 'Notice', 'publication', '30 June', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Quanta S.p.A.', 'Centro Direzionale Le Torri', 'specialized vertical competence center', 'Openjobmetis S.p.A.', 'leading Italian operators', 'labour market sectors', 'Large-Scale Retail Trade', 'qualified junior profiles', 'Permanent Placement team', 'UNA Forza Vendite', 'DIREZIONE GENERALE E', ""independent auditors' report"", 'Seltis Hub Srl', 'temporary work employment', 'INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Family Care Srl', 'authorised storage device', 'Openjob Consulting Srl', 'P.IVA', 'Specialized Divisions', ""Directors' Report"", 'Lyve Srl', 'Financial Statements', 'family assistance', 'Employment Agency', 'financial reports', 'Openjob SpA', 'Metis SpA', 'unique skills', 'wide range', 'Big Clients', 'I&CT', 'direct entry', 'commercial figures', 'sales agents', 'following subsidiaries', 'training activities', 'digital platforms', 'Alessandro Esposti', 'Press Office', 'Prot. N.', 'Reg. imprese', 'Capitale Sociale', 'Via Marsala', 'SEDE LEGALE', 'Via Assietta', 'SDI SN4CSRI', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Milan', 'selection solutions', 'Elena Simoncini', 'training company', 'NOTICE', 'THE', '30 JUNE', '9 August', 'Operations', 'Manager', 'charge', 'terms', 'law', 'headquarters', 'Consob.', 'website', 'section', 'overview', 'result', 'merger', 'experiences', 'December', 'first', 'segment', 'EXM', 'field', 'revenue', 'year', 'network', '150 branches', 'Healthcare', 'Banking', 'Finance', 'Agro-Industrial', 'Techne', 'aerospace', 'naval', 'energy', 'acquisition', 'effect', '1 January', 'services', 'research', 'management', 'recruitment', 'Meritocracy', 'Jobmetoo', 'APL', '52.06% subsidiary', 'relator', 'Tel.', 'Jaba', 'Pag', 'AGENZIA', 'LAVORO', 'Aut.', 'SG', '26/1', 'Cod.', 'Fisc', 'Nr', 'Iscr', 'UFFICI', '21013 Gallarate', 'Milano']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-116960810/news/Pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-Phase-III-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-for-the-treatmen-44557097/,Pharming announces first patient enrolled in Phase III clinical trial of leniolisib for the treatment of APDS in Japan,(marketscreener.com) Single-arm Phase III study in Japan evaluating leniolisib in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  The Netherlands  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. announces that the first …,"Single-arm Phase III study in Japan evaluating leniolisib in patients aged 12 years and older with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiencyLEIDEN  The Netherlands  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the first patient has been enrolled in its Phase III clinical trial in Japan evaluating leniolisib for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.Pharming's single-arm  open-label clinical trial will evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of leniolisib in three patients 12 years of age and older who have a confirmed APDS diagnosis. Each patient will receive weight-based dosing up to 70mg of leniolisib twice daily for 12 weeks. The study's primary efficacy endpoints and secondary endpoints mirror those used to evaluate the clinical outcomes in each of the leniolisib APDS trials.Pharming plans to include data from the trial in a future registration application for the approval of leniolisib to be filed with Japan's Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA). Eligible patients enrolled in the trial will continue to receive the investigational drug for at least one year through an open-label extension trial.Hirokazu Kanegane  Professor of the Department of Child Health and Development  Tokyo Medical and Dental University  commented:""The initiation of this clinical study is a positive step for the APDS community in Japan. With patients currently reliant on supportive treatments  the prospect of a disease-modifying treatment for this rare primary immunodeficiency could represent an exciting new treatment option for patients  their families  caregivers and their doctors in Japan.""Anurag Relan  MD  MPH  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  commented:""Building on the success of our multinational Phase II/III study of leniolisib in patients with APDS 12 years of age and older  I am pleased to confirm the initiation of our Phase III trial supporting the same population in Japan. By conducting this study  Pharming's goal is to introduce an oral treatment option that has the potential to alter the course of disease for patients with APDS  a rare and progressive disease  in Japan. Following the FDA's recent approval of Joenja® in the U.S.  we are working with regulatory authorities to expand access to this targeted treatment for patients across the globe through additional market authorizations.""In May 2023  leniolisib was granted orphan drug designation (ODD) by the Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare of Japan (MHLW) for the treatment of APDS. There is currently no approved therapy in Japan for this complex and progressive disease.The MHLW's ODD system promotes the research and development of investigational drugs designed to treat diseases associated with significant unmet medical need and which affect fewer than 50 000 patients across Japan. Investigational drugs granted ODD in Japan benefit from additional guidance and subsidies for research and development activities  consultation for clinical development  and priority review of marketing authorization applications.Leniolisib received regulatory approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of APDS in patients 12 years of age or older in March 2023 and was commercially launched under the brand name Joenja® in the U.S. in April 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About Joenja® (leniolisib)Joenja® (leniolisib) is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Joenja® inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of Joenja® in the coprimary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term Joenja® administration.8 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review by the European Medicines Agency  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in the UK  Canada  Australia and Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in a Phase III clinical trial in children aged 4 to 11 with APDS  with a further trial planned in children aged 1 to 6 years with APDS. For information about Joenja®  visit: Joenja.comAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2022 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.8. Rao VK  et al. Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan MetelenisE: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.comT: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRClaire DobbsE: claire.dobbs@solarishealth.comT: +44 7864 640093View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-first-patient-enrolled-in-phase-iii-clinical-trial-of-leniolisib-for-the-treatment-of-apds-in-japan-301896457.htmlSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.13,0.31,True,English,"['Phase III clinical trial', 'first patient', 'Pharming', 'leniolisib', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'Japan', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'significant unmet medical need', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'multinational Phase II/III study', 'Single-arm Phase III study', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'exciting new treatment option', 'single-arm, open-label clinical trial', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Phase III trial', '3-kinase delta syndrome', 'oral treatment option', 'open-label extension trial', 'future registration application', 'Medical Devices Agency', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'marketing authorization applications', 'United States Food', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'important cellular messenger', 'additional market authorizations', 'orphan drug designation', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'leniolisib APDS trials', 'clinical study', 'Tokyo Medical', 'clinical outcomes', 'secondary endpoints', 'additional guidance', 'investigational drug', 'Drug Administration', 'clinical development', 'The Netherlands', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'weight-based dosing', 'to 70mg', 'one year', 'Hirokazu Kanegane', 'Child Health', 'Dental University', 'positive step', 'supportive treatments', 'Anurag Relan', 'same population', 'U.S.', 'regulatory authorities', 'priority review', 'brand name', 'immune cells', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'disease-modifying treatment', 'progressive disease', 'Pharming plans', 'recent approval', 'regulatory approval', 'The MHLW', '1 to 2 people', 'development activities', 'targeted treatment', 'pediatric patients', 'three patients', 'Eligible patients', 'ODD system', 'APDS diagnosis', 'APDS community', 'first patient', 'APDS 12 years', '50,000 patients', 'PI3Kẟ', 'Japan', 'LEIDEN', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'adult', 'safety', 'tolerability', '12 weeks', 'data', 'Pharmaceuticals', 'PMDA', 'Professor', 'Department', 'initiation', 'prospect', 'families', 'caregivers', 'doctors', 'MPH', 'success', 'goal', 'potential', 'course', 'FDA', 'Joenja®', 'access', 'globe', 'May', 'Ministry', 'Labour', 'Welfare', 'therapy', 'complex', 'research', 'diseases', 'fewer', 'subsidies', 'consultation', 'March', 'April', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'function', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'time', 'million', 'inhibitor', 'US', 'production']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-delivers-strong-Lippincott-journal-performance-in-2023-Journal-Citation-Reports-44564685/,Wolters Kluwer delivers strong Lippincott journal performance in 2023 Journal Citation Reports,(marketscreener.com) Three journals secure #1 spot  over half show gainshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-delivers-strong-Lippincott-journal-performance-in-2023-Journal-Citation-Reports-44564685/?utm_medium=…,Three journals secure #1 spot  over half show gainsWolters Kluwer Health today announced strong results for the Lippincott portfolio of journals in the 2022 Journal Impact Factor (JIF)  the journal metric released annually by Clarivate Analytics as part of the Journal Citation Reports (JCR). Against an industry backdrop of declining JIFs  Lippincott’s performance in the latest rankings showed consistent year-over-year improvements.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230809540558/en/More than half of Lippincott journals improve rankings in the 2022 Journal Impact Factor (Graphic: Business Wire)The annual rankings evaluate over 21 500 high-quality academic journals from more than 250 scientific and research disciplines. The JCR and JIF have long been trusted by the global academic community as a key performance indicator of the most impactful journals in a given field. Researchers turn to these rankings as an assurance that they can confidently rely on the information and data provided as adhering to research integrity standards.Despite industry change  Lippincott risesThe 2023 rankings featured 387 Wolters Kluwer journals  with more than half (52%) receiving improved rankings from the previous year and an overall net increase for the portfolio. Impressively  three Lippincott titles came in at #1 in their respective categories  Academic Medicine  Circulation and Ear and Hearing.“Over the past few years  we have seen a tremendous amount of disruption and change when it comes to the JIF calculations  starting in 2020 with the introduction of early access andfollowed by inflated results from the surge of research during the COVID-19 pandemic ” said Jennifer Brogan  Vice President  Global Journal Publishing & Society Solutions  Health Learning  Research & Practice at Wolters Kluwer. “This year’s rankings indicate a return to normal and  moving forward  the numbers will show a truer year-over-year reflection of the academic research landscape.”New titles and top 10 recognitionsDespite the recent drop-off in overall output across scientific publishing  Lippincott journals maintained  and in some cases  improved their overall rankings. For categories such as Anesthesiology  Cardiac and Cardiovascular Systems  Obstetrics and Gynecology  Peripheral Vascular Disease  and Transplantation  Lippincott publishes multiple journals that were recognized in the Top 10.“Ear and Hearing and the American Auditory Society have had a very fruitful publishing relationship with Wolters Kluwer and have benefited from the breadth of the Lippincott platform ” said Ruth Litovsky​  PhD  Editor-in-Chief of Ear and Hearing. “The strong connections and trust that Wolters Kluwer has across the medical research industry is unmatched and allows our team to focus on providing the best possible content to our audience  with minimal focus on business processes that can slow down publishing.”While the 2023 analytics showcase Wolters Kluwer’s long-time prominence in academic research  new additions to the publishing lineup were also included. In fact  164 newer Lippincott journals were included in the Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI)  where the titles received JIFs for the first time.To learn more about the titles within the Wolters Kluwer Lippincott publishing lineup  please visit lww.com. For a comprehensive look at the process for journal rankings over the years  please read this American College of Sports Medicine blog post.Wolters Kluwer Health provides trusted clinical technology and evidence-based solutions that engage clinicians  patients  researchers and students in effective decision-making and outcomes across healthcare. The division of Wolters Kluwer supports clinical effectiveness  learning and research  clinical surveillance and compliance  as well as data solutions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.For more information about our solutions  visit https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/health and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @WKHealthView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230809540558/en/,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['strong Lippincott journal performance', '2023 Journal Citation Reports', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Emerging Sources Citation Index', 'Sports Medicine blog post', 'Wolters Kluwer Lippincott publishing lineup', 'Journal Citation Reports', 'Peripheral Vascular Disease', 'best possible content', 'deep domain knowledge', '2022 Journal Impact Factor', 'fruitful publishing relationship', 'overall net increase', 'global academic community', 'key performance indicator', 'Global Journal Publishing', 'American Auditory Society', 'trusted clinical technology', '21,500 high-quality academic journals', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', '164 newer Lippincott journals', 'academic research landscape', '387 Wolters Kluwer journals', 'medical research industry', 'three Lippincott titles', 'Academic Medicine', 'Three journals', 'journal metric', 'global leader', 'American College', 'specialized technology', 'industry backdrop', 'overall output', 'clinical effectiveness', 'clinical surveillance', 'Society Solutions', 'impactful journals', 'multiple journals', 'journal rankings', 'Lippincott platform', 'Health Learning', 'scientific publishing', 'year improvements', 'press release', 'full release', 'Business Wire', 'integrity standards', 'previous year', 'tremendous amount', 'early access', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'Jennifer Brogan', 'Vice President', 'year reflection', 'recent drop-off', 'Cardiovascular Systems', 'Ruth Litovsky', 'strong connections', 'minimal focus', 'business processes', 'time prominence', 'new additions', 'first time', 'comprehensive look', 'effective decision-making', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'overall rankings', 'industry change', 'evidence-based solutions', 'expert solutions', 'research disciplines', 'New titles', 'Lippincott portfolio', 'latest rankings', 'annual rankings', 'improved rankings', 'strong results', 'Clarivate Analytics', 'declining JIFs', 'The JCR', 'respective categories', 'top 10 recognitions', 'corporate compliance', 'JIF calculations', 'data solutions', '2023 rankings', '250 scientific', '2023 analytics', 'half', 'gains', 'part', 'consistent', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'More', 'Graphic', 'field', 'Researchers', 'assurance', 'information', 'Circulation', 'Hearing', 'past', 'years', 'disruption', 'introduction', 'inflated', 'surge', 'Practice', 'return', 'numbers', 'truer', 'cases', 'Anesthesiology', 'Cardiac', 'Obstetrics', 'Gynecology', 'Transplantation', 'breadth', 'PhD', 'Chief', 'team', 'audience', 'long', 'ESCI', 'clinicians', 'patients', 'students', 'outcomes', 'healthcare', 'division', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'services', 'professionals', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer', 'WKHealth']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EBUSCO-HOLDING-N-V-128408817/news/Ebusco-N-Slower-than-expected-ramp-up-weighed-on-H1-2023-results-44557397/,Ebusco N : Slower than expected ramp up weighed on H1 2023 results,(marketscreener.com)  New assembly partners to enable improvement of operating results   Operational highlights H1 2023    First Ebusco 3.0 buses from serial production delivered  showing strong vehicle performance   Strong commercial momentum  wit…,"Operational highlights H1 2023First Ebusco 3.0 buses from serial production delivered  showing strong vehicle performanceStrong commercial momentum  with orders won from Qbuzz  SWEG  and Keolis amongst othersFirst nine buses ordered through the French public procurement agency UGAPTender activity in full swing  with traditionally most closing dates in the second half of the yearTrials with new assembly partners completed  first Ebusco 3.0 buses successfully manufactured through partnersFinancial results H1 2023Revenue over the first half of 2023 arrived at €41.7 millionEBITDA [1] loss of €43.5 millionloss of €43.5 million Result for the period of negative €35.8 millionGood order book increase with 320 buses (net) to a level of 1 794 [2] (of which 677 Ebusco 3.0's)(of which 677 Ebusco 3.0's) Ebusco achieved a 4.7% market share in European Electric buses in 2Q23 [3]Liquidity and fundingIn order to finance short-term liquidity requirements  Ebusco secured a two-year financing facility of €41.5 million  in addition to its already existing bank guarantee credit facility of €50 millionIn view of the acceleration of production with partners  Ebusco sees further opportunities to streamline its working capital and cost baseOutlook FY 2023As per the update provided on the 27th of July 2023  Ebusco expects to record a significant improvement in the operating result for the second half of 2023 compared to the first half of the year and a significant increase in sales over the full year 2023 compared to 2022. In 2024  the company expects to be EBITDA positive.Deurne  9 August 2023 - Ebusco (Euronext: EBUS) today provides insight into its figures for the first half of 2023. With an adjusted manufacturing strategy  the company targets an improved result for the second half of 2023.In the first half of 2023  Ebusco delivered fewer buses than expected. Although the company recently delivered the first Ebusco 3.0 buses from serial production  showing strong operational vehicle performance  Ebusco was unable to reach the production output it was aiming for. Production continued to be impacted by  amongst others  supply chain constraints and a shortage of skilled labour. As a result of these circumstances  the company faces delays due to rework. These effects  and provisions for late delivery penalties  negatively impacted profitability.To mitigate the above-mentioned challenges  Ebusco has actively sought to increase production capacity by working with bus assembly partners in Europe and Asia. With respect to Asia  as we see with the Ebusco 2.2  supply chains have recovered much faster compared to Europe while the assembly partners also have an experienced workforce available. In conjunction with an existing supplier  Ebusco will also increase its casco output. The proprietary parts required for the casco output will be supplied from Deurne and Rouen.The measures outlined above in combination with the financing facility up to €41.5 million enable Ebusco to continue its growth path while working on its operational performance improvement and working capital efficiency at the same time.Peter Bijvelds  CEO and Founder of Ebusco  explains: ""With no doubt we can state that the first half of 2023 was disappointing.Mainly due to the impact of supply chain disruptions and skilled blue-collar shortages  our performance  unfortunately  fell short of expectations. Although we proudly delivered the first Ebusco 3.0 buses from serial production  and strengthened our order book with repeat orders  the landscape in which Ebusco operates remains challenging.We have taken several important steps to mitigate the challenges we faced in the first half of 2023  of which the decision to work with assembly partners for the Ebusco 3.0 is the most relevant. This step will not only improve our delivery reliability and gross margin in the short term  but it also enables us to facilitate further growth of our order book in the long term.I am fully convinced that  by broadening production capacity and adjusting the supply chain  we take the right measures to improve performance in the second half of 2023.""Click here to read the full press release.[1] EBITDA is defined as earnings before net finance expenses  tax  depreciation and amortization. It can be calculated by excluding the depreciation and amortization expenses from the operating result in the interim condensed financial statements.[2] These orders can be divided into three categories: fixed (669)  call off contracts (229)  additional options within won contract (896).[3] Chatrou CME Solutions Alternative Drivelines for City buses Q2-2022 / Q2-2023.",neutral,0.04,0.61,0.35,mixed,0.25,0.21,0.54,True,English,"['Ebusco N', 'H1 2023 results', 'ramp', 'Chatrou CME Solutions Alternative Drivelines', 'existing bank guarantee credit facility', 'French public procurement agency', 'interim condensed financial statements', 'strong operational vehicle performance', 'Strong commercial momentum', 'strong vehicle performance', 'cost base Outlook', 'several important steps', 'two-year financing facility', 'European Electric buses', 'skilled blue-collar shortages', 'net finance expenses', 'full press release', 'supply chain constraints', 'supply chain disruptions', 'First nine buses', 'short-term liquidity requirements', 'late delivery penalties', 'working capital efficiency', 'operational performance improvement', 'new assembly partners', 'bus assembly partners', 'Good order book', 'First Ebusco 3.0 buses', 'existing supplier', 'Operational highlights', 'Financial results', 'fewer buses', 'City buses', 'significant improvement', 'skilled labour', 'supply chains', 'first half', 'full swing', 'Tender activity', 'closing dates', 'second half', '4.7% market share', 'significant increase', 'full year', 'manufacturing strategy', 'experienced workforce', 'casco output', 'proprietary parts', 'same time', 'Peter Bijvelds', 'gross margin', 'short term', 'long term', 'amortization expenses', 'three categories', 'additional options', 'serial production', 'operating result', 'improved result', 'production output', 'production capacity', 'year Trials', 'growth path', 'right measures', 'repeat orders', '320 buses', '677 Ebusco', 'Qbuzz', 'SWEG', 'Keolis', 'others', 'UGAP', 'Revenue', 'EBITDA', 'loss', 'period', 'level', '2Q23', 'funding', 'view', 'acceleration', 'opportunities', 'update', '27th', 'July', 'sales', 'company', 'Deurne', 'August', 'insight', 'figures', 'circumstances', 'delays', 'rework', 'effects', 'provisions', 'profitability', 'challenges', 'Asia', 'respect', 'conjunction', 'Rouen', 'combination', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'doubt', 'impact', 'expectations', 'landscape', 'decision', 'reliability', 'earnings', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'contracts', '2023']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/09/2721303/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 08 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5341 £ 23.5479 Estimated MTD return 0.65 % 0.68 % Estimated YTD return -4.45 % -3.60 % Estimated ITD return 165.34 % 135.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.06 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.94 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.5690 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7644The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Aug', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,globenewswire.com
28911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/09/2721304/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 08 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5341 £ 23.5479 Estimated MTD return 0.65 % 0.68 % Estimated YTD return -4.45 % -3.60 % Estimated ITD return 165.34 % 135.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.06 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.94 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.5690 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7644The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Aug', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,globenewswire.com
28912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q2-2023-301896758.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q2 2023,LONDON  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 31 July 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the second quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 August 2023. The record date is 3 August 202…,LONDON  Aug. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 31 July 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the second quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 August 2023. The record date is 3 August 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 29 August 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 15 August 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 29 August 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 15 August 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 29 August 2023.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $9.87  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 89.73 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume‑weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 2 August to 8 August 2023.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomas[email protected]Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners[email protected]U.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.45,0.53,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q2', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'volume‑weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'investment manager', '89.73 dividend rights', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'second quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'voting shares', 'currency election', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', '31 July', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '2 August', '3 August', 'Payment', 'place', '29 August', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', '15 August', 'Sterling', 'lieu', '8 August', 'brochure', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,prnewswire.com
28913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNOPROBE-S-P-A-133432182/news/Technoprobe-S-p-A-Board-of-Directors-approves-consolidated-results-as-at-June-30-2023-August-9t-44564825/,Technoprobe S p A : Board of Directors approves consolidated results as at June 30  2023 - August 9th 2023,(marketscreener.com) Italy www.technoprobe.com   PRESS RELEASE   Board of Directors approves consolidated results as at June 30  2023    Consolidated Revenues: €196.3 million  down 21.6% compared to the first semester 2022   Consolidated EBITDA: …,"Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com PRESS RELEASE Board of Directors approves consolidated results as at June 30  2023 Consolidated Revenues: €196.3 million  down 21.6% compared to the first semester 2022Consolidated EBITDA: €64.7 million  down 39.4% compared to the same period of 2022  with a margin of 33.0%Net Profit: €31 1 million  down 53.2% compared to the same period of 2022Positive Consolidated Net Financial Position of €360.3 million Cernusco Lombardone (LC)  August 9th  2023 - The Board of Directors of Technoprobe S.p.A.  a leading company in the design and production of probe cards (the ""Company"" or ""Technoprobe"") listed on Euronext Milan  met today to examine and approve the consolidated results as at June 30  2023. Stefano Felici  Group Chief Executive Officer  said: ""We are satisfied with the results achieved in the first six months of 2023 and with the sequential improvement recorded in the second quarter in a market still affected by the persistent weakness of the consumer segment and the high level of inventories"". Key Consolidated Financial results €/mil. H1 2023 H1 2022 Change Revenues 196.3 250.3 -21.6% Gross Profit 101.8 149.1 -31.7% Margin % 51.9% 59.6% Ebitda* 64.7 106.7 -39.3% Margin % 33.0% 42.6% Net Income 31.1 66.6 -53.2% *EBITDA is a non-IFRS alternative performance indicator monitored by management to evaluate underlying business performance. EBITDA used by the Group is defined as net profit adjusted for: (i) income tax expenses  (ii) foreign exchange gains (losses)  (iii) finance income (iv) finance expenses (v) other income (expenses)  net  (vi) net impairment losses/reversals on financial assets and (vii) depreciation  amortization and impairment included in: selling  general and administrative  research and development and cost of revenue 1Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com €/mil. 30.6.2023 31.12.2022 Change Total Shareholders' Equity 765.2 737.0 3.8% Net Financial Position** 360.3 403.4 -10.7% **Net Financial Position determined in accordance with the provisions of CONSOB communication DEM/6064293 of July 28  2006  as subsequently amended and in compliance with the ESMA 32-382-1138 Recommendation of March 4  2021. Revenues as at June 30  2023 were €196.3 million  down 21.6% compared to the same period of 2022  as result of the reference market affected by the shrinkage of consumer demand for devices  such as smartphones and computers. Volumes are further depressed by the high level of device inventories recorded by customers. EBITDA was €64.7 million  down 39.4% compared to the same period of 2022 because of lower volumes  with a margin of 33%. Decrease in profitability compared to the same period of the previous year  is the result of the strategic view of the company to maintain the current production structure and resources employed to guarantee an adequate response to the expected upward of volumes. Net Profit was €31.1 million compared to €66.6 million in the same period of 2022 net of taxes amounted to €14.6 million. As at June 30  2023  the consolidated net financial position was positive for €360.3 million: cash generated from operating activities  amounted to €31.0 million and cash generated from financial activities  amounted to 1.0 million were partially offset by capital expenditure amounted to €32.0 million mainly related the upgrading of production lines and tax payment amounted to €39.0 million. Significant events subsequent to the end of the first six months On August 8th  2023 Technoprobe announced the closing of the acquisition of Harbor Electronics  a company specialized in the production of printed circuit boards for the testing market from the group headed by Shenzhen Fastprint Circuit Tech Co.. Under terms of the agreement  Technoprobe will pay a total amount of USD 50.0 million in cash. Harbor Electronics  a company founded in the '80s in Santa Clara  California  and acquired in 2015 by the group headed by Shenzhen Fastprint Circuit Tech Co.  is a leading manufacturer of advanced printed circuit boards for testing systems for major semiconductor manufacturers. The acquisition will allow Technoprobe to further strength its technological skills in the field of testing  vertically integrating its production process  thanks to the in-house creation of advanced printed circuits for its probe cards and Final Test Boards. Business outlook The current forecasts for the macroeconomic environment  significantly affected by international geopolitical tensions  foster uncertainty. Later in 2023  the geopolitical tensions between the United States and China relating to the trade restrictions on technological exports in Asia represent a further factor of instability in the 2Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com semiconductor sector. In addition to the general contraction in demand for consumers of devices such as smartphones and computers  as well as high inventory levels at major players in the industry continue to hit the reference market. On the other hand  automotive  industrial applications and artificial intelligence segments are expected to grow. The recovery of the entire semiconductor supply chain is expected by the final part of 2023  driven by a general recovery in consumption and by the conclusion of the aforementioned de-stocking processes currently in progress. Guidance Q3 2023 Guidance for the third quarter of 2023 is the following: Consolidated Revenues: €111m(+/-3%) Gross margin: 49% (+/-2%) Ebitda margin: 32%(+/-2%) Mr. Stefano Beretta  the officer in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents of Technoprobe S.p.A. declares that pursuant to paragraph 2  Art. 154 bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance  to the best of his knowledge  the accounting information contained in the Presentation corresponds to the documental results  accounting books and records. *** 1H 2023 results will be presented to the financial community during an audio webcast conference call today at 4:00 P.M. CET. This press release and the presentation will be available on Technoprobe's website https://www.technoprobe.com/it/  in the Investor Relations section and on and on the authorized storage system named eMarket Storage"" (www.emarketstorage.it). *** Technoprobe  following the admission to trading on the Market for derivative financial instruments IDEM of Borsa Italiana and in accordance with Article IA.2.1.3 of the Instructions to the Rules of Borsa Italiana  announces that the month upon which the possible dividend is expected to be paid  relevant to the Fiscal Year 2023  will be May 2024. It is highlighted that this announcement should not be interpreted in any case as a prevision of the existence of the conditions for the distribution of the dividend  nor actual nor future  and that the final decision about the possible dividend distribution shall be taken exclusively by the Shareholders' Meeting of the Company  *** 3Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com The Board of Directors resolves the appointment of the Internal Auditor Technoprobe announces the appointment of Dr. Davide Bernardini as Internal Auditor and Head of the Internal Audit Department  reporting directly to the Board of Directors (through the Control and Risk Committee). The Board of Directors also approved the granting to the Internal Auditor with the Audit Mandate  specifically regulating the mission of the Audit Function;the professional reference framework for the Audit Function;the role and responsibilities of the Audit Function;the authority and independence of the Audit Function;the organisational placement of the Audit Function;the Internal Audit activities and related reporting;the quality assurance and service quality improvement programme developed by the Audit Function. The curriculum vitae of Dr Davide Bernardini has been duly acquired on the Company's record; in particular  Dr Bernardini  during his working career  has always performed functions and audit activities  first as a consultant  as Senior Auditor of PricewaterhouseCoopers  then within major international corporate groups  such as Vodafone Omnitel N.V.  Coeclerici Group and GI Group. As of today  to the best of the Company's knowledge  Davide Bernardini does not hold any ordinary share of the Company. Contact Technoprobe S.p.A. Technoprobe S.p.A. Investor Relator Communication & Marketing Manager Ines Di Terlizzi Paolo Cavallotti Email:ir@technoprobe.com Email:paolo.cavallotti@technoprobe.com Technoprobe Group Technoprobe is a leading company in the field of semiconductors and microelectronics. Established in 1996 by the entrepreneurial spirit of its founder Giuseppe Crippa  Technoprobe specialises in the design and manufacture of Probe Cards  i.e. electro-mechanical interfaces used for the functional testing of chips. Its market segment is the testing of non-memory or SOC (system on chip) semiconductors. The Group is the only Probe Card manufacturer in Italy and a world leader in terms of volume and turnover. It has partnerships and collaborations with some of the world's largest microelectronics  IT and digital companies. Probe cards are hi-tech devices that are custom- made for each chip and allow the function of chips to be tested during the manufacturing process. These technologically-advanced designs and solutions are essential for ensuring the proper functioning and reliability of devices that play a crucial role in industries such as Information Technology  5G  Internet of Things  home automation  automotive  aerospace  etc. As a result  Technoprobe is a critical link in the supply chain for the manufacture of chips  which are at the heart of today's technological world. Technoprobe is a rapidly expanding hub of technological research and innovation with approximately 2700 employees (1700 of them located in Italy)  three research centres and more than 600 certified patents. Technoprobe has 14 locations worldwide. The Group's Italian headquarters are in Cernusco Lombardone (LC)  a municipality on the outskirts of Milan where there is also a production plant that covers an area of about 18 000 sqm. The Group has two additional production plants in Italy: one in Agrate (MB) covering about 3 000 sqm  and one in Osnago (LC) covering about 5 000 sqm. Also in Italy a Design Center was opened in Sicily  in Catania  in 2022. The Group also has 10 other locations spread across Europe (France and Germany)  Asia (Taiwan  South Korea  China  Japan  Philippines and Singapore) and the United States (two locations in California). 4",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.17,0.67,True,English,"['Technoprobe S', 'consolidated results', 'Board', 'Directors', 'June', 'August', 'Shenzhen Fastprint Circuit Tech Co.', 'Positive Consolidated Net Financial Position', 'IFRS alternative performance indicator', 'advanced printed circuit boards', ""Change Total Shareholders' Equity"", 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'Technoprobe S.p.A.', 'Key Consolidated Financial results', 'advanced printed circuits', 'Final Test Boards', 'underlying business performance', 'foreign exchange gains', 'first six months', 'major semiconductor manufacturers', 'PRESS RELEASE Board', 'international geopolitical tensions', 'current production structure', 'income tax expenses', 'net impairment losses', 'financial assets', 'financial activities', 'consolidated results', 'total amount', 'Net Income', 'Change Revenues', 'first semester', 'Net Profit', 'Consolidated Revenues', 'tax payment', 'Business outlook', 'current forecasts', 'semiconductor sector', 'finance income', 'other income', 'Consolidated EBITDA', 'Via Cavalieri', 'Vittorio Veneto', 'Cernusco Lombardone', 'same period', 'Euronext Milan', 'Stefano Felici', 'sequential improvement', 'second quarter', 'persistent weakness', 'consumer segment', 'high level', 'Gross Profit', 'finance expenses', 'vii) depreciation', 'CONSOB communication', 'in profitability', 'previous year', 'strategic view', 'adequate response', 'operating activities', 'capital expenditure', 'Significant events', 'Harbor Electronics', 'Santa Clara', 'leading manufacturer', 'technological skills', 'house creation', 'macroeconomic environment', 'United States', 'trade restrictions', 'technological exports', 'production lines', 'production process', 'reference market', 'testing systems', 'consumer demand', 'device inventories', 'general contraction', 'testing market', 'lower volumes', 'leading company', 'probe cards', 'Italy', 'Directors', 'June', 'margin', 'LC', 'design', 'management', 'reversals', 'amortization', 'selling', 'administrative', 'research', 'development', 'cost', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'July', 'compliance', 'ESMA', 'Recommendation', 'March', 'shrinkage', 'devices', 'smartphones', 'computers', 'customers', 'Decrease', 'resources', 'upward', 'taxes', 'cash', 'upgrading', 'August', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'terms', 'agreement', 'California', 'field', 'uncertainty', 'China', 'Asia', 'factor', 'instability', 'addition', 'consumers', '3.', '2']",2023-08-09,2023-08-10,marketscreener.com
28914,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/genfit-announces-publication-data-clinical-201000377.html,GENFIT Announces the Publication of New Data on the Clinical Performance of NIS2+™ in Older Patients in Hepatology Communications,Zurich (Switzerland); - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced the publication of new data on the clinical performance of NIS2+™ in older patients ,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); August 10  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced the publication of new data on the clinical performance of NIS2+™ in older patients  for the detection of at-risk nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) in Hepatology Communications1.In conjunction with Labcorp  a global leader of innovative and comprehensive laboratory services  data reported in the manuscript is the first to show and compare the clinical performance of NIS4® and its recently developed and improved upgrade NIS2+™ in a population of older adults (≥65 years of age) with well-established biomarker panels: FIB-4  NFS  ELF and ALT.While previously published data showed that NIS2+™ had a high overall clinical performance for the detection of at-risk NASH achieving an AUROC2 of 0.81 in a large study population  the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) in the US requires peer-reviewed  published data showing that tests  that will be used for patient management  have high assay performance in patients who are ≥65 years of age. Results of this study showed the clinical performance of NIS2+™ was superior to other tests for the diagnosis of at-risk NASH in patients ≥65 years of age  greatly assisting with CMS reimbursement efforts. These data support the clinical value of this blood-based test for the diagnosis of at-risk NASH in older adults who would benefit from intensive lifestyle or therapeutic interventions.Arun J Sanyal  MD  FAASLD  commented: “I am delighted to see this work published. At-risk NASH is a serious condition that is commonly present in those 65 years or older and can progress silently to cirrhosis. This study demonstrates that the NIS2+™ test can be used to identify this population  and provides clinicians a tool that can be used in primary care settings to identify patients with this condition  so that they can engage in more aggressive management strategies or triage them for tertiary care. Such simple  yet validated  tools are not widely available  and they represent an important addition to the diagnostic armamentarium for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.”Story continuesABOUT NIS2+™NIS2+™ is a blood-based diagnostic test specifically designed to detect at-risk NASH among patients with metabolic risk factors based on an independent 2-biomarker panel. It was developed and validated by GENFIT as a robust Non-Invasive Test (NIT) across characteristics of interest such as type-2 diabetes  age and sex  allowing large-scale implementation in clinical practice.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts of a successful Phase III trial (ELATIVE®) evaluating elafibranor in Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) and a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions. Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via seven programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorders (UCD)  organic acidemias (OA) and PBC. Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF. GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. For more information  visit www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 in relation to the clinical performance of NIS2+™ in NASH and its reimbursement by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) in the US. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “targeted”  “anticipated”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comGENFIT | Press relationsStephanie Boyer | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 https://www.doi.org/10.1097/HC9.00000000000002232 Area Under the Receiver Operating CharacteristicsAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.27,0.24,True,English,"['New Data', 'Clinical Performance', 'Older Patients', 'Hepatology Communications', 'GENFIT', 'Publication', '+™', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease', 'successful Phase III trial', 'high unmet medical needs', 'robust Non-Invasive Test (NIT', 'high overall clinical performance', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'liver disease research', 'chronic liver failure', 'metabolic risk factors', 'Arun J Sanyal', 'independent 2-biomarker panel', 'strong scientific heritage', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'high assay performance', 'severe liver diseases', 'primary care settings', 'aggressive management strategies', 'comprehensive laboratory services', 'six therapeutic areas', 'risk nonalcoholic steatohepatitis', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'R&D pipeline', 'blood-based diagnostic test', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'CMS reimbursement efforts', 'large study population', 'blood-based test', 'global leader', 'high potential', 'patient management', 'tertiary care', 'Medicaid Services', 'therapeutic interventions', 'forward-looking statements', 'clinical value', 'clinical practice', 'diagnostic armamentarium', 'diagnostic solutions', 'diagnostic franchise', 'United States', 'Hepatology Communications', 'older adults', 'biomarker panels', 'intensive lifestyle', 'Such simple', 'important addition', 'type-2 diabetes', 'large-scale implementation', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'early-stage assets', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'seven programs', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'cycle disorders', 'organic acidemias', 'compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'share capital', 'press release', 'negative forms', 'other variant', '+™ test', 'innovative therapeutic', 'late development', 'development stages', 'risk NASH', 'other tests', 'serious condition', 'other terms', 'new data', 'older patients', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'rare', 'publication', 'detection', 'conjunction', 'Labcorp', 'manuscript', 'upgrade', '≥65 years', 'FIB-4', 'NFS', 'ELF', 'ALT', 'AUROC2', 'Centers', 'Medicare', 'peer', 'reviewed', 'Results', 'diagnosis', 'MD', 'FAASLD', 'work', 'cirrhosis', 'clinicians', 'tool', 'characteristics', 'interest', 'sex', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'ELATIVE®', 'elafibranor', 'PBC', 'growing', 'action', 'variety', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OA', 'therapeutics', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'information', 'respect', 'meaning', 'relation', 'words', 'contemplate', 'understand', 'confidence', 'case']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,finance.yahoo.com
28915,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/businesswire/brigade-m3-european-acquisition-corp-amended-and-restated-memorandum-and-articles-of-association-and-name-change/,Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and Name Change,M3 European Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”)  a special purpose acquisition company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and listed on Euronext Amsterdam ,AMSTERDAM–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”)  a special purpose acquisition company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  announces that  following the redemption of all listed unit shares and ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company (the “Units” and “Ordinary Shares”  respectively) and pursuant to unanimous written resolutions of the shareholders of the Company passed on 9 August 2023  the following changes are effective:the Company’s name has been changed from Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. to BM3EAC Corp.the Company’s memorandum and articles of association (the “Memorandum and Articles of Association”) have been amended and restated in order to facilitate the re-purposing and continuation of the Company;all issued Units have been re-designated as Ordinary Shares; andthe Company’s authorised share capital has been amended from US$53 000 to US$28 000 by the cancellation of the authorised but unissued Units.The amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association have been published on the Company’s website: www.brigadeM3eac.com.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DISCLAIMERThis announcement is not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  and should not be distributed in or sent into  the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan  the Cayman Islands or South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution or release would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures. This announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or offer to the public for securities in any jurisdiction.In the EEA  this announcement is only directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU 2017/1129) as amended. In the United Kingdom  this announcement is directed only at “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.ContactsENQUIRIESBM3EAC Corp.c/o Brigade Capital Management  LP399 Park Avenue  16th FloorNew York  NY 10022Email: BrigadeM3EAC@brigadecapital.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.', 'Name Change', 'Memorandum', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'unanimous written resolutions', 'UK domestic law', 'Brigade Capital Management', 'authorised share capital', 'European Union', 'regulated market', 'BM3EAC Corp.', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Cayman Islands', 'limited liability', 'unit shares', 'ordinary shares', 'following changes', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'other measures', 'United Kingdom', '399 Park Avenue', '16th Floor', 'New York', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'inside information', 'other jurisdiction', 'qualified investors', 'exempted company', 'unissued Units', 'press release', 'laws', 'redemption', 'shareholders', '9 August', 'name', 'memorandum', 'articles', 'association', 'order', 'purposing', 'continuation', 'cancellation', 'website', 'brigadeM3eac', 'meaning', 'DISCLAIMER', 'announcement', 'distribution', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'registration', 'offer', 'securities', 'sale', 'invitation', 'public', 'EEA', 'persons', 'part', 'virtue', 'Contacts', 'ENQUIRIES', 'LP', 'Email', 'brigadecapital']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,dutchnews.nl
28916,EuroNext,Bing API,https://it.tmcnet.com/news/2023/08/10/9862845.htm,Kalray Wins Flash Memory Summit Award for the Second Year in a Row,Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for the high-performance  data-centric computing and storage markets  has been recognized as the leader of the DPU category in the 17th Annual Flash Memory Summit Awards competition.,Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for the high-performance  data-centric computing and storage markets  has been recognized as the leader of the DPU category in the 17th Annual Flash Memory Summit Awards competition.,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,True,English,"['Flash Memory Summit Award', 'Second Year', 'Kalray', 'Row', '17th Annual Flash Memory Summit Awards competition', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'high-performance, data-centric computing', 'leading provider', 'software technologies', 'storage markets', 'DPU category', 'Kalray', 'ALKAL', 'hardware', 'solutions', 'leader']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,it.tmcnet.com
28917,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-announces-plans-conduct-registered-161500440.html,Abivax Announces Plans to Conduct Registered Public Offering in the United States,Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX) today announced that it plans to conduct a registered public offering of its ordinary shares  in the form of American Depositary Shares  in the United States ,PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / August 10  2023 / Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX) today announced that it plans to conduct a registered public offering of its ordinary shares  in the form of American Depositary Shares  in the United States  subject to market and other conditions  and has confidentially submitted a draft registration statement on Form F-1 to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The timing  number of securities to be offered in the proposed offering and their price have not yet been determined.This press release does not  and is not intended to  constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction.*****ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63SOURCE: ABIVAXABIVAX  Thursday  August 10  2023  Press release pictureView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/773639/Abivax-Announces-Plans-to-Conduct-Registered-Public-Offering-in-the-United-States,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['Registered Public Offering', 'United States', 'Abivax', 'Plans', 'American Depositary Shares', 'draft registration statement', 'Press release picture', 'U.S. Securities', 'ordinary shares', 'United States', 'other conditions', 'Exchange Commission', 'securities laws', 'Euronext Paris', 'public offering', 'Form F-1', 'Regina Jehle', 'source version', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax Communications', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'August', 'ABVX', 'market', 'timing', 'number', 'price', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'Contacts', 'Thursday', 'Plans', 'Conduct-Registered-Public-Offering', 'United-States']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,finance.yahoo.com
28918,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230809103086/en/Innate-Pharma-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-Investor-Conference,Innate Pharma to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that members of its senior management team are schedu,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the following upcoming conference:H.C. Wainwright Immune Cell Engager Virtual ConferenceEvent Date: August 17 - virtualAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,negative,0.0,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Innate Pharma', 'H.C. Wainwright Immune Cell Engager Virtual Conference', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'innate immune system', 'U.S. Securities', 'senior management team', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'upcoming conference', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'cancer patients', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Event Date', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'Euronext Paris', 'actual results', 'advanced form', 'US office', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'IPHA', 'members', 'following', 'August', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'expect', 'will', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'December', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,businesswire.com
28919,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1032538929,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 10-Aug-2023 / 07:00 GMT/BST,"10 August 2023Cairn Homes plc (the Company)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 9 August 2023 it purchased a total of 50 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 30 000 20 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.110 £0.958 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.106 £0.952 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) 1.108076 £0.954549The purchases form part of the Companys share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 670 551 856 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. TheCompany holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 2500 1.106 XDUB 13:52:01 00066561691TRLO0 1920 1.106 XDUB 13:52:01 00066561690TRLO0 239 1.106 XDUB 14:12:15 00066562532TRLO0 1868 1.106 XDUB 14:12:15 00066562531TRLO0 937 1.106 XDUB 14:12:15 00066562533TRLO0 2500 1.108 XDUB 14:12:15 00066562534TRLO0 2460 1.106 XDUB 14:13:27 00066562580TRLO0 1131 1.106 XDUB 14:13:27 00066562579TRLO0 1131 1.106 XDUB 14:25:27 00066562989TRLO0 498 1.106 XDUB 14:25:27 00066562988TRLO0 497 1.106 XDUB 14:25:27 00066562987TRLO0 485 1.110 XDUB 15:42:50 00066566581TRLO0 913 1.110 XDUB 15:42:52 00066566594TRLO0 1652 1.110 XDUB 15:45:10 00066566751TRLO0 2586 1.110 XDUB 15:45:11 00066566752TRLO0 240 1.110 XDUB 15:45:11 00066566753TRLO0 3390 1.110 XDUB 15:45:11 00066566754TRLO0 1405 1.110 XDUB 15:45:11 00066566756TRLO0 2500 1.110 XDUB 15:45:11 00066566755TRLO0 1148 1.110 XDUB 15:59:18 00066567487TRLO0London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Timezone GMT Currency EUR', 'Companys share buyback programme', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'Issuer Name', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', '20,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', '670,551,856 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'August', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'No', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'LEI', 'GBP', 'XDUB']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,markets.businessinsider.com
28920,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-08/59813775-biocartis-group-nv-biocartis-partners-with-lilly-to-explore-biomarker-testing-for-nsclc-patients-using-the-idylla-platform-399.htm,Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Partners with Lilly to Explore Biomarker Testing for NSCLC Patients using the Idylla Platform,CEST Biocartis Partners with Lilly to Explore Biomarker Testing for NSCLC Patients using the Idylla PlatformMechelen  Belgium  2023 - Biocartis Group NV (the 'Company',"PRESS RELEASE: 10 August 2023   07:00 CESTBiocartis Partners with Lilly to Explore Biomarker Testing for NSCLC Patients using the Idylla PlatformMechelen  Belgium  2023 - Biocartis Group NV (the 'Company' or 'Biocartis')  a global innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART) today announced that they have entered into a new post-commercial collaboration program with Lilly  a global pharmaceutical company. This program will explore the advantages of adding the Biocartis IdyllaTM Platform to a molecular diagnostics workflow in global clinical labs via a study in hospitals across Spain. The focus will be to understand how the Idylla Platform can contribute to a more expeditious and comprehensive approach to identify targetable alterations when compared to various current clinical workflows for NSCLC patients.Roger Moody  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  commented: ""I am pleased that Lilly shares our commitment to address the need for faster identification of eligible patients for targeted therapy."" He also added: ""Despite guidelines and reimbursement  patients  especially those in community hospital settings  continue to receive treatment based on incomplete or untimely biomarker results. Our collaboration with Lilly supports our ambition to deliver results in time for all patients  including those being treated in community-based centers.""The intention of the Lilly-sponsored study in Spain is that the results will guide and improve US community-based diagnostic workflows by the introduction of the Idylla platform. The outcome data is expected to be presented in the fall of 2024.Anthony Sireci  MD  MSC  Senior Vice President  Clinical Biomarker and Diagnostics  Loxo Oncology at Lilly  added: ""There is a need to improve the rates of molecular profiling of lung cancer patients before first line treatment decisions are made. One of the barriers to this are the long turnaround times associated with send out testing. This study aims to test the hypothesis that an in-house  rapid turnaround time and easy to use assay will deliver actionable results to patients and increase their likelihood of receiving biomarker-informed therapies.""----- END ----More information:Investor Relations Biocartise-mail ir@biocartis.comAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla's continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19 and sepsis. More information: www.biocartis.com. Follow us on Twitter: @Biocartis_.Biocartis and Idylla are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.29,0.6,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Biomarker Testing', 'NSCLC Patients', 'Idylla Platform', 'Lilly', 'global innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'first line treatment decisions', 'US community-based diagnostic workflows', 'various current clinical workflows', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'new post-commercial collaboration program', 'global clinical labs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'community hospital settings', 'Senior Vice President', 'long turnaround times', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'molecular diagnostics workflow', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'global pharmaceutical company', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'rapid turnaround time', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'proprietary Idylla platform', 'Biocartis IdyllaTM Platform', 'individual Biocartis product', 'untimely biomarker results', 'The Idylla platform', 'United States Securities', 'lung cancer patients', 'Clinical Biomarker', 'faster identification', 'community-based centers', 'current expectations', 'molecular profiling', 'molecular testing', 'liver cancer', 'product labeling', 'More information', 'The Biocartis', 'Biomarker Testing', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'comprehensive approach', 'targetable alterations', 'Roger Moody', 'Anthony Sireci', 'biomarker-informed therapies', 'personalized medicine', 'automated sample', 'real-time PCR', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'other countries', 'Idylla trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'Company directors', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Biocartis Partners', 'actionable results', 'actual results', 'NSCLC Patients', 'outcome data', 'Loxo Oncology', 'universal access', 'Lilly-sponsored study', 'future events', 'other factors', '10 August', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'advantages', 'hospitals', 'Spain', 'focus', 'expeditious', 'commitment', 'therapy', 'guidelines', 'reimbursement', 'incomplete', 'ambition', 'intention', 'introduction', 'fall', 'MD', 'MSC', 'rates', 'barriers', 'hypothesis', 'house', 'assay', 'likelihood', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'world', 'system', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'COVID', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'performance', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', '07:00']",2023-08-05,2023-08-10,finanznachrichten.de
28921,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/08/10/flutters-us-success-could-turn-sour-for-dublin-exchange/,Flutter’s US success could turn sour for Dublin exchange,Listed bookmaker’s determination to tap opportunity of US stock market listing could mean it follows CRH in dropping Irish market,Dublin-based gambling group Flutter reached an important milestone in the first half of this year  with its US business moving into the black for the first time reporting a profit in the period of $63 million. With the American market now liberalised for gambling  the opportunity in the US is potentially huge. That was the spur for the company’s decision to pursue a New York stock market listing.Such a move is intended to give Flutter and its US subsidiary  FanDuel  a higher profile and access to deeper capital markets there  promote great liquidity in the shares and give it the potential to pursue a primary US listing and access to indices across the Atlantic.Shareholders have already given the green light for a listing in the US  which the company said would happen either late this year or in the first quarter of 2024. It is then a question of whether this listing becomes its primary one and what Flutter then does with the London and Dublin listings. London is the primary listing and news of Flutter’s likely switch to New York is regarded there as a reputational blow to the FTSE 100.Challenging times ahead for Irish Stock Exchange as big companies look to the US Listen | 43:24It remains to be seen what happens to the Dublin listing. The company made no reference to this in its half-year results and presentations although it has previously flagged its intention to remain headquartered here and be tax domiciled in the State.READ MOREWith CRH having already decided to switch its primary listing to New York and to quit the Dublin market altogether  losing Flutter would be another blow to the Euronext Dublin market  as a report compiled in the Department of Finance for its Minister  Michael McGrath  noted.It’s all far removed from the heyday of Paddy Power  the listed Irish bookmaker and a predecessor of Flutter  which only merited five mentions in the 63-page interim results statement.,neutral,0.25,0.53,0.21,mixed,0.2,0.35,0.45,True,English,"['US success', 'Dublin exchange', 'Flutter', 'New York stock market listing', '63-page interim results statement', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'Dublin-based gambling group', 'deeper capital markets', 'Euronext Dublin market', 'primary US listing', 'American market', 'half-year results', 'primary listing', 'Dublin listing', 'Irish bookmaker', 'primary one', 'important milestone', 'first half', 'first time', 'higher profile', 'great liquidity', 'green light', 'first quarter', 'Challenging times', 'big companies', 'Michael McGrath', 'Paddy Power', 'five mentions', 'US business', 'US subsidiary', 'US Listen', 'reputational blow', 'Flutter', 'black', 'profit', 'period', 'opportunity', 'spur', 'company', 'decision', 'move', 'FanDuel', 'access', 'shares', 'potential', 'indices', 'Atlantic', 'Shareholders', 'question', 'London', 'news', 'FTSE 100', 'reference', 'presentations', 'intention', 'READ', 'CRH', 'report', 'Department', 'Finance', 'Minister', 'heyday', 'predecessor']",2023-08-10,2023-08-10,irishtimes.com
