UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
28003,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/580032-eu-profit-frozen-russian-assets/,EU reveals profit from frozen Russian assets,EU clearing house Euroclear gained nearly $2 billion in interest from frozen Russian assets between January and June this year Read Full Article at RT.com,Nearly $2 billion in interest was generated between January and June  Euroclear has saidMajor EU clearing house  Belgium-based Euroclear  has revealed that it accrued nearly $2 billion in profit from frozen Russian assets in the first half of 2023.In financial results for the first six months of this year  Euroclear reported “a substantial growth in operating income” driven partly by “higher interest earnings  including a material rise linked to the application of international sanctions on Russia.”According to data published by Euroclear on Thursday  Russian assets generated more than €1.7 billion ($1.9 billion) in interest between January and June.It’s estimated that Euroclear is holding €196.6 billion (nearly $220 billion) worth of Russian assets  the vast majority of which is owned by the country’s central bank. In total  the EU has frozen €207 billion (more than $231 billion) of Russian assets and reserves since the beginning of Moscow’s military operation in Ukraine.EU leaders have repeatedly called for the funds to be used ‘to rebuild’ Ukraine  however no decision has been made so far due to the complexity of the issue and concerns that any such move would undermine the euro and lead to a rethink among reserve holders.Moscow has called the Western attempts to transfer the seized assets to Ukraine “barbarism ” and “theft” that violates international law  while the Kremlin has warned that Russia will respond in kind if necessary.For more stories on economy & finance visit RT's business section,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'profit', 'Major EU clearing house', 'first six months', 'higher interest earnings', 'first half', 'EU leaders', 'financial results', 'substantial growth', 'operating income', 'material rise', 'international sanctions', 'vast majority', 'central bank', 'military operation', 'reserve holders', 'Western attempts', 'international law', 'business section', 'Russian assets', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', 'January', 'June', 'profit', 'year', 'application', 'data', 'Thursday', 'country', 'total', 'reserves', 'beginning', 'Moscow', 'Ukraine', 'funds', 'decision', 'complexity', 'issue', 'concerns', 'move', 'rethink', 'Kremlin', 'kind', 'stories', 'economy', 'finance', 'RT']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,rt.com
28004,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.economist.com/europe/2023/07/20/why-the-eu-will-not-seize-russian-state-assets-to-rebuild-ukraine,Why the EU will not seize Russian state assets to rebuild Ukraine,It fears the precedent of undermining state immunity under international law,Read more of our recent coverage of the Ukraine war“B ANK ROBBERS should not expect banks to honour their safe deposit boxes.” So write Larry Summers  formerly America’s Treasury secretary  and his co-authors in a recent article arguing in favour of seizing Russian assets in Western accounts. More than €200bn ($225bn) of Russian central-bank assets are frozen in the EU alone. Politicians in the bloc’s eastern states  not to mention in Ukraine  want them used to pay for the damages caused by Russia’s invasion. The problem is that under international law there is no clear-cut way to seize those assets without a vote in the UN Security Council  a judgment by the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) or a post-war settlement. Each of those would require Russia’s agreement.Listen to this story. Enjoy more audio and podcasts on iOS or Android Your browser does not support the <audio> element.The latest to learn this was none other than Ursula von der Leyen  president of the European Commission. During a speech to the annual Ukraine recovery conference in London on June 21st  she announced that her commission  the bloc’s executive arm  would come up with a proposal before the summer to make use of Russia’s frozen assets. At the same time the ambassadors of the EU ’s 27 member states were chewing over a legal assessment of the issue by the EU ’s rotating chair  Sweden. The verdict of many around the table  according to those present  was that the legal obstacles would be formidable.About a week later  the leaders of the EU ’s countries told the commission to restrict any proposal to what was legally plausible: a windfall tax on the private firms that hold the frozen Russian assets  and thus make profits on them. Even that plan is so controversial among member states that the proposal has been postponed until after the summer  according to press reports. The European Central Bank ( ECB )  too  has major reservations.Legally  experts say  the plan is sound. Euroclear  a private clearing-house and securities depository in Belgium  had to stop all payments to Russia as a result of sanctions. It is now sitting on almost €200bn-worth of assets and cash. Smaller amounts are frozen in the accounts of similar firms elsewhere. These holdings generate gains: in Euroclear’s case  €720m of pre-tax profits in the first quarter of 2023 alone. That profit could be taxed more heavily—at a rate approaching 100%—to generate revenues. The clearing house would keep something to compensate it for the cost of managing the cash (which Euroclear says amounted to €9m in the first three months of 2023) and for any higher capital requirements that regulators prescribe.Yet the ECB and some finance ministers fear for the euro’s reputation. Any move against Russian central-bank assets could undermine the euro and European government bonds as a store of value for other central banks around the world  they say. At the least  the argument goes  Europe should act in tandem with other states in the G7   the club of the world’s richest democracies  to make sure the reputational loss is shared.Critics of the ECB ’s position argue that any reputational damage is already done: the reserves became useless to Russia when they were frozen. The G7 made clear on July 12th that the freeze will remain in place until Russia pays for the damage it has done in Ukraine  providing an incentive for Russia to settle. Using revenues from the assets  it is argued  is a small additional harm. If agreement among the G7 can be found  the commission will probably present a proposal after the summer.Other ideas have been mooted. The EU could try to get better returns on the assets  for example by demanding that the private entities holding the Russian funds put them into higher-yielding investments  and transfer the profits to an EU fund. But that option has been taken off the table: the legal risks are higher  since the EU would take a more active role in managing Russia’s assets. If losses occurred on the investments  European taxpayers could  awkwardly  be liable for making whole the Russian central bank.The eu dismissed more drastic proposals out of hand. It would be a clear breach of international law to seize Russian assets unilaterally. States are immune from other countries’ legal jurisdiction and from having their property expropriated to settle debts. Under international law  sanctions on Russia are permissible only as a means to induce it to act differently. Simply confiscating assets would go beyond what global rules allow. “The rules on countermeasures contain a fine balance between what states need to be allowed to do to protect themselves and their rights  and the risk of abuse  especially by powerful states ” says Federica Paddeu of Cambridge University. Such measures must be temporary  as far as possible reversible and intended as a means to change behaviour  she adds  not as punishment.,neutral,0.01,0.75,0.24,mixed,0.04,0.07,0.89,True,English,"['Russian state assets', 'EU', 'Ukraine', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'annual Ukraine recovery conference', 'The European Central Bank', 'other countries’ legal jurisdiction', 'Russian central bank', 'B ANK ROBBERS', 'safe deposit boxes', 'UN Security Council', 'higher capital requirements', 'small additional harm', 'European government bonds', 'first three months', 'other central banks', 'Russian central-bank assets', 'Other ideas', 'European taxpayers', 'legal assessment', 'legal obstacles', 'first quarter', 'legal risks', 'other states', 'Russian funds', 'The G7', 'Russian assets', 'recent coverage', 'Ukraine war', 'Larry Summers', 'Treasury secretary', 'recent article', 'international law', 'clear-cut way', 'International Court', 'post-war settlement', 'European Commission', 'executive arm', 'same time', 'rotating chair', 'windfall tax', 'private firms', 'press reports', 'major reservations', 'private clearing-house', 'securities depository', 'Smaller amounts', 'similar firms', 'clearing house', 'finance ministers', 'richest democracies', 'reputational loss', 'private entities', 'active role', 'drastic proposals', 'clear breach', 'fine balance', 'Federica Paddeu', 'Cambridge University', 'Such measures', 'eastern states', '27 member states', 'powerful states', 'Western accounts', 'audio> element', 'reputational damage', 'higher-yielding investments', 'global rules', 'pre-tax profits', 'frozen assets', 'EU fund', 'America', 'authors', 'favour', 'Politicians', 'bloc', 'damages', 'invasion', 'problem', 'vote', 'judgment', 'Justice', 'ICJ', 'agreement', 'story', 'podcasts', 'iOS', 'browser', 'none', 'president', 'speech', 'London', 'June', 'ambassadors', 'issue', 'Sweden', 'verdict', 'table', 'leaders', 'plan', 'ECB', 'experts', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'payments', 'result', 'sanctions', 'cash', 'holdings', 'gains', 'case', 'rate', 'revenues', 'something', 'cost', 'regulators', 'move', 'store', 'value', 'world', 'argument', 'tandem', 'club', 'Critics', 'position', 'reserves', 'July', 'freeze', 'place', 'incentive', 'returns', 'example', 'option', 'losses', 'hand', 'property', 'debts', 'means', 'countermeasures', 'rights', 'abuse', 'behaviour', 'punishment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,economist.com
28005,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.economist.com/leaders/2023/07/20/should-ukraine-get-russias-frozen-reserves,Should Ukraine get Russia’s frozen reserves?,How to make Russia pay for the war while upholding international law,E ver since the attack on Ukraine in February 2022 Western governments have made a show of clamping down on private Russian assets held abroad  from seizing oligarchs’ yachts to forcing the sale of Russian-owned football clubs. But there remains a huge question mark over the really big money. Some $300bn of Russian central-bank assets are frozen in Western accounts as a result of sanctions. Given the horrors that Russia has inflicted on its neighbour  the idea of tapping this pot to help compensate and rebuild Ukraine has naturally arisen.Listen to this story. Enjoy more audio and podcasts on iOS or Android Your browser does not support the <audio> element.The moral case to make Russia pay is obvious. It has waged war without provocation  without regard to civilian lives and in frequent violation of international law. The damage to Ukraine has been vast: the cost of reconstruction has hit $411bn  according to the latest estimates from the World Bank  which were compiled before the destruction of the Kakhovka dam. These sums are far beyond the capacity of Ukraine  which now has a gdp of about $150bn. Western taxpayers should not have to foot all the bill.Yet it is vital that any measures the West takes comply with international law. For Ukrainians and their backers  the war is not just about defending one country against an aggressor but also about upholding the post-1945 global order  which underpins the world’s economy and security. Whatever the West does with Russia’s frozen assets will set a precedent that will shape global behaviour for decades to come.State assets are protected from seizure under international law  and typically under domestic law  too . There are exceptions to this doctrine of sovereign immunity  but lawyers have advised America and the European Union that they may not apply in Russia’s case. A vote in the un Security Council could provide a clear legal basis for seizing the assets  but Russia has a veto there. Reparations can be part of a peace deal  but that requires the agreement of both sides.What to do? The best approach involves three steps. The first is to seize the income that the Russian assets generate and hand it over to Ukraine. Euroclear  a Belgian clearing house and depository that holds almost $225bn of frozen Russian assets  makes profits from investing them. Taxing those at a 100% rate could generate over $3bn per year  and is legal. At a minimum Ukraine could be assured of a recurring stream of income worth 2% of its present gdp . As a one-off this is peanuts; received each year in perpetuity it is well worth having.The second step is to make the payment of reparations by Russia a condition of any eventual release of its reserves (or easing of sanctions). The two must go in lockstep. Estimates of Russia’s capacity to pay should take account of its frozen reserves: think of them as a bit like collateral being held against a future claim. The g7   a group of rich countries  has recently adopted this position. The more countries that do so  the better.Finally  patient  relentless work is needed to expand the legal case against Russia. It is still possible that a watertight case for immediate seizure can be built. Further votes at the un General Assembly in favour of this would help: although the assembly can only make recommendations  this can sometimes be deemed a stand-in for the Security Council if the latter fails to exercise its primary responsibility to maintain international peace and security.At the same time  laying the groundwork for a future reparations process is vital. The arbiter of Ukraine’s claims could be the International Court of Justice ( icj ) or a un compensation commission like the one set up by the Security Council after Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait in 1990. To try to justify its invasion  Russia has claimed that Ukraine was committing genocide against Russian-speakers in the east of the country. Ukraine wisely asked the icj to rule on this  and the verdict was clear: there was no such genocide  so Russia’s pretext is bunk. The West should continue to support the meticulous recording of war crimes and damage to ensure this evidence is available for any eventual financial showdown.It would  of course  be simpler just to grab all Russia’s frozen assets; but that is what dictatorships do. Far better to take the legal path  which guarantees Ukraine a stream of income  secures priority for its claim on Russia’s reserves and enhances its already strong case for reparations. It is possible to help Ukraine  make Russia pay—and uphold international law. ■,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.26,0.05,0.68,True,English,"['frozen reserves', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'Russian-owned football clubs', 'huge question mark', 'Belgian clearing house', 'patient, relentless work', 'un compensation commission', 'post-1945 global order', 'eventual financial showdown', 'clear legal basis', 'un General Assembly', 'private Russian assets', 'Russian central-bank assets', 'un Security Council', 'future reparations process', 'global behaviour', 'eventual release', 'legal path', 'legal case', 'frozen assets', 'State assets', 'Western governments', 'oligarchs’ yachts', 'big money', 'Western accounts', 'civilian lives', 'frequent violation', 'international law', 'Kakhovka dam', 'Western taxpayers', 'domestic law', 'sovereign immunity', 'European Union', 'peace deal', 'best approach', 'three steps', 'second step', 'future claim', 'Further votes', 'primary responsibility', 'international peace', 'same time', 'International Court', 'meticulous recording', 'moral case', 'watertight case', 'strong case', 'audio> element', 'latest estimates', 'World Bank', 'recurring stream', 'present gdp', 'rich countries', 'immediate seizure', 'frozen reserves', 'war crimes', 'minimum Ukraine', 'one country', 'The West', 'attack', 'February', 'sale', 'result', 'sanctions', 'horrors', 'neighbour', 'idea', 'pot', 'story', 'podcasts', 'iOS', 'browser', 'provocation', 'regard', 'damage', 'cost', 'reconstruction', 'destruction', 'sums', 'capacity', 'bill', 'measures', 'Ukrainians', 'backers', 'aggressor', 'economy', 'precedent', 'decades', 'exceptions', 'doctrine', 'lawyers', 'America', 'veto', 'part', 'agreement', 'sides', 'income', 'Euroclear', 'depository', 'profits', '100% rate', 'year', 'peanuts', 'perpetuity', 'payment', 'condition', 'lockstep', 'collateral', 'g7', 'group', 'position', 'favour', 'recommendations', 'latter', 'groundwork', 'arbiter', 'claims', 'Justice', 'icj', 'Iraq', 'invasion', 'Kuwait', 'genocide', 'Russian-speakers', 'east', 'verdict', 'pretext', 'evidence', 'course', 'dictatorships', 'priority']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,economist.com
28006,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.economist.com/leaders/2023/07/20/should-ukraine-get-russias-300bn-of-frozen-reserves,Should Ukraine get Russia’s $300bn of frozen reserves?,How to make Russia pay for the war while upholding international law,E ver since the attack on Ukraine in February 2022 Western governments have made a show of clamping down on private Russian assets held abroad  from seizing oligarchs’ yachts to forcing the sale of Russian-owned football clubs. But there remains a huge question mark over the really big money. Some $300bn of Russian central-bank assets are frozen in Western accounts as a result of sanctions. Given the horrors that Russia has inflicted on its neighbour  the idea of tapping this pot to help compensate and rebuild Ukraine has naturally arisen.Listen to this story. Enjoy more audio and podcasts on iOS or Android Your browser does not support the <audio> element.The moral case to make Russia pay is obvious. It has waged war without provocation  without regard to civilian lives and in frequent violation of international law. The damage to Ukraine has been vast: the cost of reconstruction has hit $411bn  according to the latest estimates from the World Bank  which were compiled before the destruction of the Kakhovka dam. These sums are far beyond the capacity of Ukraine  which now has a gdp of about $150bn. Western taxpayers should not have to foot all the bill.Yet it is vital that any measures the West takes comply with international law. For Ukrainians and their backers  the war is not just about defending one country against an aggressor but also about upholding the post-1945 global order  which underpins the world’s economy and security. Whatever the West does with Russia’s frozen assets will set a precedent that will shape global behaviour for decades to come.State assets are protected from seizure under international law  and typically under domestic law  too . There are exceptions to this doctrine of sovereign immunity  but lawyers have advised America and the European Union that they may not apply in Russia’s case. A vote in the un Security Council could provide a clear legal basis for seizing the assets  but Russia has a veto there. Reparations can be part of a peace deal  but that requires the agreement of both sides.What to do? The best approach involves three steps. The first is to seize the income that the Russian assets generate and hand it over to Ukraine. Euroclear  a Belgian clearing house and depository that holds almost $225bn of frozen Russian assets  makes profits from investing them. Taxing those at a 100% rate could generate over $3bn per year  and is legal. At a minimum Ukraine could be assured of a recurring stream of income worth 2% of its present gdp . As a one-off this is peanuts; received each year in perpetuity it is well worth having.The second step is to make the payment of reparations by Russia a condition of any eventual release of its reserves (or easing of sanctions). The two must go in lockstep. Estimates of Russia’s capacity to pay should take account of its frozen reserves: think of them as a bit like collateral being held against a future claim. The g7   a group of rich countries  has recently adopted this position. The more countries that do so  the better.Finally  patient  relentless work is needed to expand the legal case against Russia. It is still possible that a watertight case for immediate seizure can be built. Further votes at the un General Assembly in favour of this would help: although the assembly can only make recommendations  this can sometimes be deemed a stand-in for the Security Council if the latter fails to exercise its primary responsibility to maintain international peace and security.At the same time  laying the groundwork for a future reparations process is vital. The arbiter of Ukraine’s claims could be the International Court of Justice ( icj ) or a un compensation commission like the one set up by the Security Council after Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait in 1990. To try to justify its invasion  Russia has claimed that Ukraine was committing genocide against Russian-speakers in the east of the country. Ukraine wisely asked the icj to rule on this  and the verdict was clear: there was no such genocide  so Russia’s pretext is bunk. The West should continue to support the meticulous recording of war crimes and damage to ensure this evidence is available for any eventual financial showdown.It would  of course  be simpler just to grab all Russia’s frozen assets; but that is what dictatorships do. Far better to take the legal path  which guarantees Ukraine a stream of income  secures priority for its claim on Russia’s reserves and enhances its already strong case for reparations. It is possible to help Ukraine  make Russia pay—and uphold international law. ■,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.26,0.05,0.68,True,English,"['frozen reserves', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'Russian-owned football clubs', 'huge question mark', 'Belgian clearing house', 'patient, relentless work', 'un compensation commission', 'post-1945 global order', 'eventual financial showdown', 'clear legal basis', 'un General Assembly', 'private Russian assets', 'Russian central-bank assets', 'un Security Council', 'future reparations process', 'global behaviour', 'eventual release', 'legal path', 'legal case', 'frozen assets', 'State assets', 'Western governments', 'oligarchs’ yachts', 'big money', 'Western accounts', 'civilian lives', 'frequent violation', 'international law', 'Kakhovka dam', 'Western taxpayers', 'domestic law', 'sovereign immunity', 'European Union', 'peace deal', 'best approach', 'three steps', 'second step', 'future claim', 'Further votes', 'primary responsibility', 'international peace', 'same time', 'International Court', 'meticulous recording', 'moral case', 'watertight case', 'strong case', 'audio> element', 'latest estimates', 'World Bank', 'recurring stream', 'present gdp', 'rich countries', 'immediate seizure', 'frozen reserves', 'war crimes', 'minimum Ukraine', 'one country', 'The West', 'attack', 'February', 'sale', 'result', 'sanctions', 'horrors', 'neighbour', 'idea', 'pot', 'story', 'podcasts', 'iOS', 'browser', 'provocation', 'regard', 'damage', 'cost', 'reconstruction', 'destruction', 'sums', 'capacity', 'bill', 'measures', 'Ukrainians', 'backers', 'aggressor', 'economy', 'precedent', 'decades', 'exceptions', 'doctrine', 'lawyers', 'America', 'veto', 'part', 'agreement', 'sides', 'income', 'Euroclear', 'depository', 'profits', '100% rate', 'year', 'peanuts', 'perpetuity', 'payment', 'condition', 'lockstep', 'collateral', 'g7', 'group', 'position', 'favour', 'recommendations', 'latter', 'groundwork', 'arbiter', 'claims', 'Justice', 'icj', 'Iraq', 'invasion', 'Kuwait', 'genocide', 'Russian-speakers', 'east', 'verdict', 'pretext', 'evidence', 'course', 'dictatorships', 'priority']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,economist.com
28007,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/currency/US-DOLLAR-RUSSIAN-ROUBL-2370597/news/EU-proposal-on-using-frozen-Russian-funds-delayed-to-September-44381336/,EU proposal on using frozen Russian funds delayed to September,(marketscreener.com) A European Commission proposal to use frozen public Russian assets to help finance Ukraine will not be published until September  a spokesman said on Thursday. https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/currency/US-DOLLAR-RUSSIAN-ROUBL-2370597/…,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A European Commission proposal to use frozen public Russian assets to help finance Ukraine will not be published until September  a spokesman said on Thursday.A proposal was initially expected before August.The European Union  which first floated this idea in November  is focused on finding a legal way to use the tax on the interest made by these assets for Ukraine. The EU is being careful to make sure the method holds up in court in the event of any lawsuits.The EU has frozen over 200 billion euros ($223.70 billion) of Russian central bank assets since Russia's invasion of Ukraine  with the bulk held in Belgium. The EU has also frozen privately held funds and legal pushback has already started.Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich  who was placed on the EU sanctions list  has mounted a legal challenge along with one of Russia's oldest asset managers  First AM  which is claiming $2 billion on behalf of its clients from Belgium's clearing house Euroclear and which also holds much of Russia's public frozen money.The spokesman added that the EU was working on an agreement with the Group of Seven (G7) countries on how to move forward and a statement was expected this month. G7 countries and the EU have frozen over 300 billion euros ($335.55 billion) combined.""Discussions between member states have been going well. The last meeting of the council working party on this matter was on July 12 and the next one will take place in September "" the spokesman told reporters.""Intensive work is taking place in the G7 context and we aim to have a G7 statement before the summer break. A legal proposal we aim to have after the summer break.""($1 = 0.8941 euros)(Reporting by Julia Payne; Editing by Sharon Singleton)",neutral,0.0,0.69,0.31,mixed,0.43,0.27,0.3,True,English,"['frozen Russian funds', 'EU proposal', 'September', 'Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich', 'Russian central bank assets', 'frozen public Russian assets', 'oldest asset managers', 'council working party', 'The European Union', 'European Commission proposal', 'Seven (G7) countries', 'EU sanctions list', 'G7 countries', 'G7 context', 'legal way', 'legal pushback', 'legal challenge', 'First AM', 'clearing house', 'member states', 'last meeting', 'Intensive work', 'summer break', 'legal proposal', 'Julia Payne', 'Sharon Singleton', 'G7 statement', '200 billion euros', '300 billion euros', '0.8941 euros', 'BRUSSELS', 'Reuters', 'Ukraine', 'September', 'spokesman', 'Thursday', 'August', 'idea', 'November', 'tax', 'interest', 'method', 'court', 'event', 'lawsuits', 'invasion', 'bulk', 'Belgium', 'funds', 'behalf', 'clients', 'Euroclear', 'money', 'agreement', 'Group', 'Discussions', 'matter', 'July', 'next', 'place', 'reporters', 'Editing']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28008,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/euroclear-continues-to-deliver-profitable-growth-and-invest-in-its-long-term-strategy-301881263.html,Euroclear continues to deliver profitable growth and invest in its long-term strategy,BRUSSELS  July 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Financial results for the six months ended 30 June 2023 Highlights Overall financial performance rose sharply in the first half of 2023 Strong financial performance  with the underlying business performing well and bene…,"BRUSSELS  July 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Financial results for the six months ended 30 June 2023HighlightsCash balances related to Sanctions on Russia ""Business as usual"" Cash balancesOverall financial performance rose sharply in the first half of 2023Strong financial performance  with the underlying business performing well and benefitting from its diversified and resilient business model.Substantial growth in operating income to reach EUR 3 107 million (vs EUR 998m in H1 2022)  driven by continued business income growth and higher interest earnings  including a material rise linked to the application of international sanctions on Russia .Euroclear more than doubles underlying net profit (excluding impact of Russian sanctions)Underlying net profit more than doubled to reach EUR 561 million   reflecting a strong business performance and continued growth of Euroclear's core business.  reflecting a strong business performance and continued growth of Euroclear's core business. Euroclear achieved an underlying EBITDA margin of 58.3%  an increase of 11.3 percentage points compared to the 47.0% reported in the first half of 2022. The underlying operating margin was 25.1% reflecting investment and inflationary pressures on expenses.Euroclear continues to invest in its strategy  its people and technology as demonstrated by the opening of a new Tech Hub in Krakow. The Tech Hub will create 400 new jobs across critical capabilities such as data  digitalisation and cyber  while also reinforcing other key functions.Planned investments  alongside the impact of inflation  led to an increase of 19% in underlying operating expenses  totalling EUR 628 million in H1 2023.On an underlying basis  earnings per share rose by 102.6% to EUR 178.3 per share  reflecting the increase in net profit.Lieve Mostrey  Chief Executive Officer of Euroclear Group  commented:""Euroclear's underlying performance through the first half of 2023 continues to demonstrate the robustness of its strong and diversified business model.We remained focused on the execution of our strategy and service to our customers. We continue to invest to support our growth over the long term and despite general inflationary pressures  yet again  we generated a strong underlying performance  which further builds on the progress made over the past years.The recent opening of our new Tech Hub in Krakow and the expansion of our service capabilities and teams groupwide further accelerates delivery of our purpose to innovate to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth.""Financial performance reaches record levelsEuroclear Holding(€ m)H1 2022Estimated RussiansanctionsimpactsH1 2022UnderlyingH1 2023Estimated RussiansanctionsimpactsH1 2023UnderlyingUnderlyingvs 2022Operating income9981078913 1071 7311 376484 54 % Business income807-4811827-1183827 3 % Interest  banking & other income191111802 2801 743538457 571 %Operating expenses-534-7-527-649-21-628-101 -19 %Operating profit before Impairment4641003642 4581 711748383 105 %Impairment-1-100000Pre-tax profit463993652 4581 711748383 105 % Tax-112-25-87-614-428-187-99 -114 % Net profit351742771 8441 283561284 103 %EPS111.788.0585.9178.3Business income operating margin33.8 %35.0 %21.5 %25.1 %EBITDA margin (EBITDA/oper.income)52.0 %47.0 %80.9 %58.3 %Euroclear's underlying business income improved in H1 2023 to reach a record EUR 838 million  an increase of 3% year-on-year.The major policy rates continue to increase which has led to a large increase in interest earnings. On an underlying basis  H1 2023 interest  banking and other income progressed by 571% to EUR 538 million.Euroclear continues to expect operating expenses to remain above its 'through-the-cycle' target of 4-6% p.a. throughout 2023  due to accelerating investment in both its strategy and the resilience of the business  coupled with one-off investments and continued high inflation impact on the cost base.Once again  Euroclear's business model has proven itself to be a hedge against market volatility. When equity markets are lower  the impact is mitigated by the group's diversified and subscription-like business model  and benefits in a similar vein when bond markets are weaker  as approximately three quarters of the group's business income is decoupled from financial market valuations. The operating entities which have a greater relative weighting to the bond markets  and saw business income grow  help mitigate any potential impact of lower equity valuations and transaction volumes.Business performance remains robustThe key operating metrics demonstrate a strong business performance during the period. Following last year's record levels in transaction volumes driven by highly volatile markets  the number of transactions in H1 2023 is 2.2% lower. With little change in equity market valuations  assets under custody and fund assets under custody have slightly increased.H1 2023 YoY evolution 3-year CAGR Assets under custody €36.8 trillion +3.8 % +5.8 % Number of transactions 152 million -2.2 % +2.5 % Turnover €546 trillion +4.4 % +5.8 % Fund assets under custody €3 trillion +4.8 % +9.4 % Collateral highway €1.68 trillion -12.7 % +4.2 %To further help investors make better informed decisions and manage their portfolios  Euroclear announced a partnership with BondCliQ Inc  a credit market focused Data as a Service (DaaS) company. Through this partnership  Euroclear will launch a new European fixed income settlement data solution  allowing market participants to gain valuable insights and intelligence  including unparalleled levels of access to refined fixed income settlement data through customised dashboards.Consistent with its strategy centred on people and technology  Euroclear continues to grow its Krakow facility with the creation of a new Tech Hub and the addition of 400 new jobs in Poland. During Euroclear's 10 years in Krakow  it has seen its office grow to approximately 800 staff who primarily work in operations  support  and control functions.As MFEXbyEuroclear is entering the next phase of integration  Euroclear continues to enhance its proposition for funds services. This includes services in private markets assets  where Euroclear has recently announced the completion of the acquisition of Goji  a UK-based FinTech providing digital access and technology-enabled solutions to private markets.Euroclear further improved its funds data services offering with the first release of a new funds market intelligence product. This cloud-based data analytics platform  designed to help Funds Management Companies improve their distribution strategy  has successfully onboarded its first pilot users.Aligned to the group's strategy of embracing innovation to the benefit of capital markets  Euroclear recently joined existing strategic international investors in the third fund of Illuminate Financial. Illuminate Financial  a financial services-focused venture firm  has closed this $235 million new fund to invest in early-stage businesses solving problems for financial institutions.On 3 July 2023  LCH SA merged its core RepoClear Euro debt service with €GCPlus to provide alternative channels to access general collateral (GC) liquidity. €GCPlus  a general collateral tri-party basket repo clearing service  was initially launched in 2014 by LCH SA in collaboration with Euroclear and Banque de France. The new combined service aims to enable a unique point of access to the world's largest Euro cleared liquidity pool with clearing members benefitting from a single membership  default fund and set of margins  and further netting opportunities.ESG is key to Euroclear's business strategy. Euroclear's ESG mission is to support and enable a sustainable financial marketplace  while limiting our impact on the environment  providing an equitable and inclusive workplace  and conducting business in an ethical and responsible way.Euroclear continues to mature its approach to sustainability  notably with the publication of an expanded Annual Sustainability Report in May 2023 reporting  for the first time  according to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The Annual Sustainability Report can be found here: https://www.euroclear.com/newsandinsights/en/Format/Whitepapers-Reports/sustainability-report.htmlIn addition  Euroclear published a comprehensive transversal ESG Policy setting out the minimum requirements for the Group in the areas of Environment  Social and Governance. This policy can be found here: https://www.euroclear.com/ourresponsibility/en/esg-policy.htmlImplications of Russian sanctionsRussia's invasion of Ukraine resulted in market-wide application of international sanctions  which have had a material impact on Euroclear. Since considerable uncertainties persist  the Board considers it necessary to separate the estimated sanction-related earnings from the underlying financial results when assessing the company's performance and resources.Well-established processes are in place which allow the group to implement the sanctions  while maintaining the normal course of business. However  one consequence of the sanctions is that blocked coupon payments and redemptions owed to sanctioned entities results in an accumulation of cash on Euroclear Bank's balance sheet. At the end of June 2023  Euroclear Bank's balance sheet had increased by EUR 47 billion year-on-year to a total of EUR 150 billion.As per Euroclear's standard process  which is the same for any client's long cash balances  the cash balances arising from the sanctions are invested to minimise credit risk. Managing such credit risk is a requirement under Capital Requirements Regulation. The interest paid on reinvestment of cash balances is net interest income earned by Euroclear. Over H1 2023  interest arising on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets was EUR 1 743 million.Such interest earnings are driven by two factors: (i) the prevailing interest rates and (ii) the amount of cash balances that Euroclear is required to invest. As such  future earnings will be influenced by the evolving interest rate environment and the size of cash balances as the sanctions evolve.At present  the Board expects the growth rate of interest income to slow in the second half of 2023 as blocked payments and redemptions accumulate less rapidly and as economists' consensus forecasts anticipate a more stable interest rate environment.In parallel  the European Commission is contemplating various options to use the profits generated by sanctioned amounts held by financial institutions  including Euroclear  for the financing of Ukraine's reconstruction.Euroclear is focused on minimising potential legal  technical  and operational risks that may arise for itself and its clients from the implementation of any proposals from the European Commission. The company continues to act in a transparent manner with all authorities involved. The Board will continue to act cautiously  retaining profits related to the Russian sanctions until the situation becomes clearer.Currently  Euroclear is faced with a high level of complexity in managing both the wide-ranging package of sanctions and a set of complex economic countermeasures  which Russia has implemented since it does not recognise the international sanctions. Euroclear allocates considerable time and resources to manage the market issues and implications of these countermeasures while maintaining regular dialogue with clients and other stakeholders.Various parties contest the consequences of the application of sanctions and countermeasures  with legal proceedings ongoing in both the European Union and Russia. While recognising the scale of the sanctions and the speed of implementation  Euroclear's assessment is these legal proceedings are not considered a material risk at present and  so far  they have not incurred any material financial impact.Overall  Euroclear incurred additional direct costs from the management of Russian sanctions of €21 million in the first half of 2023  with considerable senior management and Board focus on the topic. Additionally  the international sanctions and Russian countermeasures have resulted in a loss of activities from sanctioned clients and Russian securities  which negatively impacted business income by €11 million.Rating agencies reconfirm Euroclear group's strong capital positionEuroclear maintains a strong capital position and a low-risk profile  which allows the group to finance further growth plans. Both S&P and Fitch Ratings reconfirmed the AA rating of Euroclear Bank in June 2023. Fitch also assigned the issuing entity of the group  Euroclear Investments SA (EINV)  a Viability Rating at 'aa-'.The group capital ratios remain solid  despite the sizable increase of its balance sheet due to the Russian sanctions. Fitch notes that ""Euroclear's investment guidelines for the bank's portfolio are particularly conservative  limiting holdings to highly liquid securities with strong ratings. Euroclear Bank applies a similarly low-risk policy when re-investing cash proceedings from frozen Russian assets.""DividendsOn 20 July 2023  Euroclear will pay its previously announced dividend relating to the 2022 underlying business results of EUR 115.5 per share (for a total of EUR 363.5 million)  representing a 31% increase compared to the dividend on 2021 results.AnnexesPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2157613/Euroclear1.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2157614/Euroclear2.jpgEuroclear Bank and Euroclear Investments are the two group issuing entities. The summary income statements and financial positions at Q2 2023 for both entities are shown below.Euroclear Bank Income Statement (BE GAAP)Figures in Million of EURQ2 2023Q2 2022VarianceNet interest income2 261.5203.82 057.6Net fee and commission income550.0511.139.0Other income17.0-4.821.8Total operating income2 828.5710.12 118.3Administrative expenses-404.7-314.3-90.4Operating profit before impairment and taxation2 423.8395.82 028.0Result for the period1 814.1301.81 512.3Euroclear Bank Statement of Financial PositionShareholders' equity4 416.22 306.62 109.6Debt securities issued and funds borrowed (incl. subordinated debt) 5 822.75 029.8792.9Total assets150 376.0103 634.346 741.7Euroclear Investments Income Statement (BE GAAP)Dividend395.50.0395.5Net gains/(losses) on financial assets & liabilities5.5-4.810.3Other income-0.2-0.1-0.2Total operating income400.7-4.9405.6Administrative expenses-0.5-2.62.1Operating profit before impairment and taxation400.2-7.5407.7Result for the period399.0-7.4406.4Euroclear Investments Statement of Financial PositionShareholders' equity693.4636.357.1Debt securities issued and funds borrowed1 651.71 647.74.0Total assets2 345.72 284.461.3Euroclear Investments has been relocated from Luxembourg to Belgium on 31 December 2022 at midnight. The financial statements are now prepared under Belgian GAAP  and the 2022 have been restated accordingly.Note to editorsEuroclear group is the financial industry's trusted provider of post trade services. Guided by its purpose  Euroclear innovates to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth. Euroclear provides settlement and custody of domestic and cross-border securities for bonds  equities and derivatives  and investment funds. As a proven  resilient capital market infrastructure  Euroclear is committed to delivering risk-mitigation  automation  and efficiency at scale for its global client franchise. The Euroclear group comprises Euroclear Bank  the International CSD  as well as Euroclear Belgium  Euroclear Finland  Euroclear France  Euroclear Nederland  Euroclear Sweden  Euroclear UK & International and MFEXbyEuroclear.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/832898/Euroclear_Logo.jpgSOURCE Euroclear",neutral,0.44,0.56,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.19,0.47,True,English,"['profitable growth', 'long-term strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Business income operating margin', 'The Tech Hub', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major policy rates', 'greater relative weighting', 'new Tech Hub', 'lower equity valuations', 'other key functions', 'resilient business model', 'subscription-like business model', 'Overall financial performance', 'sustainable economic growth', 'underlying EBITDA margin', 'underlying operating margin', 'general inflationary pressures', 'financial market valuations', 'strong underlying performance', 'Strong financial performance', 'strong business performance', 'underlying business income', 'underlying operating expenses', 'underlying net profit', 'higher interest earnings', 'business income growth', 'diversified business model', 'high inflation impact', 'operating income', '400 new jobs', 'Operating profit', 'other income', 'underlying basis', 'Financial results', 'core business', 'financial markets', 'market volatility', 'equity markets', 'operating entities', 'Substantial growth', 'continued growth', 'Pre-tax profit', 'six months', 'Cash balances', 'first half', 'material rise', '11.3 percentage points', 'critical capabilities', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'long term', 'past years', 'cost base', 'similar vein', 'bond markets', 'three quarters', 'international sanctions', 'Russian sanctions', 'potential impact', 'recent opening', 'service capabilities', 'record levels', 'one-off investments', 'H1 2023 interest', 'large increase', 'Euroclear Holding', 'Euroclear Group', '27 3 % Interest', 'BRUSSELS', 'PRNewswire', 'Highlights', 'application', 'strategy', 'people', 'technology', 'Krakow', 'data', 'digitalisation', 'cyber', 'share', 'robustness', 'execution', 'customers', 'progress', 'expansion', 'teams', 'delivery', 'purpose', 'safety', 'efficiency', 'connections', 'impacts', 'banking', 'Impairment', '383 105 % Tax', 'EPS', 'cycle', 'target', 'resilience', 'hedge', 'benefits', '30', '19', '571', '44']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,prnewswire.com
28009,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXFORD-INSTRUMENTS-PLC-4000738/news/Oxford-Instruments-Notice-of-AGM-2023-44376710/,Oxford Instruments : Notice of AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Oxford Instruments plc   Notice of Meeting 2023   ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   of   OXFORD INSTRUMENTS PLC   to be held at the offices of Oxford Instruments plc Tubney Woods  Abingdon  Oxfordshire OX13 5QX on Tuesday 19 Sep…,"Oxford Instruments plc Notice of Meeting 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of OXFORD INSTRUMENTS PLC to be held at the offices of Oxford Instruments plc Tubney Woods  Abingdon  Oxfordshire OX13 5QX on Tuesday 19 September 2023 at 11am THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should consult your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriate independent professional adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in Oxford Instruments plc  please forward this document and the accompanying documents to the person through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. We have not provided a hard copy form of proxy for the 2023 Annual General Meeting with this document. You are encouraged to vote online at www.signalshares.com. To register you will need your Investor Code  which can be found on your share certificate or dividend documents. If you are a CREST member  you can register your proxy vote by using the service provided by Euroclear UK & International Limited. To be valid  your proxy vote must be received by no later than 11am on 15 September 2023. Further details are given in the notes to this document on pages 16 to 18. Alternatively  you may request a hard copy proxy form directly from our Registrar (note 5 on page 16 of this document gives details of how to do this)  complete the form of proxy and return it in accordance with the instructions printed on it so as to reach the Registrar  Link Group  PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL by no later than 11am on 15 September 2023.02 Oxford Instruments plc Notice of Meeting 2023 SHAREHOLDER LETTER Oxford Instruments plc Tubney Woods  Abingdon  Oxfordshire OX13 5QX  UK Tel: +44 (0)1865 393200 Fax: +44 (0)1865 393333 Email: info.oiplc-web@oxinst.com www.oxinst.com Registered in England Company number 775598 20 July 2023 Dear Shareholder  2023 Annual General Meeting The Notice of Meeting on pages 04 to 06 sets out the business to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Oxford Instruments plc (the ""Company"")  which is to be held on Tuesday 19 September 2023 at 11am at our offices at Tubney Woods  Abingdon  Oxfordshire OX13 5QX. The Board On 1 September 2022  Reshma Ramachandran was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director. Reshma will stand for election for the first time at the AGM. On 13 April 2023  the Company announced the forthcoming retirement  with the agreement of the Board  of Chief Executive Ian Barkshire  who will leave after seven years as Chief Executive and more than 25 years with the Company. Richard Tyson  currently Chief Executive Officer at global electronics company TT Electronics plc  has been appointed as Ian's successor. The Company is working with Richard and TT Electronics to agree the date he will commence in the role  and will make a further announcement in due course. It is intended that Ian will continue as Chief Executive until Richard joins  and will then ensure a smooth transition of leadership. As such  Ian will be standing for re-election by shareholders at this year's AGM. It is anticipated that Richard will stand for election by shareholders at the Company's 2024 AGM. After having served on the Board for almost 9 years  Professor Sir Richard Friend will not be standing for re-election and will step down as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of this year's AGM. The Board sincerely thanks Richard for the significant contribution he has made during his time as a Director. In line with best practice  each of the other Directors will retire from office at the AGM and each have agreed to submit himself or herself for re-election by shareholders. Biographical details of each of the Directors (as at the date of the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2023 (the ""Report and Financial Statements 2023"")) are given on pages 108 to 110 of the Report and Financial Statements 2023 and a summary of their biographical information together with the reasons for their respective election or re-election  are set out in the explanatory notes to the proposed resolutions set out on pages 07 to 12 of this document. Having considered the performance of and contribution made by each of the Directors at the relevant time  I remain satisfied that the performance of each Director continues to be effective and that each Director demonstrates commitment to the role and as such the Board recommends the election or re-election of each Director accordingly. More information on the Board and the Director evaluation process is given on page 125 of the Report and Financial Statements 2023. The Report and Financial Statements 2023 is available on our website at www.oxinst.com/investors. If you have elected to receive a copy of this report by post  it is also enclosed. Shareholder engagement The AGM gives the Board the opportunity to present the Company's performance and strategy to shareholders and to listen and respond to your questions. Your participation is important to us. If you would like to ask the Board a question about the business of the meeting in advance  please send it to the Company Secretary at AGM@oxinst.com. Key themes arising from the pre-registered questions will be answered by the Board and published on our website prior to or as soon as practicable after the AGM and kept on our website for a period of 30 days. Shareholders attending the AGM may ask questions at the AGM whether or not those questions have been submitted in advance.www.oxinst.com 03 Voting In line with our sustainability agenda  personalised proxy forms and attendance cards are not being sent by post to shareholders. As in previous years  you can submit your proxy votes electronically. You will find instructions regarding voting electronically and how to register to do so in note 5 on page 16 of this letter. You may alternatively request a hard copy proxy form directly from our Registrar  Link. Details of how to do this can also be found in note 5 on page 16 of this letter. If you are a CREST member  you can register your proxy vote by using the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. To be valid  your proxy vote must be received by no later than 11am on 15 September 2023. AGM arrangements We are pleased to invite you to attend the AGM in person this year. Whether or not you intend to attend in person  it is recommended that you submit your proxy voting instructions in advance of the AGM  appointing the chair of the AGM as your proxy  to ensure your vote is counted. Explanatory notes Explanatory notes on the proposed resolutions to be considered at the AGM are set out on pages 07 to 12 of this document. Directors' Recommendation Your Directors believe that all the proposed resolutions are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. Accordingly  your Directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of them as they intend to do in respect of their own shareholdings (save in respect of those resolutions in which they are personally interested). The results of the voting will be posted on the Company's website after the AGM and notified to the London Stock Exchange as required. Yours faithfully Neil Carson Chair04 Oxford Instruments plc Notice of Meeting 2023 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 Notice is hereby given that the fifty-ninth Annual General Meeting of Oxford Instruments plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the offices of the Company at Tubney Woods  Abingdon  Oxfordshire OX13 5QX on 19 September 2023 at 11am to consider and  if thought fit  to pass the following resolutions (the ""Resolutions""). It is intended to propose Resolutions 16 to 18 (inclusive) and Resolution 20 as special resolutions. All other Resolutions will be proposed as ordinary resolutions. To receive and adopt the annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 March 2023  together with the reports of the Directors and auditor thereon. To approve the Annual Statement by the Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Annual Report on Remuneration for the year ended 31 March 2023 (other than the part containing the Directors' Remuneration Policy)  as set out on pages 144 to 149 and 160 to 173 respectively of the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2023. To approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy set out on pages 150 to 159 of the Report and Financial Statements 2023. To declare a final dividend of 14.9 pence per share in respect of the year ended 31 March 2023. To re-elect Neil Carson as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Ian Barkshire as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Gavin Hill as a Director of the Company. To elect Reshma Ramachandran as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Nigel Sheinwald as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Mary Waldner as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Alison Wood as a Director of the Company. To re-appoint BDO LLP as auditor of the Company. To authorise the Audit and Risk Committee to set the remuneration of the auditor. That  in accordance with sections 366 and 367 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  the Company and all companies that are its subsidiaries at any time during the period for which this Resolution is effective are authorised to: make political donations to political parties or to independent election candidates not exceeding £50 000 in total; make political donations to political organisations (other than political parties) not exceeding £50 000 in total; and incur any political expenditure not exceeding £50 000 in total  during the period beginning with the date of the passing of this Resolution and ending at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company (or  if earlier  on 30 September 2024)  provided that the aggregate amount of any such donations and expenditure shall not exceed £50 000. For the purpose of this Resolution ""political donation""  ""political party""  ""political organisation"" ""independent election candidate"" and ""political expenditure"" are to be construed in accordance with sections 363  364 and 365 of the Act. That the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of Section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  shares: up to an aggregate nominal amount (within the meaning of Section 551(3) and (6) of the Act) of £962 004 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted under (b) below in excess of such sum); and comprising equity securities (as defined in Section 560 of the Act) up to an aggregate nominal amount (within the meaning of Section 551(3) and (6) of the Act) of £1 924 008 (such amount to be reduced by any allotments or grants made under (a) above) in connection with or pursuant to an offer by way of a rights issue in favour of holders of ordinary shares in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares held by them on the record date for such allotment (and holders of any other class of equity securities entitled to participate therein or if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities)  but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may consider necessary or appropriate to deal with fractional entitlements  treasury shares  record dates or legal  regulatory or practical difficulties which may arise under the laws of  or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory or any other matter whatsoever ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.08,0.42,True,English,"['Oxford Instruments', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'other appropriate independent professional adviser', 'Professor Sir Richard Friend', 'SHAREHOLDER LETTER Oxford Instruments', 'Oxford Instruments plc Notice', 'Chief Executive Ian Barkshire', 'hard copy proxy form', 'hard copy form', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Oxfordshire OX13 5QX', 'Director evaluation process', 'global electronics company', 'Electronics plc', 'other Directors', 'Dear Shareholder', 'Shareholder engagement', 'Annual Report', 'Tubney Woods', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'Investor Code', 'share certificate', 'CREST member', 'proxy vote', 'International Limited', 'Link Group', 'Central Square', '29 Wellington Street', 'forthcoming retirement', 'due course', 'smooth transition', 'best practice', 'Financial Statements', 'biographical information', 'More information', 'Further details', 'first time', 'Richard Tyson', 'Biographical details', 'relevant time', 'Non-Executive Director', 'accompanying documents', 'Euroclear UK', 'Reshma Ramachandran', 'significant contribution', 'explanatory notes', 'Tuesday 19 September', 'England Company', 'seven years', 'The Company', 'The Report', 'respective election', 'The Board', '15 September', '1 September', '25 years', '9 years', 'offices', 'Abingdon', '11am', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'shares', 'person', 'sale', 'transfer', 'transmission', 'purchaser', 'pages', 'Registrar', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'PXS', 'Leeds', 'LS1', 'Email', 'business', 'AGM', '13 April', 'agreement', 'successor', 'date', 'role', 'announcement', 'leadership', 'shareholders', 'effect', 'conclusion', 'line', 'Accounts', 'summary', 'reasons', 'resolutions', 'performance', 'commitment', 'website', 'oxinst', 'investors', 'post', 'opportunity', '2023']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28010,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPOCOMP-GROUP-OYJ-1412421/news/Aspocomp-s-Half-Year-Report-2023-Net-sales-at-the-level-of-the-comparison-period-the-order-book-de-44374356/,Aspocomp's Half-Year Report 2023: Net sales at the level of the comparison period  the order book decreased  the product mix weakened the operating result,(marketscreener.com) Aspocomp Group Plc  Half-Year Report  July 20  2023  at 9:00 a.m. EEST SECOND QUARTER 2023 HIGHLIGHTS Net sales EUR 9.5 million  decrease of 1%Operating result EUR 0.4 million  4.2% of net salesEarnings per share EUR 0.05 Operative cash f…,Aspocomp Group Plc  Half-Year Report  July 20  2023  at 9:00 a.m. EESTSECOND QUARTER 2023 HIGHLIGHTSNet sales EUR 9.5 (9.6) million  decrease of 1%Operating result EUR 0.4 (1.6) million  4.2% (16.6%) of net salesEarnings per share EUR 0.05 (0.23)Operative cash flow EUR -0.6 (0.9) millionOrders received EUR 5.4 (9.6) million  decrease of 43%Equity ratio 67.9% (67.1%)JANUARY-JUNE 2023 HIGHLIGHTSNet sales EUR 18.4 (18.6) million  decrease of 1%Operating result EUR 0.7 (2.4) million  4.0% (12.9%) of net salesEarnings per share EUR 0.09 (0.35)Operative cash flow EUR 0.9 (1.6) millionOrders received EUR 19.1 (22.6) million  decrease of 15%Order book at the end of the review period EUR 15.0 (20.5) million  decrease of 27%Equity ratio 67.9% (67.1%)OUTLOOK FOR 2023Inflation and interest rates  the risk of recession and the uncertainties posed by Russia’s war of aggression will affect the operating environment of the company and its customers in the financial year 2023. The cycle of the Semiconductor Industry segment is expected to return to growth at the end of the year or the beginning of 2024.Aspocomp reiterates the guidance that was published on July 17  2023. Aspocomp estimates that its net sales for 2023 will be below the 2022 level and its operating result for 2023 will be clearly below the 2022 level. In 2022  net sales amounted to EUR 39.1 million and the operating result to EUR 4.5 million.CEO’S REVIEW“Aspocomp’s net sales for the second quarter of 2023 amounted to EUR 9.5 million  remaining at the same level as in the comparison period. The slowdown of the semiconductor cycle and high inventory levels in various parts of our value chain slowed down net sales. In addition  all our customer segments were burdened with uncertainties arising from the operating environment. Order intake was below the level of the comparison period and amounted to EUR 5.4 million. The order book decreased to EUR 15.0 million as customers  particularly in the Semiconductor Industry  liquidated their stocks.A temporary slowdown in the semiconductor cycle is a typical phenomenon in the industry. It is expected to turn to growth again in late 2023 or early 2024  that is  a quarter or two later than we previously estimated. However  the industry's long-term growth prospects are still strong. The continuous development of technology - a current example of which is the proliferation of artificial intelligence applications - directly supports the company's core business.The segment-specific variation in the company’s operating environment continued in the second quarter as well. Measured by net sales  our largest customer segment  the Semiconductor Industry  suffered from the slowness of the cycle and high inventory levels. The net sales of the Telecommunications customer segment also decreased. On the other hand  the net sales of our Automotive Industry customer segment clearly increased. In the Security  Defense and Aerospace customer segment  in which order cycles are long  our proactive sales efforts generated higher net sales in the second quarter. The segment's outlook is positive  and the number of requests for offers and new customers received by the company has developed favorably.Aspocomp’s operating result for April-June decreased significantly from the exceptionally good level of the comparison period and amounted to EUR 0.4 million. The operating result was burdened by the temporary emphasis of net sales on lower-margin customer segments and the low share of profitable quick-turn deliveries. In addition  the lower-than-normal utilization rate of our factory increased the relative unit and personnel costs.Inflation and interest rates  the risk of recession and the uncertainties posed by the Russian war of aggression affect the operating environment of the company and its customers in the financial year 2023. The cycle of the Semiconductor Industry segment is expected to return to growth at the end of the year or the beginning of 2024. We reiterate the guidance that was published on July 17  2023  and estimate that Aspocomp’s net sales for 2023 will be below the 2022 level and its operating result for 2023 will be clearly below the 2022 level. In 2022  net sales amounted to EUR 39.1 million and the operating result to EUR 4.5 million.”NET SALES AND EARNINGSApril-June 2023Second-quarter net sales amounted to EUR 9.5 (9.6) million. Net sales decreased by 1% compared to the previous year due to the slowdown of the semiconductor cycle  increased inventory levels in the value chain  and uncertainties arising from the operating environment that burden all customer segments.The Semiconductor Industry customer segment’s second-quarter net sales decreased year-on-year by 16% to EUR 3.6 (4.2) million. The customer segment suffered from a slowdown in the semiconductor cycle and high inventory levels in the value chain.The Industrial Electronics customer segment’s second-quarter net sales remained at the level of the comparison period and amounted to EUR 1.1 (1.1) million. Inflation and the threat of recession are slowing down customers’ investments.The Security  Defense and Aerospace customer segment’s second-quarter net sales increased by 14% to EUR 1.7 (1.5) million.The Automotive customer segment’s second-quarter net sales grew to EUR 1.9 (1.2) million  up 61% year-on-year thanks to the increase in deliveries of volume products.The Telecommunication customer segment’s second-quarter net sales decreased by 25% to EUR 1.1 (1.5) million. The decrease in the customer segment’s net sales was due to the timing of the customers’ product development projects.The five largest customers accounted for 64% (56%) of net sales. In geographical terms  84% (92%) of net sales were generated in Europe and 16% (8%) on other continents.The operating result for the second quarter amounted to EUR 0.4 (1.6) million. The operating result decreased from the comparison period because net sales were focused on lower-margin customer segments. The share accounted for by profitable quick-turn deliveries was lower than usual  and on the other hand  the result of the comparison period was higher than usual. Preparing for growth increases personnel costs  and the utilization rate of the Oulu factory was at a lower-than-normal level  which increased unit costs.Second-quarter operating result was 4.2% (16.6%) of net sales.Net financial expenses amounted to EUR 0.1 (0.0) million. Earnings per share were EUR 0.05 (0.23).January - June 2023First-half net sales amounted to EUR 18.4 (18.6) million  a year-on-year decrease of 1 percent.The Semiconductor Industry customer segment’s net sales grew by 3% to EUR 7.3 (7.1) million.The slowdown of the semiconductor cycle and high inventory levels in the value chain slowed down growth.The Industrial Electronics customer segment’s net sales decreased by 32% to EUR 1.9 (2.8) million.Inflation and the threat of recession slowed down customers’ investments.The Security  Defense and Aerospace customer segment’s net sales increased by 3% to EUR 3.1 (3.0) million. The number of customer contacts in the customer segment increased  but the order cycles are long  and the results are visible with a delay.The Automotive customer segment’s net sales increased by 36% to EUR 3.9 (2.9) million. Sales of the Automotive customer segment turned to growth as the component shortage eased.The Telecommunication customer segment’s net sales amounted to EUR 2.2 (2.7) million  a year-on-year decrease of 23%. The decrease in net sales was due to the timing of the customers' product development projects.The five largest customers accounted for 60 (60) percent of net sales. In geographical terms  85 (91) percent of net sales were generated in Europe and 15 (9) percent on other continents.The first-half operating result amounted to EUR 0.7 (2.4) million. The operating result decreased from the comparison period  because net sales were focused on customer segments with a lower margin  the share of profitable quick-turn deliveries was lower than usual  and preparation for growth increases personnel costs.First-half operating result was 4.0 (12.9) percent of net sales.Net financial expenses amounted to EUR 0.1 (0.0) million. Earnings per share were EUR 0.09 (0.35).The order book at the end of the review period was EUR 15.0 (20.5) million. The order book decreased due to lower order intake. Of the order book  EUR 12.9 million has been scheduled for delivery this year and the remaining EUR 2.1 million next year.THE GROUP'S KEY FIGURES 4-6/23 4-6/22 Change 1-6/23 1-6/22 Change Net sales  M€ 9.5 9.6 -1 % 18.4 18.6 -1 % EBITDA  M€ 0.9 2.1 -57 % 1.7 3.3 -48 % Operating result  M€ 0.4 1.6 -75 % 0.7 2.4 -69 % % of net sales 4% 17% -12 ppts 4% 13% -9 ppts Pre-tax profit/loss  M€ 0.3 1.6 -79 % 0.6 2.4 -73 % % of net sales 4% 17% -13 ppts 3% 13% -9 ppts Profit/loss for the period  M€ 0.3 1.6 -79 % 0.6 2.4 -73 % % of net sales 4% 17% -13 ppts 3% 13% -9 ppts Earnings per share  € 0.05 0.23 -78 % 0.09 0.35 -74 % Received orders 5.4 9.6 -43 % 19.1 22.6 -15 % Order book at the end of period 15.0 20.5 -27 % 15.0 20.5 -27 % Investments  M€ 0.8 0.3 118 % 1.1 1.2 -8 % % of net sales 8% 4% 4 ppts 6% 7% 0 ppts Cash  end of the period 1.2 1.5 -31 % 1.2 1.5 -31 % Equity / share  € 3.08 3.00 8 % 3.08 3.00 8 % Equity ratio  % 68% 67% 1 ppts 68% 67% 1 ppts Gearing  % 15% 11% 4 ppts 15% 11% 4 ppts Personnel  end of the period 167 148 19 persons 167 148 19 persons * The total may deviate from the sum totals due to rounding up and down.INVESTMENTSInvestments during the review period amounted to EUR 1.1 (1.2) million. The company has continued its investments to increase capacity in line with its strategy  but the installation of equipment has been slowed down in part due to delays in material and component deliveries. The investments were focused on upgrading the capacity of the Oulu plant  improving automation  and increasing production efficiency.In 2017  Aspocomp launched an investment program amounting to a total of EUR 10 million to further strengthen its position as a strategic partner to leading companies in the semiconductor  automotive  defense and aerospace  and telecommunications (5G) industries. The second phase of investments was launched in the spring of 2020  when the company was granted a total of EUR 1.35 million in development support by the ELY Center  corresponding to about 25 percent of its total cost. The ongoing second phase of the investment program aims in particular to increase the capacity of the Oulu plant  improve automation and increase production efficiency. In this current program  which will run until the end of the third quarter of 2023  all of the new equipment will be installed in the existing Oulu plant building and no additional plant space will be built.CASH FLOW AND FINANCINGJanuary-June 2023 cash flow from operations amounted to EUR 0.9 (1.6) million. Cash flow weakened mainly due to the lower operating result.Cash assets amounted to EUR 1.2 (1.5) million at the end of the period. Interest-bearing liabilities amounted to EUR 4.4 (3.8) million. Gearing was 15% (11%). Non-interest-bearing liabilities amounted to EUR 5.5 (6.3) million.At the end of the period  the Group’s equity ratio amounted to 67.9% (67.1%).The company has a EUR 4.0 (2.0) million credit facility  of which EUR 1.9 million was in use at the end of the review period. In addition  the company has a recourse factoring agreement  of which EUR 0.0 (0.0) million was in use.PERSONNELDuring the review period  the company had an average of 161 (144) employees. The personnel count on June 30  2023  was 167 (148). Of them  111 (93) were blue-collar and 56 (55) white-collar employees.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND AUTHORIZATIONS GIVEN TO THE BOARDThe Annual General Meeting of Aspocomp Group Plc held on April 20  2023  adopted the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts as well as granted the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO discharge from liability regarding the financial period 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies 2022.The Annual General Meeting decided to pay a dividend of EUR 0.21 per share  as proposed by the Board of Directors. It was decided that the dividend would be paid to shareholders registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend distribution  April 24  2023. In accordance with the decision of the Annual General Meeting  the dividend was paid on May 2  2023.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the number of Board members at four and re-elected the current members of the Board Ms. Päivi Marttila  Ms. Kaarina Muurinen  Mr. Jukka Huuskonen and Mr. Anssi Korhonen for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. The Annual General Meeting re-elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants  as the company's auditor for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that Mr. Tuukka Kiuru  Authorized Public Accountant  serves as its principal auditor.The Annual General Meeting decided that the chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 30 000  the vice chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 20 000 and the other members be paid EUR 15 000 each in remuneration for their term of office. The Annual General Meeting further decided that EUR 1 000 will be paid as remuneration per meeting to the chairman and that the other members be paid EUR 500 per meeting of the Board and its committees. The members of the Board of Directors will further be reimbursed for reasonable travel costs. The auditor’s fees will be paid according to the auditor’s invoice.The Annual General Meeting decided to authorize the Board of Directors  in one or more installments  to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 684 144 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as any own shares held by the company. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorization cancels the authorization given by the General Meeting on April 26  2022  to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.The Annual General Meeting decided to amend the company’s Articles of Association to enable convening a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a customary general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in customary in-person General Meetings. Article 9 of the company’s Articles of Association reads as follows:“9 § The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki or Espoo. The Board may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).In order to exercise his right to speak and vote at the General Meeting  a shareholder must register in the manner specified in the invitation to the meeting. The closing date for registration shall be no sooner than ten days before the meeting.”The minutes of the Annual General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/agm.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETING AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEEAt its organization meeting held after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Aspocomp Group Plc re-elected Ms. Päivi Marttila as the Chairman of the Board. Ms. Kaarina Muurinen was re-elected as the Vice Chairman.The Board of Directors did not establish an Audit Committee; the Board itself performs the duties of the Audit Committee.The Board of Directors has at its meeting evaluated the independence of the Board members in compliance with the recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. It is the view of the Board of Directors that all Board members are independent of the company's major shareholders. The Board of Directors has also assessed that all the Board members are independent of the company.SHARESThe total number of Aspocomp’s shares at June 30  2023 was 6 841 440 and the share capital stood at EUR 1 000 000. The company did not hold any treasury shares. Each share is of the same share series and entitles its holder to one vote at a General Meeting and to have an identical dividend right.A total of 495 829 Aspocomp Group Plc. shares were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki during the period from January 1 to June 30  2023. The aggregate value of the shares exchanged was EUR 3 455 155. The shares traded at a low of EUR 5.44 and a high of EUR 8.30. The average share price was EUR 6.97. The closing price at June 30  2023 was EUR 5.58  which translates into market capitalization of EUR 38.2 million.The company had 4 278 shareholders at the end of the review period. Nominee-registered shares accounted for 1.4% of the total shares.SHARE-BASED LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEMEThe Board of Directors of Aspocomp Group Plc decided on the establishment of a share-based long-term incentive scheme for the company’s top management and selected key employees on July 20  2022. The objectives of the Performance Share Plan are to align the interests of Aspocomp’s management with those of the company’s shareholders and thereby promote shareholder value creation in the long term as well as to commit the management to achieving Aspocomp’s strategic targets.The Performance Share Plan consists of annually commencing individual performance share plans. The commencement of each new plan is subject to a separate decision of Aspocomp’s Board of Directors. Each plan comprises a performance period followed by the payment of the potential share rewards in listed shares of Aspocomp. The payment of the rewards is conditional on the achievement of the performance targets set by the Board of Directors for the respective plan.The performance period of the first plan  PSP 2022-2024  covers the period from the beginning of July 2022 until the end of the year 2024. Eligible for participation in PSP 2022-2024 are approximately 20 individuals  including the members of Aspocomp’s Management Team.The share rewards potentially payable thereunder will be paid during the first half of the year 2025. The performance measures based on which the potential share rewards under PSP 2022-2024 will be paid are cumulative EBIT and the total shareholder return of Aspocomp’s share (absolute TSR).If all the performance targets set for the first plan  PSP 2022–2024  are fully achieved  the aggregate maximum number of shares to be paid as a reward based on this plan is approximately 92 000 shares (referring to gross earnings before the withholding of the applicable payroll tax).On February 15  2023  Aspocomp Group Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the commencement of a new performance period in the share-based long-term Performance Share Plan (PSP) for the company’s senior management and selected key employees. Aspocomp originally announced the launch of the long-term incentive plan in a stock exchange release on July 20  2022.The next plan within the PSP structure  PSP 2023-2025  commenced as of the beginning of 2023 and the share rewards potentially earned thereunder will be paid during H1 2026. The payment of the rewards is conditional on the achievement of the performance targets set by the Board of Directors for the plan. The performance measures based on which the potential share rewards under PSP 2023-2025 will be paid are cumulative EBIT and the total shareholder return of Aspocomp’s share (absolute TSR). Eligible for participation in PSP 2023-2025 are approximately 20 individuals  including the members of Aspocomp’s Management Team.If all the performance targets set for PSP 2023–2025 are fully achieved  the aggregate maximum number of shares payable as a reward based on this plan is approximately 91 000 shares (referring to gross earnings before the withholding of the applicable payroll tax). The maximum value of the rewards payable to the participants based on PSP 2023-2025 is limited by a cap which is linked to Aspocomp’s share price development.ASSESSMENT OF SHORT-TERM BUSINESS RISKSIn accordance with its goal  the company has systematically expanded its services to cover the PCB needs of its customers over the entire life cycle and thereby has successfully balanced out variations in demand and the order book. A major share of Aspocomp’s net sales is still generated by quick-turn deliveries and R&D series  and thus the company’s order book can vary significantly.Risks affecting the operating environmentRussia’s war against Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia in response are not expected to have a significant direct impact on the company. Aspocomp has no business operations and no direct customers or suppliers in Russia  Belarus or Ukraine. However  the changed operating environment may affect our sourcing and logistics chains.The geopolitical situation and the COVID-19 pandemic have increased the risks related to customers’ global supply chains. Weak economic development  inflation and rising interest rates cause uncertainty in the operating environment and may affect customer demand. Cyber risks and disruptions in information systems can affect production. Disturbances in the labor market can also affect production and delivery capacity.Dependence on key customersAspocomp’s customer base is concentrated; approximately half of sales are generated by five key customers. This exposes the company to significant fluctuations in demand.Market trendsAlthough Aspocomp is a marginal player in the global electronics market  changes in global PCB demand also have an impact on the company’s business. Competition for quick-turn deliveries and short production series will accelerate as the market for PCBs weakens and continues to have a negative impact on both total demand and market prices.Aspocomp’s main market area comprises Northern and Central Europe. In case Aspocomp’s clients would transfer their R&D and manufacturing out of Europe  demand for Aspocomp’s offerings might weaken significantly.PUBLICATION OF FINANCIAL RELEASES FOR 2023Aspocomp Group Plc's financial information publication schedule for 2023 is:Interim report January-September 2023: Thursday  November 9  2023 at around 9:00 a.m. (Finnish time)Aspocomp's silent period commences 30 days prior to the publication of its financial information.Espoo  July 20  2023ASPOCOMP GROUP PLCBoard of DirectorsSome statements in this stock exchange release are forecasts and actual results may differ materially from those stated. Statements in this stock exchange release relating to matters that are not historical facts are forecasts. All forecasts involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause the actual results  performances or achievements of the Aspocomp Group to be materially different from any future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forecasts. Such factors include general economic and business conditions  fluctuations in currency exchange rates  increases and changes in PCB industry capacity and competition  and the ability of the company to implement its investment program.ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICESThe reported operations include the Group’s parent company  Aspocomp Group Plc. All figures presented for the review period are unaudited. This interim report has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 (Interim Financial Reporting)  following the same accounting principles as in the annual financial statements for 2022; however  the company complies with the standards and amendments that came into effect as from January 1  2023.R&DR&D costs comprise general production development costs. These costs do not fulfill the IAS 38 definition of either development or research and are therefore booked into plant overheads.PROFIT & LOSS STATEMENT April-June 2023 1 000 € 4-6/2023 4-6/2022 Change Net sales 9 452 100% 9 556 100% -1% Other operating income 11 0% 1 0% 1 730% Materials and services -4 391 -46% -3 802 -40% 15% Personnel expenses -2 769 -29% -2 576 -27% 7% Other operating costs -1 413 -15% -1 120 -12% 26% Depreciation and amortization -490 -5% -469 -5% 5% Operating result 401 4% 1 590 17% -75% Financial income and expenses -66 -1% 11 0% Profit/loss before tax 335 4% 1 601 17% -79% Income taxes -3 0% -5 0% Profit/loss for the period 332 4% 1 596 17% -79% Other comprehensive income Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Income tax relating to these items Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Currency translation differences -13 0% 1 0% Total other comprehensive income -13 0% 1 0% Total comprehensive income 318 3% 1 597 17% -80% Earnings per share (EPS) Basic EPS 0.05 € 0.23 € -78% Diluted EPS 0.05 € 0.23 € -78%PROFIT & LOSS STATEMENT January-June 2023 1 000 € 1-6/2023 1-6/2022 Change 1-12/2022 Net sales 18 392 100% 18 585 100% -1% 39 114 100% Other operating income 54 0% 2 0% 2 163% 5 0% Materials and services -8 570 -47% -8 148 -44% 5% -17 849 -46% Personnel expenses -5 202 -28% -4 866 -26% 7% -9 641 -25% Other operating costs -2 959 -16% -2 261 -12% 31% -5 223 -13% Depreciation and amortization -975 -5% -918 -5% 6% -1 903 -5% Operating result 740 4% 2 393 13% -69% 4 502 12% Financial income and expenses -99 -1% -25 0% 299% -98 0% Profit/loss before tax 641 3% 2 368 13% -73% 4 404 11% Change in deferred tax assets* -839 Income taxes -5 0% -5 0% -20 0% Profit/loss for the period 636 3% 2 363 13% -73% 3 545 9% Other comprehensive income Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans 0 0 0% 118 0% Income tax relating to these items 0 0 0% -20 0% Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Currency translation differences -17 0% 5 0% - -6 0% Total other comprehensive income -17 0% 5 0% - 92 0% Total comprehensive income 620 3% 2 368 13% -74% 3 637 9% Earnings per share (EPS) Basic EPS 0.09 € 0.35 € 74% 0.52 € Diluted EPS 0.09 € 0.35 € 74% 0.52 € *The change in deferred tax assets is mainly due to the use of losses confirmed in taxation.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 1 000 € 6/2023 6/2022 Change 12/2022 Assets Non-current assets Intangible assets 3 386 3 290 3% 3 309 Tangible assets 6 479 5 688 14% 5 967 Right-of-use assets 585 740 -21% 642 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 95 95 0% 95 Deferred income tax assets 4 152 4 972 -16% 4 152 Total non-current assets 14 697 14 785 -1% 14 164 Current assets Inventories 5 583 5 721 -2% 6 136 Short-term receivables 9 548 8 576 11% 9 723 Cash and bank deposits 1 176 1 482 -21% 1 410 Total current assets 16 307 15 779 3% 17 269 Total assets 31 003 30 564 1% 31 433 Equity and liabilities Share capital 1 000 1 000 0% 1 000 Reserve for invested non-restricted equity 4 845 4 743 2% 4 774 Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans -49 -148 -67% -49 Retained earnings 15 262 14 908 2% 16 078 Total equity 21 058 20 503 3% 21 803 Long-term financing loans 1 360 2 399 -43% 1 839 Other non-current liabilities 358 467 -23% 358 Deferred income tax liabilities 57 38 50% 57 Short-term financing loans 3 075 1 377 123% 1 234 Trade and other payables 5 096 5 780 -12% 6 142 Total liabilities 9 946 10 061 -1% 9 630 Total equity and liabilities 31 003 30 564 1% 31 433CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY January-June 2023 1000 € Share capital Other reserve Remeasurements of employee benefits Translation differences Retained earnings Total equity Balance at Jan. 1  2023 1 000 4 774 -49 6 16 072 21 803 Comprehensive income Comprehensive income for the period 636 636 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax Translation differences -17 -17 Total comprehensive income for the period 0 0 0 -17 636 620 Business transactions with owners Dividends paid -1 437 -1 437 Share-based payment 72 72 Business transactions with owners  total 0 72 0 0 -1 437 -1 365 Balance at June 30  2023 1 000 4 845 -49 -10 15 272 21 058 January-June 2022 Balance at Jan. 1  2022 1 000 4 736 -148 12 13 554 19 155 Comprehensive income Comprehensive income for the period 2 363 2 363 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax Translation differences 0 5 5 Total comprehensive income for the period 0 0 0 5 2 363 2 368 Business transactions with owners Dividends paid -1 026 -1 026 Share-based payment 7 0 7 Business transactions with owners  total 0 7 0 0 -1 026 -1 020 Balance at June 30  2022 1 000 4 743 -148 17 14 891 20 503CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT January-June 1 000 € 1-6/2023 1-6/2022 1-12/2022 Profit for the period 636 2 363 3 545 Adjustments 1 110 861 2 786 Change in working capital -706 -1 509 -2 571 Received interest income 1 1 6 Paid interest expenses -83 -61 -129 Paid taxes -13 -19 -19 Cash flow from operating activities 945 1 637 3 618 Investments -1 112 -1 211 -2 523 Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 49 0 0 Cash flow from investing activities -1 064 -1 211 -2 523 Increase in financing 2 023 0 170 Decrease in financing -496 -496 -992 Decrease in lease liabilities -170 -186 -587 Dividends paid -1 437 -1 026 -1 026 Cash flow from financing activities -79 -1 708 -2 435 Change in cash and cash equivalents -198 -1 283 -1 340 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 1 410 2 631 2 631 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents -37 133 119 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 1 176 1 482 1 410KEY INDICATORS Q2/2023 Q1/2023 Q4/2022 Q3/2022 2022 Net sales  M€ 9.5 8.9 10.1 10.4 39.1 Operating result before depreciation (EBITDA)  M€ 0.9 0.8 1.2 1.9 6.4 Operating result (EBIT)  M€ 0.4 0.3 0.7 1.4 4.5 of net sales  % 4% 4% 7% 13% 12% Profit/loss before taxes  M€ 0.3 0.3 0.7 1.3 4.4 of net sales  % 4% 3% 7% 13% 11% Net profit/loss for the period  M€ 0.3 0.3 -0.2 1.3 3.5 of net sales  % 4% 3% -2% 13% 9% Received orders 5.4 13.7 4.8 9.5 27.4 Order book at the end of period 15.0 19.1 14.3 19.6 14.3 Equity ratio  % 68% 73% 69% 68% 69% Gearing  % 15% 2% 8% 5% 8% Gross investments in fixed assets  M€ 0.8 0.4 0.7 0.6 2.5 of net sales  % 8% 4% 7% 6% 6% Personnel  end of the quarter 167 156 156 144 156 Earnings/share (EPS)  € 0.05 0.04 -0.02 0.20 0.52 Equity/share  € 3.08 3.24 3.19 3.20 3.19The Alternative Performance Measures (APM) used by the Group Aspocomp presents in its financial reporting alternative performance measures  which describe the businesses' financial performance and its development as well as investments and return on equity. In addition to accounting measures which are defined or specified in IFRS  alternative performance measures complement and explain presented information. Aspocomp presents in its financial reporting the following alternative performance measures: EBITDA = Earnings before interests  taxes  depreciations and amortizations EBITDA indicates the result of operations before depreciations  financial items and income taxes. It is an important key figure  as it shows the profit margin on net sales after operating expenses are deducted. Operating result = Earnings before income taxes and financial income and expenses presented in the IFRS consolidated income statement. The operating result indicates the financial profitability of operations and their development. Profit/loss before taxes = The result before income taxes presented in the IFRS consolidated statements. Equity ratio  % = Equity x 100 Total assets - advances received Gearing  % = Net interest-bearing liabilities x 100 Total equity Gearing indicates the ratio of capital invested in the company by shareholders and interest-bearing debt to financiers. A high gearing ratio is a risk factor that may limit a company’s growth opportunities and financial latitude. Gross investments = Acquisitions of long-term intangible and tangible assets (gross amount). Order book = Undelivered customer orders at the end of the financial period. Cash flow from operating activities = Profit for the period + non-cash transactions +- other adjustments +- change in working capital + received interest income – paid interest expenses – paid taxesCONTINGENT LIABILITIES 1 000 € 6/2023 6/2022 12/2022 Business mortgage 6 000 6 000 6 000 Collateral note 1 200 1 200 1 200 Guaranteed contingent liability towards the Finnish Customs 35 35 35 Total 7 235 7 235 7 235Further informationFor further information  please contact Mikko Montonen  President and CEO tel. +358 40 5011 262  mikko.montonen(at)aspocomp.com.Aspocomp – heart of technologyA printed circuit board (PCB) is used for electrical interconnection and as a component assembly platform in electronic devices. Aspocomp provides PCB technology design  testing and logistics services over the entire lifecycle of a product. The company’s own production and extensive international partner network guarantee cost-effectiveness and reliable deliveries.Aspocomp’s customers are companies that design and manufacture telecommunication systems and equipment  automotive and industrial electronics  and systems for testing semiconductor components for security technology. The company has customers around the world and most of its net sales are generated by exports.Aspocomp is headquartered in Espoo and its plant is in Oulu  one of Finland’s major technology hubs.www.aspocomp.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.67,0.33,mixed,0.19,0.02,0.8,True,English,"['Half-Year Report', 'Net sales', 'comparison period', 'order book', 'product mix', 'operating result', 'Aspocomp', 'level', 'The Industrial Electronics customer segment', 'The Semiconductor Industry customer segment', 'Automotive Industry customer segment', 'largest customer segment', 'Telecommunications customer segment', 'Aerospace customer segment', 'Operative cash flow', 'artificial intelligence applications', 'profitable quick-turn deliveries', 'normal utilization rate', 'lower-margin customer segments', 'high inventory levels', 'Semiconductor Industry segment', 'proactive sales efforts', 'long-term growth prospects', 'higher net sales', 'Second-quarter net sales', 'Aspocomp Group Plc', 'SECOND QUARTER 2023 HIGHLIGHTS', 'semiconductor cycle', 'Half-Year Report', 'Operating result', 'Equity ratio', 'Order book', 'interest rates', 'operating environment', 'comparison period', 'various parts', 'value chain', 'Order intake', 'typical phenomenon', 'continuous development', 'current example', 'core business', 'segment-specific variation', 'other hand', 'order cycles', 'temporary emphasis', 'relative unit', 'personnel costs', 'review period', 'financial year', 'Russian war', 'previous year', 'low share', 'same level', 'temporary slowdown', 'new customers', 'good level', '2022 level', 'July', '9:00 a', 'EEST', 'decrease', 'Earnings', 'Orders', 'JANUARY-JUNE', 'end', 'OUTLOOK', 'Inflation', 'risk', 'recession', 'uncertainties', 'aggression', 'company', 'beginning', 'guidance', 'CEO', 'addition', 'stocks', 'late', 'technology', 'proliferation', 'slowness', 'Defense', 'number', 'requests', 'offers', 'April-June', 'factory', 'EU', '43']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28011,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707883/0/en/Aspocomp-s-Half-Year-Report-2023-Net-sales-at-the-level-of-the-comparison-period-the-order-book-decreased-the-product-mix-weakened-the-operating-result.html,Aspocomp’s Half-Year Report 2023: Net sales at the level of the comparison period  the order book decreased  the product mix weakened the operating result,Aspocomp Group Plc  Half-Year Report  July 20  2023  at 9:00 a.m. EEST  SECOND QUARTER 2023 HIGHLIGHTS       Net sales EUR 9.5 (9.6) million  decrease...,English FinnishAspocomp Group Plc  Half-Year Report  July 20  2023  at 9:00 a.m. EESTSECOND QUARTER 2023 HIGHLIGHTSNet sales EUR 9.5 (9.6) million  decrease of 1%Operating result EUR 0.4 (1.6) million  4.2% (16.6%) of net salesEarnings per share EUR 0.05 (0.23)Operative cash flow EUR -0.6 (0.9) millionOrders received EUR 5.4 (9.6) million  decrease of 43%Equity ratio 67.9% (67.1%)JANUARY-JUNE 2023 HIGHLIGHTSNet sales EUR 18.4 (18.6) million  decrease of 1%Operating result EUR 0.7 (2.4) million  4.0% (12.9%) of net salesEarnings per share EUR 0.09 (0.35)Operative cash flow EUR 0.9 (1.6) millionOrders received EUR 19.1 (22.6) million  decrease of 15%Order book at the end of the review period EUR 15.0 (20.5) million  decrease of 27%Equity ratio 67.9% (67.1%)OUTLOOK FOR 2023Inflation and interest rates  the risk of recession and the uncertainties posed by Russia’s war of aggression will affect the operating environment of the company and its customers in the financial year 2023. The cycle of the Semiconductor Industry segment is expected to return to growth at the end of the year or the beginning of 2024.Aspocomp reiterates the guidance that was published on July 17  2023. Aspocomp estimates that its net sales for 2023 will be below the 2022 level and its operating result for 2023 will be clearly below the 2022 level. In 2022  net sales amounted to EUR 39.1 million and the operating result to EUR 4.5 million.CEO’S REVIEW“Aspocomp’s net sales for the second quarter of 2023 amounted to EUR 9.5 million  remaining at the same level as in the comparison period. The slowdown of the semiconductor cycle and high inventory levels in various parts of our value chain slowed down net sales. In addition  all our customer segments were burdened with uncertainties arising from the operating environment. Order intake was below the level of the comparison period and amounted to EUR 5.4 million. The order book decreased to EUR 15.0 million as customers  particularly in the Semiconductor Industry  liquidated their stocks.A temporary slowdown in the semiconductor cycle is a typical phenomenon in the industry. It is expected to turn to growth again in late 2023 or early 2024  that is  a quarter or two later than we previously estimated. However  the industry's long-term growth prospects are still strong. The continuous development of technology - a current example of which is the proliferation of artificial intelligence applications - directly supports the company's core business.The segment-specific variation in the company’s operating environment continued in the second quarter as well. Measured by net sales  our largest customer segment  the Semiconductor Industry  suffered from the slowness of the cycle and high inventory levels. The net sales of the Telecommunications customer segment also decreased. On the other hand  the net sales of our Automotive Industry customer segment clearly increased. In the Security  Defense and Aerospace customer segment  in which order cycles are long  our proactive sales efforts generated higher net sales in the second quarter. The segment's outlook is positive  and the number of requests for offers and new customers received by the company has developed favorably.Aspocomp’s operating result for April-June decreased significantly from the exceptionally good level of the comparison period and amounted to EUR 0.4 million. The operating result was burdened by the temporary emphasis of net sales on lower-margin customer segments and the low share of profitable quick-turn deliveries. In addition  the lower-than-normal utilization rate of our factory increased the relative unit and personnel costs.Inflation and interest rates  the risk of recession and the uncertainties posed by the Russian war of aggression affect the operating environment of the company and its customers in the financial year 2023. The cycle of the Semiconductor Industry segment is expected to return to growth at the end of the year or the beginning of 2024. We reiterate the guidance that was published on July 17  2023  and estimate that Aspocomp’s net sales for 2023 will be below the 2022 level and its operating result for 2023 will be clearly below the 2022 level. In 2022  net sales amounted to EUR 39.1 million and the operating result to EUR 4.5 million.”NET SALES AND EARNINGSApril-June 2023Second-quarter net sales amounted to EUR 9.5 (9.6) million. Net sales decreased by 1% compared to the previous year due to the slowdown of the semiconductor cycle  increased inventory levels in the value chain  and uncertainties arising from the operating environment that burden all customer segments.The Semiconductor Industry customer segment’s second-quarter net sales decreased year-on-year by 16% to EUR 3.6 (4.2) million. The customer segment suffered from a slowdown in the semiconductor cycle and high inventory levels in the value chain.The Industrial Electronics customer segment’s second-quarter net sales remained at the level of the comparison period and amounted to EUR 1.1 (1.1) million. Inflation and the threat of recession are slowing down customers’ investments.The Security  Defense and Aerospace customer segment’s second-quarter net sales increased by 14% to EUR 1.7 (1.5) million.The Automotive customer segment’s second-quarter net sales grew to EUR 1.9 (1.2) million  up 61% year-on-year thanks to the increase in deliveries of volume products.The Telecommunication customer segment’s second-quarter net sales decreased by 25% to EUR 1.1 (1.5) million. The decrease in the customer segment’s net sales was due to the timing of the customers’ product development projects.The five largest customers accounted for 64% (56%) of net sales. In geographical terms  84% (92%) of net sales were generated in Europe and 16% (8%) on other continents.The operating result for the second quarter amounted to EUR 0.4 (1.6) million. The operating result decreased from the comparison period because net sales were focused on lower-margin customer segments. The share accounted for by profitable quick-turn deliveries was lower than usual  and on the other hand  the result of the comparison period was higher than usual. Preparing for growth increases personnel costs  and the utilization rate of the Oulu factory was at a lower-than-normal level  which increased unit costs.Second-quarter operating result was 4.2% (16.6%) of net sales.Net financial expenses amounted to EUR 0.1 (0.0) million. Earnings per share were EUR 0.05 (0.23).January - June 2023First-half net sales amounted to EUR 18.4 (18.6) million  a year-on-year decrease of 1 percent.The Semiconductor Industry customer segment’s net sales grew by 3% to EUR 7.3 (7.1) million.The slowdown of the semiconductor cycle and high inventory levels in the value chain slowed down growth.The Industrial Electronics customer segment’s net sales decreased by 32% to EUR 1.9 (2.8) million.Inflation and the threat of recession slowed down customers’ investments.The Security  Defense and Aerospace customer segment’s net sales increased by 3% to EUR 3.1 (3.0) million. The number of customer contacts in the customer segment increased  but the order cycles are long  and the results are visible with a delay.The Automotive customer segment’s net sales increased by 36% to EUR 3.9 (2.9) million. Sales of the Automotive customer segment turned to growth as the component shortage eased.The Telecommunication customer segment’s net sales amounted to EUR 2.2 (2.7) million  a year-on-year decrease of 23%. The decrease in net sales was due to the timing of the customers' product development projects.The five largest customers accounted for 60 (60) percent of net sales. In geographical terms  85 (91) percent of net sales were generated in Europe and 15 (9) percent on other continents.The first-half operating result amounted to EUR 0.7 (2.4) million. The operating result decreased from the comparison period  because net sales were focused on customer segments with a lower margin  the share of profitable quick-turn deliveries was lower than usual  and preparation for growth increases personnel costs.First-half operating result was 4.0 (12.9) percent of net sales.Net financial expenses amounted to EUR 0.1 (0.0) million. Earnings per share were EUR 0.09 (0.35).The order book at the end of the review period was EUR 15.0 (20.5) million. The order book decreased due to lower order intake. Of the order book  EUR 12.9 million has been scheduled for delivery this year and the remaining EUR 2.1 million next year.THE GROUP'S KEY FIGURES 4-6/23 4-6/22 Change 1-6/23 1-6/22 Change Net sales  M€ 9.5 9.6 -1 % 18.4 18.6 -1 % EBITDA  M€ 0.9 2.1 -57 % 1.7 3.3 -48 % Operating result  M€ 0.4 1.6 -75 % 0.7 2.4 -69 % % of net sales 4% 17% -12 ppts 4% 13% -9 ppts Pre-tax profit/loss  M€ 0.3 1.6 -79 % 0.6 2.4 -73 % % of net sales 4% 17% -13 ppts 3% 13% -9 ppts Profit/loss for the period  M€ 0.3 1.6 -79 % 0.6 2.4 -73 % % of net sales 4% 17% -13 ppts 3% 13% -9 ppts Earnings per share  € 0.05 0.23 -78 % 0.09 0.35 -74 % Received orders 5.4 9.6 -43 % 19.1 22.6 -15 % Order book at the end of period 15.0 20.5 -27 % 15.0 20.5 -27 % Investments  M€ 0.8 0.3 118 % 1.1 1.2 -8 % % of net sales 8% 4% 4 ppts 6% 7% 0 ppts Cash  end of the period 1.2 1.5 -31 % 1.2 1.5 -31 % Equity / share  € 3.08 3.00 8 % 3.08 3.00 8 % Equity ratio  % 68% 67% 1 ppts 68% 67% 1 ppts Gearing  % 15% 11% 4 ppts 15% 11% 4 ppts Personnel  end of the period 167 148 19 persons 167 148 19 persons * The total may deviate from the sum totals due to rounding up and down.INVESTMENTSInvestments during the review period amounted to EUR 1.1 (1.2) million. The company has continued its investments to increase capacity in line with its strategy  but the installation of equipment has been slowed down in part due to delays in material and component deliveries. The investments were focused on upgrading the capacity of the Oulu plant  improving automation  and increasing production efficiency.In 2017  Aspocomp launched an investment program amounting to a total of EUR 10 million to further strengthen its position as a strategic partner to leading companies in the semiconductor  automotive  defense and aerospace  and telecommunications (5G) industries. The second phase of investments was launched in the spring of 2020  when the company was granted a total of EUR 1.35 million in development support by the ELY Center  corresponding to about 25 percent of its total cost. The ongoing second phase of the investment program aims in particular to increase the capacity of the Oulu plant  improve automation and increase production efficiency. In this current program  which will run until the end of the third quarter of 2023  all of the new equipment will be installed in the existing Oulu plant building and no additional plant space will be built.CASH FLOW AND FINANCINGJanuary-June 2023 cash flow from operations amounted to EUR 0.9 (1.6) million. Cash flow weakened mainly due to the lower operating result.Cash assets amounted to EUR 1.2 (1.5) million at the end of the period. Interest-bearing liabilities amounted to EUR 4.4 (3.8) million. Gearing was 15% (11%). Non-interest-bearing liabilities amounted to EUR 5.5 (6.3) million.At the end of the period  the Group’s equity ratio amounted to 67.9% (67.1%).The company has a EUR 4.0 (2.0) million credit facility  of which EUR 1.9 million was in use at the end of the review period. In addition  the company has a recourse factoring agreement  of which EUR 0.0 (0.0) million was in use.PERSONNELDuring the review period  the company had an average of 161 (144) employees. The personnel count on June 30  2023  was 167 (148). Of them  111 (93) were blue-collar and 56 (55) white-collar employees.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND AUTHORIZATIONS GIVEN TO THE BOARDThe Annual General Meeting of Aspocomp Group Plc held on April 20  2023  adopted the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts as well as granted the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO discharge from liability regarding the financial period 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies 2022.The Annual General Meeting decided to pay a dividend of EUR 0.21 per share  as proposed by the Board of Directors. It was decided that the dividend would be paid to shareholders registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend distribution  April 24  2023. In accordance with the decision of the Annual General Meeting  the dividend was paid on May 2  2023.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the number of Board members at four and re-elected the current members of the Board Ms. Päivi Marttila  Ms. Kaarina Muurinen  Mr. Jukka Huuskonen and Mr. Anssi Korhonen for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. The Annual General Meeting re-elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants  as the company's auditor for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that Mr. Tuukka Kiuru  Authorized Public Accountant  serves as its principal auditor.The Annual General Meeting decided that the chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 30 000  the vice chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 20 000 and the other members be paid EUR 15 000 each in remuneration for their term of office. The Annual General Meeting further decided that EUR 1 000 will be paid as remuneration per meeting to the chairman and that the other members be paid EUR 500 per meeting of the Board and its committees. The members of the Board of Directors will further be reimbursed for reasonable travel costs. The auditor’s fees will be paid according to the auditor’s invoice.The Annual General Meeting decided to authorize the Board of Directors  in one or more installments  to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 684 144 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as any own shares held by the company. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorization cancels the authorization given by the General Meeting on April 26  2022  to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.The Annual General Meeting decided to amend the company’s Articles of Association to enable convening a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a customary general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in customary in-person General Meetings. Article 9 of the company’s Articles of Association reads as follows:“9 § The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki or Espoo. The Board may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).In order to exercise his right to speak and vote at the General Meeting  a shareholder must register in the manner specified in the invitation to the meeting. The closing date for registration shall be no sooner than ten days before the meeting.”The minutes of the Annual General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/agm.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETING AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEEAt its organization meeting held after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Aspocomp Group Plc re-elected Ms. Päivi Marttila as the Chairman of the Board. Ms. Kaarina Muurinen was re-elected as the Vice Chairman.The Board of Directors did not establish an Audit Committee; the Board itself performs the duties of the Audit Committee.The Board of Directors has at its meeting evaluated the independence of the Board members in compliance with the recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. It is the view of the Board of Directors that all Board members are independent of the company's major shareholders. The Board of Directors has also assessed that all the Board members are independent of the company.SHARESThe total number of Aspocomp’s shares at June 30  2023 was 6 841 440 and the share capital stood at EUR 1 000 000. The company did not hold any treasury shares. Each share is of the same share series and entitles its holder to one vote at a General Meeting and to have an identical dividend right.A total of 495 829 Aspocomp Group Plc. shares were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki during the period from January 1 to June 30  2023. The aggregate value of the shares exchanged was EUR 3 455 155. The shares traded at a low of EUR 5.44 and a high of EUR 8.30. The average share price was EUR 6.97. The closing price at June 30  2023 was EUR 5.58  which translates into market capitalization of EUR 38.2 million.The company had 4 278 shareholders at the end of the review period. Nominee-registered shares accounted for 1.4% of the total shares.SHARE-BASED LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEMEThe Board of Directors of Aspocomp Group Plc decided on the establishment of a share-based long-term incentive scheme for the company’s top management and selected key employees on July 20  2022. The objectives of the Performance Share Plan are to align the interests of Aspocomp’s management with those of the company’s shareholders and thereby promote shareholder value creation in the long term as well as to commit the management to achieving Aspocomp’s strategic targets.The Performance Share Plan consists of annually commencing individual performance share plans. The commencement of each new plan is subject to a separate decision of Aspocomp’s Board of Directors. Each plan comprises a performance period followed by the payment of the potential share rewards in listed shares of Aspocomp. The payment of the rewards is conditional on the achievement of the performance targets set by the Board of Directors for the respective plan.The performance period of the first plan  PSP 2022-2024  covers the period from the beginning of July 2022 until the end of the year 2024. Eligible for participation in PSP 2022-2024 are approximately 20 individuals  including the members of Aspocomp’s Management Team.The share rewards potentially payable thereunder will be paid during the first half of the year 2025. The performance measures based on which the potential share rewards under PSP 2022-2024 will be paid are cumulative EBIT and the total shareholder return of Aspocomp’s share (absolute TSR).If all the performance targets set for the first plan  PSP 2022–2024  are fully achieved  the aggregate maximum number of shares to be paid as a reward based on this plan is approximately 92 000 shares (referring to gross earnings before the withholding of the applicable payroll tax).On February 15  2023  Aspocomp Group Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the commencement of a new performance period in the share-based long-term Performance Share Plan (PSP) for the company’s senior management and selected key employees. Aspocomp originally announced the launch of the long-term incentive plan in a stock exchange release on July 20  2022.The next plan within the PSP structure  PSP 2023-2025  commenced as of the beginning of 2023 and the share rewards potentially earned thereunder will be paid during H1 2026. The payment of the rewards is conditional on the achievement of the performance targets set by the Board of Directors for the plan. The performance measures based on which the potential share rewards under PSP 2023-2025 will be paid are cumulative EBIT and the total shareholder return of Aspocomp’s share (absolute TSR). Eligible for participation in PSP 2023-2025 are approximately 20 individuals  including the members of Aspocomp’s Management Team.If all the performance targets set for PSP 2023–2025 are fully achieved  the aggregate maximum number of shares payable as a reward based on this plan is approximately 91 000 shares (referring to gross earnings before the withholding of the applicable payroll tax). The maximum value of the rewards payable to the participants based on PSP 2023-2025 is limited by a cap which is linked to Aspocomp’s share price development.ASSESSMENT OF SHORT-TERM BUSINESS RISKSIn accordance with its goal  the company has systematically expanded its services to cover the PCB needs of its customers over the entire life cycle and thereby has successfully balanced out variations in demand and the order book. A major share of Aspocomp’s net sales is still generated by quick-turn deliveries and R&D series  and thus the company’s order book can vary significantly.Risks affecting the operating environmentRussia’s war against Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia in response are not expected to have a significant direct impact on the company. Aspocomp has no business operations and no direct customers or suppliers in Russia  Belarus or Ukraine. However  the changed operating environment may affect our sourcing and logistics chains.The geopolitical situation and the COVID-19 pandemic have increased the risks related to customers’ global supply chains. Weak economic development  inflation and rising interest rates cause uncertainty in the operating environment and may affect customer demand. Cyber risks and disruptions in information systems can affect production. Disturbances in the labor market can also affect production and delivery capacity.Dependence on key customersAspocomp’s customer base is concentrated; approximately half of sales are generated by five key customers. This exposes the company to significant fluctuations in demand.Market trendsAlthough Aspocomp is a marginal player in the global electronics market  changes in global PCB demand also have an impact on the company’s business. Competition for quick-turn deliveries and short production series will accelerate as the market for PCBs weakens and continues to have a negative impact on both total demand and market prices.Aspocomp’s main market area comprises Northern and Central Europe. In case Aspocomp’s clients would transfer their R&D and manufacturing out of Europe  demand for Aspocomp’s offerings might weaken significantly.PUBLICATION OF FINANCIAL RELEASES FOR 2023Aspocomp Group Plc's financial information publication schedule for 2023 is:Interim report January-September 2023: Thursday  November 9  2023 at around 9:00 a.m. (Finnish time)Aspocomp's silent period commences 30 days prior to the publication of its financial information.Espoo  July 20  2023ASPOCOMP GROUP PLCBoard of DirectorsSome statements in this stock exchange release are forecasts and actual results may differ materially from those stated. Statements in this stock exchange release relating to matters that are not historical facts are forecasts. All forecasts involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause the actual results  performances or achievements of the Aspocomp Group to be materially different from any future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forecasts. Such factors include general economic and business conditions  fluctuations in currency exchange rates  increases and changes in PCB industry capacity and competition  and the ability of the company to implement its investment program.ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICESThe reported operations include the Group’s parent company  Aspocomp Group Plc. All figures presented for the review period are unaudited. This interim report has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 (Interim Financial Reporting)  following the same accounting principles as in the annual financial statements for 2022; however  the company complies with the standards and amendments that came into effect as from January 1  2023.R&DR&D costs comprise general production development costs. These costs do not fulfill the IAS 38 definition of either development or research and are therefore booked into plant overheads.PROFIT & LOSS STATEMENT April-June 2023 1 000 € 4-6/2023 4-6/2022 Change Net sales 9 452 100% 9 556 100% -1% Other operating income 11 0% 1 0% 1 730% Materials and services -4 391 -46% -3 802 -40% 15% Personnel expenses -2 769 -29% -2 576 -27% 7% Other operating costs -1 413 -15% -1 120 -12% 26% Depreciation and amortization -490 -5% -469 -5% 5% Operating result 401 4% 1 590 17% -75% Financial income and expenses -66 -1% 11 0% Profit/loss before tax 335 4% 1 601 17% -79% Income taxes -3 0% -5 0% Profit/loss for the period 332 4% 1 596 17% -79% Other comprehensive income Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Income tax relating to these items Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Currency translation differences -13 0% 1 0% Total other comprehensive income -13 0% 1 0% Total comprehensive income 318 3% 1 597 17% -80% Earnings per share (EPS) Basic EPS 0.05 € 0.23 € -78% Diluted EPS 0.05 € 0.23 € -78%PROFIT & LOSS STATEMENT January-June 2023 1 000 € 1-6/2023 1-6/2022 Change 1-12/2022 Net sales 18 392 100% 18 585 100% -1% 39 114 100% Other operating income 54 0% 2 0% 2 163% 5 0% Materials and services -8 570 -47% -8 148 -44% 5% -17 849 -46% Personnel expenses -5 202 -28% -4 866 -26% 7% -9 641 -25% Other operating costs -2 959 -16% -2 261 -12% 31% -5 223 -13% Depreciation and amortization -975 -5% -918 -5% 6% -1 903 -5% Operating result 740 4% 2 393 13% -69% 4 502 12% Financial income and expenses -99 -1% -25 0% 299% -98 0% Profit/loss before tax 641 3% 2 368 13% -73% 4 404 11% Change in deferred tax assets* -839 Income taxes -5 0% -5 0% -20 0% Profit/loss for the period 636 3% 2 363 13% -73% 3 545 9% Other comprehensive income Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans 0 0 0% 118 0% Income tax relating to these items 0 0 0% -20 0% Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Currency translation differences -17 0% 5 0% - -6 0% Total other comprehensive income -17 0% 5 0% - 92 0% Total comprehensive income 620 3% 2 368 13% -74% 3 637 9% Earnings per share (EPS) Basic EPS 0.09 € 0.35 € 74% 0.52 € Diluted EPS 0.09 € 0.35 € 74% 0.52 € *The change in deferred tax assets is mainly due to the use of losses confirmed in taxation.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 1 000 € 6/2023 6/2022 Change 12/2022 Assets Non-current assets Intangible assets 3 386 3 290 3% 3 309 Tangible assets 6 479 5 688 14% 5 967 Right-of-use assets 585 740 -21% 642 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 95 95 0% 95 Deferred income tax assets 4 152 4 972 -16% 4 152 Total non-current assets 14 697 14 785 -1% 14 164 Current assets Inventories 5 583 5 721 -2% 6 136 Short-term receivables 9 548 8 576 11% 9 723 Cash and bank deposits 1 176 1 482 -21% 1 410 Total current assets 16 307 15 779 3% 17 269 Total assets 31 003 30 564 1% 31 433 Equity and liabilities Share capital 1 000 1 000 0% 1 000 Reserve for invested non-restricted equity 4 845 4 743 2% 4 774 Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans -49 -148 -67% -49 Retained earnings 15 262 14 908 2% 16 078 Total equity 21 058 20 503 3% 21 803 Long-term financing loans 1 360 2 399 -43% 1 839 Other non-current liabilities 358 467 -23% 358 Deferred income tax liabilities 57 38 50% 57 Short-term financing loans 3 075 1 377 123% 1 234 Trade and other payables 5 096 5 780 -12% 6 142 Total liabilities 9 946 10 061 -1% 9 630 Total equity and liabilities 31 003 30 564 1% 31 433CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY January-June 2023 1000 € Share capital Other reserve Remeasurements of employee benefits Translation differences Retained earnings Total equity Balance at Jan. 1  2023 1 000 4 774 -49 6 16 072 21 803 Comprehensive income Comprehensive income for the period 636 636 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax Translation differences -17 -17 Total comprehensive income for the period 0 0 0 -17 636 620 Business transactions with owners Dividends paid -1 437 -1 437 Share-based payment 72 72 Business transactions with owners  total 0 72 0 0 -1 437 -1 365 Balance at June 30  2023 1 000 4 845 -49 -10 15 272 21 058 January-June 2022 Balance at Jan. 1  2022 1 000 4 736 -148 12 13 554 19 155 Comprehensive income Comprehensive income for the period 2 363 2 363 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax Translation differences 0 5 5 Total comprehensive income for the period 0 0 0 5 2 363 2 368 Business transactions with owners Dividends paid -1 026 -1 026 Share-based payment 7 0 7 Business transactions with owners  total 0 7 0 0 -1 026 -1 020 Balance at June 30  2022 1 000 4 743 -148 17 14 891 20 503CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT January-June 1 000 € 1-6/2023 1-6/2022 1-12/2022 Profit for the period 636 2 363 3 545 Adjustments 1 110 861 2 786 Change in working capital -706 -1 509 -2 571 Received interest income 1 1 6 Paid interest expenses -83 -61 -129 Paid taxes -13 -19 -19 Cash flow from operating activities 945 1 637 3 618 Investments -1 112 -1 211 -2 523 Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 49 0 0 Cash flow from investing activities -1 064 -1 211 -2 523 Increase in financing 2 023 0 170 Decrease in financing -496 -496 -992 Decrease in lease liabilities -170 -186 -587 Dividends paid -1 437 -1 026 -1 026 Cash flow from financing activities -79 -1 708 -2 435 Change in cash and cash equivalents -198 -1 283 -1 340 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 1 410 2 631 2 631 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents -37 133 119 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 1 176 1 482 1 410KEY INDICATORS Q2/2023 Q1/2023 Q4/2022 Q3/2022 2022 Net sales  M€ 9.5 8.9 10.1 10.4 39.1 Operating result before depreciation (EBITDA)  M€ 0.9 0.8 1.2 1.9 6.4 Operating result (EBIT)  M€ 0.4 0.3 0.7 1.4 4.5 of net sales  % 4% 4% 7% 13% 12% Profit/loss before taxes  M€ 0.3 0.3 0.7 1.3 4.4 of net sales  % 4% 3% 7% 13% 11% Net profit/loss for the period  M€ 0.3 0.3 -0.2 1.3 3.5 of net sales  % 4% 3% -2% 13% 9% Received orders 5.4 13.7 4.8 9.5 27.4 Order book at the end of period 15.0 19.1 14.3 19.6 14.3 Equity ratio  % 68% 73% 69% 68% 69% Gearing  % 15% 2% 8% 5% 8% Gross investments in fixed assets  M€ 0.8 0.4 0.7 0.6 2.5 of net sales  % 8% 4% 7% 6% 6% Personnel  end of the quarter 167 156 156 144 156 Earnings/share (EPS)  € 0.05 0.04 -0.02 0.20 0.52 Equity/share  € 3.08 3.24 3.19 3.20 3.19The Alternative Performance Measures (APM) used by the Group Aspocomp presents in its financial reporting alternative performance measures  which describe the businesses' financial performance and its development as well as investments and return on equity. In addition to accounting measures which are defined or specified in IFRS  alternative performance measures complement and explain presented information. Aspocomp presents in its financial reporting the following alternative performance measures: EBITDA = Earnings before interests  taxes  depreciations and amortizations EBITDA indicates the result of operations before depreciations  financial items and income taxes. It is an important key figure  as it shows the profit margin on net sales after operating expenses are deducted. Operating result = Earnings before income taxes and financial income and expenses presented in the IFRS consolidated income statement. The operating result indicates the financial profitability of operations and their development. Profit/loss before taxes = The result before income taxes presented in the IFRS consolidated statements. Equity ratio  % = Equity x 100 Total assets - advances received Gearing  % = Net interest-bearing liabilities x 100 Total equity Gearing indicates the ratio of capital invested in the company by shareholders and interest-bearing debt to financiers. A high gearing ratio is a risk factor that may limit a company’s growth opportunities and financial latitude. Gross investments = Acquisitions of long-term intangible and tangible assets (gross amount). Order book = Undelivered customer orders at the end of the financial period. Cash flow from operating activities = Profit for the period + non-cash transactions +- other adjustments +- change in working capital + received interest income – paid interest expenses – paid taxesCONTINGENT LIABILITIES 1 000 € 6/2023 6/2022 12/2022 Business mortgage 6 000 6 000 6 000 Collateral note 1 200 1 200 1 200 Guaranteed contingent liability towards the Finnish Customs 35 35 35 Total 7 235 7 235 7 235Further informationFor further information  please contact Mikko Montonen  President and CEO tel. +358 40 5011 262  mikko.montonen(at)aspocomp.com.Aspocomp – heart of technologyA printed circuit board (PCB) is used for electrical interconnection and as a component assembly platform in electronic devices. Aspocomp provides PCB technology design  testing and logistics services over the entire lifecycle of a product. The company’s own production and extensive international partner network guarantee cost-effectiveness and reliable deliveries.Aspocomp’s customers are companies that design and manufacture telecommunication systems and equipment  automotive and industrial electronics  and systems for testing semiconductor components for security technology. The company has customers around the world and most of its net sales are generated by exports.Aspocomp is headquartered in Espoo and its plant is in Oulu  one of Finland’s major technology hubs.www.aspocomp.comAttachment,negative,0.0,0.2,0.79,mixed,0.19,0.03,0.79,True,English,"['Half-Year Report', 'Net sales', 'comparison period', 'order book', 'product mix', 'operating result', 'Aspocomp', 'level', 'The Industrial Electronics customer segment', 'The Semiconductor Industry customer segment', 'Automotive Industry customer segment', 'largest customer segment', 'Telecommunications customer segment', 'Aerospace customer segment', 'Operative cash flow', 'artificial intelligence applications', 'profitable quick-turn deliveries', 'normal utilization rate', 'lower-margin customer segments', 'high inventory levels', 'Semiconductor Industry segment', 'proactive sales efforts', 'higher net sales', 'Second-quarter net sales', 'long-term growth prospects', 'Aspocomp Group Plc', 'SECOND QUARTER 2023 HIGHLIGHTS', 'net sales Earnings', 'semiconductor cycle', 'English Finnish', 'Half-Year Report', 'Operating result', 'Equity ratio', 'Order book', 'interest rates', 'operating environment', 'comparison period', 'various parts', 'value chain', 'Order intake', 'typical phenomenon', 'continuous development', 'current example', 'core business', 'segment-specific variation', 'other hand', 'order cycles', 'temporary emphasis', 'relative unit', 'personnel costs', 'review period', 'financial year', 'Russian war', 'previous year', 'low share', 'same level', 'temporary slowdown', 'new customers', 'good level', '2022 level', 'July', '9:00 a', 'EEST', 'decrease', 'Orders', 'JANUARY-JUNE', 'end', 'OUTLOOK', 'Inflation', 'risk', 'recession', 'uncertainties', 'aggression', 'company', 'beginning', 'guidance', 'CEO', 'addition', 'stocks', 'late', 'technology', 'proliferation', 'slowness', 'Defense', 'number', 'requests', 'offers', 'April-June', 'factory', '43']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28012,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://thefly.com/permalinks/entry.php/id3747113/DBOEY-Deutsche-Boerse-price-target-lowered-to-EUR--from-EUR--at-JPMorgan,Deutsche Boerse price target lowered to EUR 198 from EUR 200 at JPMorgan,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price', 'EUR', 'JPMorgan', 'real-time, streaming news feed', 'latest financial news', 'professional money managers', 'market intelligence', 'The Fly', 'individual investors', 'active traders', 'rest', 'story', 'com', 'leader', 'corpor']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,thefly.com
28013,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SFC-ENERGY-AG-473477/news/SFC-Energy-starts-production-of-hydrogen-and-methanol-fuel-cells-in-India-Federal-Minister-Rober-44376839/,SFC Energy : starts production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells in India - Federal Minister Robert Habeck opens manufacturing facility in New Delhi/Gurgaon,(marketscreener.com)  Back to overview   20 Jul 2023   SFC Energy starts production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells in India - Federal Minister Robert Habeck opens manufacturing facility in New Delhi/Gurgaon    • Production of hydrogen and meth…,"Back to overview20 Jul 2023• Production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells with long-standing Indian partner FCTecNrgy Pvt Ltd • Annual revenue contribution of around EUR 100 million expected in the medium term • Current major orders with a total volume of over EUR 33 millionBrunnthal/Munich  Germany  July 20  2023 - SFC Energy AG (F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading supplier of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions  has launched the manufacturing of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells at its New Delhi/Gurgaon site in India in the presence of Federal Minister Dr Robert Habeck. Together with the long-standing Indian partner FCTecNrgy Pvt Ltd (""FCT"")  the production facility was built and handed over in just six months. In the medium term  annual sales of around EUR 100 million are to be generated here with the development and production of innovative energy supply systems. The local production is in line with the ""Make in India"" initiative and will make an important contribution to a climate-friendly positioning of the Indian economy.""The climate-friendly transformation of the economy is an urgent challenge and a significant common concern for Germany and India. Hydrogen and its derivatives will play an important role in this transformation. By producing locally  SFC Energy makes German technology more accessible to India and its economy  thus making an important contribution to the success of the energy transition "" said Dr. Robert Habeck  Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Climate Protection.India has formulated its own targets for the expansion of renewable energies and the development of green hydrogen production by 2030. The Indian government is also striving to replace polluting energy systems such as diesel generators with sustainable energy solutions in order to significantly reduce CO2 emissions. On 4 January 2023  the Indian government adopted the ""National Green Hydrogen Mission"" proclaimed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi  under which  for example  generators in railways  the military and in critical infrastructure will also be replaced with emission-free fuel cells.The technology pioneer SFC Energy has already been active in India since 2016 and is now investing in the local market development as well as in its own production capacities. The mobile and stationary fuel cell solutions manufactured in the new factory produce clean electricity based on hydrogen and methanol. SFC's customers in India already include public sector clients and civilian users of clean hydrogen- and methanol-based power where grid supply is not available or not stable enough. Most recently  the company booked major orders worth EUR 33 million for fuel cell-based energy supply for the Indian armed forces. Other current major projects include the planned replacement of diesel generators at Indian Railway and Border Roads Directorate as well as various smart city projects.""As a technology leader with the experience of more than 65 000 fuel cells installed worldwide  SFC Energy is a perfect partner to support the Indian government in its ambitious goals towards a sustainable and climate-friendly energy supply. With the start of manufacturing at the new site in Delhi  we fulfill the 'Make in India' requirements as well as the 'National Green Hydrogen Mission' and benefit from our long-standing presence and partnership in this growth market "" Dr. Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG  explains the investment. ""As the world's most populous country  India is the market with the highest growth dynamics in Asia for this technology  which can contribute not only to climate protection but also to air improvement. Demand is clearly exceeding our expectations. In the medium term  the aim is also to make green hydrogen and green methanol available on a decentralised basis.""In February 2023  during the meeting between German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Prime Minister Narendra Modi  the agreement between SFC and FCT was signed  marking the starting point for the production of fuel cells in India. In the future  SFC's subsidiary SFC Energy India Ltd. will be responsible for the production of EFOY Hydrogen and EFOY Methanol fuel cells as well as quality assurance  while FCT will continue to be SFC's ""Go To Market"" partner. In this role  FCT will be responsible for the design  development  installation and integration of custom fuel cell solutions  as well as the development of other key peripheral system components for such solutions and after-sales service. To underline the strategic importance of the partnership  SFC Energy India and FCT have agreed on a mutual equity participation of the local companies.The 35 000-square-feet manufacturing and sales site will employ up to 100 people in the first phase. The expansion of the production will take place in several steps. The investment volume over the coming years is up to EUR 10 million.For more information on SFC Energy's Clean Energy and Clean Power Management solutions  visit www.sfc.com.SFC Energy AG (www.sfc.com) is a leading provider of hydrogen and direct methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The Company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 60 000 fuel cells to date. The Company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich  Germany  operates production facilities in the Netherlands  Romania  Canada and India. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard and has been part of the selection index SDAX since 2022 (GSIN: 756857 ISIN: DE0007568578).Susan HoffmeisterTel. +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: [email protected]Web: sfc.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.34,0.49,True,English,"['Federal Minister Robert Habeck', 'methanol fuel cells', 'SFC Energy', 'manufacturing facility', 'New Delhi', 'production', 'hydrogen', 'India', 'Gurgaon', 'other key peripheral system components', 'long-standing Indian partner FCTecNrgy Pvt Ltd', 'Federal Minister Dr Robert Habeck', 'various smart city projects', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'Other current major projects', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'custom fuel cell solutions', 'innovative energy supply systems', 'Clean Power Management solutions', 'fuel cell-based energy supply', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'stationary fuel cell solutions', 'National Green Hydrogen Mission', 'EFOY Methanol fuel cells', 'Dr. Robert Habeck', 'SFC Energy India Ltd.', 'Dr. Peter Podesser', 'polluting energy systems', 'emission-free fuel cells', 'Current major orders', 'significant common concern', 'public sector clients', 'Border Roads Directorate', 'mutual equity participation', 'up to 100 people', 'Indian armed forces', 'highest growth dynamics', 'climate-friendly energy supply', 'The Indian government', 'sustainable energy solutions', 'SFC Energy AG', 'Annual revenue contribution', 'New Delhi/Gurgaon site', 'green hydrogen production', '65,000 fuel cells', 'local market development', 'green methanol', 'long-standing presence', 'Clean Energy', 'methanol-based power', 'grid supply', 'perfect partner', 'Market"" partner', 'EFOY Hydrogen', 'Indian Railway', 'energy transition', 'German technology', 'new site', 'clean electricity', 'annual sales', 'growth market', 'important contribution', 'climate-friendly positioning', 'new factory', 'local companies', 'sales site', 'Indian economy', 'medium term', 'total volume', 'leading supplier', 'six months', 'urgent challenge', 'Economic Affairs', 'Climate Protection', 'renewable energies', 'CO2 emissions', 'critical infrastructure', 'civilian users', 'planned replacement', 'ambitious goals', 'populous country', 'air improvement', 'decentralised basis', 'starting point', 'quality assurance', 'sales service', 'strategic importance', 'first phase', 'several steps', 'coming years', 'leading provid', 'local production', 'climate-friendly transformation', 'technology pioneer', 'technology leader', 'diesel generators', 'production facility', 'production capacities', 'important role', ""India' requirements"", 'investment volume', '35,000-square-feet manufacturing', 'overview', '20 Jul', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'ISIN', 'line', 'Make', 'initiative', 'derivatives', 'success', 'targets', 'expansion', '4 January', 'example', 'railways', 'military', 'customers', 'company', 'experience', 'partnership', 'CEO', 'world', 'Asia', 'expectations', 'aim', 'February', 'meeting', 'agreement', 'future', 'subsidiary', 'design', 'installation', 'integration', 'information']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28014,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SFC-ENERGY-AG-473477/news/SFC-Energy-starts-production-of-hydrogen-and-methanol-fuel-cells-in-India-Federal-Minister-Robert-44376882/,SFC Energy starts production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells in India - Federal Minister Robert Habeck opens manufacturing facility in New Delhi/Gurgaon,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word: MiscellaneousSFC Energy starts production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells in India - Federal Minister Robert Habeck opens manufacturing facility in New Delhi/Gurgaon…,"EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousSFC Energy starts production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells in India - Federal Minister Robert Habeck opens manufacturing facility in New Delhi/Gurgaon20.07.2023 / 11:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.SFC Energy starts production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells in India - Federal Minister Robert Habeck opens manufacturing facility in New Delhi/GurgaonProduction of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells with long-standing Indian partner FCTecNrgy Pvt LtdAnnual revenue contribution of around EUR 100 million expected in the medium termCurrent major orders with a total volume of over EUR 33 millionBrunnthal/Munich  Germany  July 20  2023 – SFC Energy AG (F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading supplier of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions  has launched the manufacturing of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells at its New Delhi/Gurgaon site in India in the presence of Federal Minister Dr Robert Habeck. Together with the long-standing Indian partner FCTecNrgy Pvt Ltd (""FCT"")  the production facility was built and handed over in just six months. In the medium term  annual sales of around EUR 100 million are to be generated here with the development and production of innovative energy supply systems. The local production is in line with the ""Make in India"" initiative and will make an important contribution to a climate-friendly positioning of the Indian economy.""The climate-friendly transformation of the economy is an urgent challenge and a significant common concern for Germany and India. Hydrogen and its derivatives will play an important role in this transformation. By producing locally  SFC Energy makes German technology more accessible to India and its economy  thus making an important contribution to the success of the energy transition "" said Dr. Robert Habeck  Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Climate Protection.India has formulated its own targets for the expansion of renewable energies and the development of green hydrogen production by 2030. The Indian government is also striving to replace polluting energy systems such as diesel generators with sustainable energy solutions in order to significantly reduce CO 2 emissions. On 4 January 2023  the Indian government adopted the ""National Green Hydrogen Mission"" proclaimed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi  under which  for example  generators in railways  the military and in critical infrastructure will also be replaced with emission-free fuel cells.The technology pioneer SFC Energy has already been active in India since 2016 and is now investing in the local market development as well as in its own production capacities. The mobile and stationary fuel cell solutions manufactured in the new factory produce clean electricity based on hydrogen and methanol. SFC's customers in India already include public sector clients and civilian users of clean hydrogen- and methanol-based power where grid supply is not available or not stable enough. Most recently  the company booked major orders worth EUR 33 million for fuel cell-based energy supply for the Indian armed forces. Other current major projects include the planned replacement of diesel generators at Indian Railway and Border Roads Directorate as well as various smart city projects.""As a technology leader with the experience of more than 65 000 fuel cells installed worldwide  SFC Energy is a perfect partner to support the Indian government in its ambitious goals towards a sustainable and climate-friendly energy supply. With the start of manufacturing at the new site in Delhi  we fulfill the 'Make in India' requirements as well as the 'National Green Hydrogen Mission' and benefit from our long-standing presence and partnership in this growth market "" Dr. Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG  explains the investment. ""As the world's most populous country  India is the market with the highest growth dynamics in Asia for this technology  which can contribute not only to climate protection but also to air improvement. Demand is clearly exceeding our expectations. In the medium term  the aim is also to make green hydrogen and green methanol available on a decentralised basis.""In February 2023  during the meeting between German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Prime Minister Narendra Modi  the agreement between SFC and FCT was signed  marking the starting point for the production of fuel cells in India. In the future  SFC's subsidiary SFC Energy India Ltd. will be responsible for the production of EFOY Hydrogen and EFOY Methanol fuel cells as well as quality assurance  while FCT will continue to be SFC's ""Go To Market"" partner. In this role  FCT will be responsible for the design  development  installation and integration of custom fuel cell solutions  as well as the development of other key peripheral system components for such solutions and after-sales service. To underline the strategic importance of the partnership  SFC Energy India and FCT have agreed on a mutual equity participation of the local companies.The 35 000-square-feet manufacturing and sales site will employ up to 100 people in the first phase. The expansion of the production will take place in several steps. The investment volume over the coming years is up to EUR 10 million.For more information on SFC Energy's Clean Energy and Clean Power Management solutions  visit sfc.com.About SFC Energy AGSFC Energy AG is a leading provider of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The Company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 65 000 fuel cells to date. The Company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich and operates production facilities in Germany  the Netherlands  Romania  and Canada. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard and has been part of the selection index SDAX since 2022 (GSIN: 756857  ISIN: DE0007568578).SFC IR and Press ContactCROSS ALLIANCE communication GmbHSusan HoffmeisterPhone: +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: susan.hoffmeister@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.3,0.22,True,English,"['Federal Minister Robert Habeck', 'methanol fuel cells', 'SFC Energy', 'manufacturing facility', 'New Delhi', 'production', 'hydrogen', 'India', 'Gurgaon', 'long-standing Indian partner FCTecNrgy Pvt Ltd', 'other key peripheral system components', 'Federal Minister Dr Robert Habeck', 'various smart city projects', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'Federal Minister Robert Habeck', 'Other current major projects', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'custom fuel cell solutions', 'innovative energy supply systems', 'fuel cell-based energy supply', 'stationary fuel cell solutions', 'National Green Hydrogen Mission', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'EFOY Methanol fuel cells', 'Dr. Robert Habeck', 'SFC Energy India Ltd.', 'Dr. Peter Podesser', 'polluting energy systems', 'emission-free fuel cells', 'Current major orders', 'significant common concern', 'public sector clients', 'Border Roads Directorate', 'Indian armed forces', 'highest growth dynamics', 'climate-friendly energy supply', 'sustainable energy solutions', 'SFC Energy AG', 'Annual revenue contribution', 'New Delhi/Gurgaon site', 'green hydrogen production', '65,000 fuel cells', 'local market development', 'green methanol', 'Key word', 'long-standing presence', 'grid supply', 'perfect partner', 'Market"" partner', 'methanol-based power', 'EFOY Hydrogen', 'energy transition', 'German technology', 'Indian government', 'Indian Railway', 'new site', 'annual sales', 'growth market', 'important contribution', 'climate-friendly positioning', 'new factory', 'Indian economy', 'medium term', 'total volume', 'leading supplier', 'six months', 'local production', 'urgent challenge', 'Economic Affairs', 'Climate Protection', 'renewable energies', 'CO 2 emissions', 'critical infrastructure', 'clean electricity', 'civilian users', 'ambitious goals', 'populous country', 'air improvement', 'decentralised basis', 'starting point', 'quality assurance', 'sales service', 'strategic importance', 'climate-friendly transformation', 'technology pioneer', 'technology leader', 'diesel generators', 'manufacturing facility', 'production facility', 'important role', 'production capacities', ""India' requirements"", 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', '11:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'ISIN', 'EUR', 'line', 'Make', 'initiative', 'derivatives', 'success', 'targets', 'expansion', '4 January', 'example', 'railways', 'military', 'customers', 'company', 'planned', 'replacement', 'experience', 'partnership', 'CEO', 'investment', 'world', 'Asia', 'expectations', 'aim', 'February', 'meeting', 'agreement', 'future', 'subsidiary', 'design', 'installation', 'integration']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28015,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707854/0/en/Invitation-to-a-Special-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Invitation to a Special Shareholders’ Meeting,Ghent  BELGIUM   July  20  2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated information   Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”) ...,Ghent  BELGIUM   July 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated informationBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights and all other persons entitled to participate in its shareholders’ meetings  to a special shareholders' meeting that will be held on Monday 21 August 2023 at 10.00 (Belgian time) at the Company’s headquarters.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by mail or by written proxy. Furthermore  the Company recommends its securities holders to exercise their right to ask questions about the agenda items for the shareholders' meeting in writing in advance of the meeting. More information about voting by mail or by written proxy and exercising the right to ask questions can be found in the convening notice.In order to be admitted to the shareholders’ meeting  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the Company’s Articles of Association and meet the requirements outlined in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the shareholders’ meeting can be found on the Company’s website.- ENDS -For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Special Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Invitation', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', ""special shareholders' meeting"", 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'subscription rights', 'other persons', 'Monday 21 August', 'Belgian time', 'voting rights', 'agenda items', 'convening notice', 'Belgian Code', 'other documents', 'Investor Relations', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'food protection', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Toon Musschoot', 'securities holders', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'Company', 'AgTech', 'honor', 'headquarters', 'mail', 'written', 'proxy', 'questions', 'writing', 'advance', 'order', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'requirements', 'website', 'ENDS', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', '00']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28016,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707849/0/en/Voltalia-selected-to-build-a-108-megawatt-solar-farm.html,Voltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farm,Voltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farm      Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable...,English FrenchVoltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farmVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  has been chosen by ESB and Bord na Móna as EPC contractor for their solar farm in Ireland.ESB  the semi-state owned utility and Bord na Móna  the semi-state climate solutions company  two of Ireland’s leading energy providers  have selected Voltalia for their new solar farm at Timahoe North  Co Kildare. It will be the first large-scale solar project of their joint-venture which aims to deliver up to 500-megawatt solar farms based on Bord na Móna lands.Voltalia has been contracted to carry out the solar farm's Engineering  Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) contract. It is expected that Timahoe North solar farm will be fully operational by the end of 2024  with an installed capacity of 108 megawatts. This is enough energy to power around 61 500 inhabitants  which will support the delivery of more green energy to communities and businesses across the country in line with Ireland’s renewable energy targets for 2030.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  states: “Since the beginning of the year  the expertise of our teams has enabled us to grow in Ireland as service provider. Today  we are delighted to build this new project and to support our local partners  Bord na Móna and ESB.”Next in the agenda: Q2 2023 Turnover  on July 26th 2023 (after market hours)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['108-megawatt solar farm', 'Voltalia', 'up to 500-megawatt solar farms', 'Bord na Móna lands', 'semi-state climate solutions company', 'first large-scale solar project', 'Timahoe North solar farm', 'semi-state owned utility', '108-megawatt solar farm', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'leading energy providers', 'energy efficiency services', 'new solar farm', 'renewable energy targets', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', 'new project', 'enough energy', 'green energy', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'EPC contractor', 'Co Kildare', 'installed capacity', 'service provider', 'local partners', 'Q2 2023 Turnover', 'market hours', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'Voltalia', 'Ireland', 'joint-venture', 'Procurement', 'Construction', 'end', '108 megawatts', '61 500 inhabitants', 'delivery', 'communities', 'businesses', 'country', 'line', 'CEO', 'beginning', 'year', 'expertise', 'teams', 'July', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'FR0011995588', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28017,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707917/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-July-13-July-19-2023.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details July 13 – July 19  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details July 13 – July 19  2023           July 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert......,Share Buyback Transaction Details July 13 – July 19  2023July 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 164 778 of its own ordinary shares in the period from July 13  2023  up to and including July 19  2023  for €18.6 million and at an average share price of €112.95These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 4 333 685 477.3 110.14For the period starting May 4  2023  up to and including July 31  2023  we have engaged a third party to execute €200 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulator  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 500 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'July', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'July', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,500 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28018,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://thefly.com/permalinks/entry.php/id3747107/EUXTF-Euronext-price-target-raised-to-EUR--from-EUR--at-JPMorgan,Euronext price target raised to EUR 102 from EUR 100 at JPMorgan,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext price target', 'JPMorgan', 'real-time, streaming news feed', 'latest financial news', 'professional money managers', 'market intelligence', 'The Fly', 'individual investors', 'active traders', 'rest', 'story', 'com', 'leader', 'corpor']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,thefly.com
28019,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SPEAR-INVESTMENTS-I-B-V-129226115/news/SPEAR-Investments-I-B-QEV-Technologies-and-SPEAR-Investments-confirm-expected-business-combination-44378458/,SPEAR Investments I B : QEV Technologies and SPEAR Investments confirm expected business combination and listing on Euronext Amsterdam,(marketscreener.com)   QEV Technologies and SPEAR Investments confirm expected business combination and listing on Euronext Amsterdam    QEV Technologies is a fast-growing company specialised in electric mobility vehicles with a track record of more tha…,"QEV Technologies and SPEAR Investments confirm expected business combination and listing on Euronext Amsterdam QEV Technologies is a fast-growing company specialised in electric mobility vehicles with a track record of more than 10 years developing and manufacturing electric cars.fast-growing company specialised in electric mobility vehicles with a track record of more than 10 years developing and manufacturing electric cars. QEV Technologies is fulfilling customer contracts that should deliver revenue growth of more than four times to more than EUR 60 million in the year to 31 December 2023.QEV Technologies has a strong pipeline of business from which it anticipates significant future growth  and it is targeting sales of over 16 000 electric vehicles per year by 2027.QEV Technologies  together with its joint venture partner  won a tender this year to operate a major former Nissan facility in Barcelona's free trade zone  with a cost- competitive production capacity of 180 000 vehicles per year  for the company and third parties.SPEAR Investments I  a Euronext-listed investment vehicle  was launched by AZ Capital and STJ Advisors to become a valuable partner to a fast-growing European business.Euronext-listed investment vehicle  was launched by AZ Capital and STJ Advisors to become a valuable partner to a fast-growing European business. Inveready  a leading early and later-stage venture  private and public equity investor in Spain  and a major existing investor in QEV Technologies  is expected to invest alongside new investors in this transaction. The transaction would raise additional funds to support QEV Technologies' growth.later-stage venture  private and public equity investor in Spain  and a major existing investor in QEV Technologies  is expected to invest alongside new investors in this transaction. The transaction would raise additional funds to support QEV Technologies' growth. The above parties are in constructive discussions in respect of an expected business combination between QEV Technologies and SPEAR Investments I  however  no binding agreement has been signed or otherwise entered into between them at this stage.This announcement is made in response to market rumours and incorrect public information on the expected business combination. Barcelona  Spain / Amsterdam  Netherlands. 20th July  2023. QEV Technologies  a fast- growing company specialised in electric mobility vehicles  and SPEAR Investments I  a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC) launched by AZ Capital and STJ Advisors focused on becoming a valuable partner to afast-growingEuropean business  are in advanced discussions on key commercial terms for a business combination that would result in the listing of QEV Technologies on Euronext Amsterdam. The business combination agreement is expected to be signed before the end of July. Upon closing of the transaction  the combined company will be named QEV N.V. With its origins in electric motorsport  QEV Technologies has a track record of more than 10 years developing high-performance electric vehicles for third parties. In 2020  the company launched its own e-mobility division dedicated to designing and manufacturing electric commercial vehicles as well as electric buses  with a focus on B2B customers and fleet operators. Having delivered more than 250 vehicles to date  it currently has purchase orders for this to increase to 1 000 vehicles by year end  and expects to reach revenues of more than EUR 60 million in 2023. The capital that would be raised through the combination with SPEAR  if agreed upon and implemented  is expected to support the delivery of QEV Technologies' business plan  which aims to sell around 16 000 electric vehicles by 2027.The implied enterprise valuation of the company is 209 million euros  and to date more than EUR 20 million of capital has been committed to the proposed transaction. This figure is expected to be comprised of a combination of non-redemption agreements with SPEAR's existing shareholders  the entry of new private investors through a PIPE (Private Investment in Public Equity) transaction  and new investment from the company's existing investor  Inveready  a leading Spanish investment firm. The cash inflow is expected to be further increased before closing of the proposed business combination via both additional non-redemption agreements signed with SPEAR shareholders or incremental PIPE transactions. Joan Orus  CEO of QEV Technologies  said: ""This proposed business combination with SPEAR demonstrates the strength of the project driven by QEV and the market's support for companies in thee-mobilitysector which combine technology  production capacity and orders. The merger and listing on Euronext Amsterdam will allow us to take a major leap forward in sustainable mobility in Spain and Europe while further validating the re- industrialisation process at Zona Franca in Barcelona. It will also have a strong positive impact on the creation of jobs and contribute to the success of the European automotive sector."" Jorge Lucaya  Co-CEO of SPEAR Investments and Founder of AZ Capital  stated: ""As part of an intensive and thorough selection process for a suitable business combination  SPEAR has analysed several potential business combination targets. Our investment criteria included  among others  a company with its headquarters in Europe  with strong fundamentals  using technology  innovation and/or new business models to drive superior growth and profitability with limited technology or adoption risk  with a near- term path to profitability  and a company that may have strong environmental  climate and / or sustainability credentials. As a result of this selection process  the decision was made to evaluate a business combination with QEV Technologies  which meets the core criteria of the SPEAR team  in respect of which constructive discussions are well- advanced."". John St. John  Co-CEO of SPEAR Investments and Founder of STJ Advisors  commented: ""The proposed partnership with QEV Technologies would offer the best opportunity to unlock value  and the QEV Technologies' team is the right partner to deliver on a significant market opportunity. We would be entering into an industrial project validated by key stakeholders after an extensive tender process allowed QEV Technologies to benefit from advanced and proven manufacturing facilities at the Hub Factory  led by the company andB-Tech and located in a strategic site in Barcelona  which is expected to start production in 2024"". Under the terms of the proposed agreement  100% of QEV Technologies' existing shareholders are expected to remain invested in the company through the exchange of their shares for shares in the combined entity. Amongst these  Inveready and GAEA Inversion  the private equity vertical of the fund management firm  are currently the largest indirect shareholders in the company andwould significantly increase their initial investment in QEV that was initially made in 2021. Inveready has extensive experience in IPOs  listings and direct investment of quoted high growth companies. This was the case in the listing of MasMovil and Atrys which started in the alternative growth markets and entered the Ibex 35 and main market respectively  and with telecom operator GIGAS which has multiplied its revenues more than fivefold since their initial investment  as well as their investment in VozTelecom  acquired in a public to private transaction led by Gamma Communications  and biotech company Oryzon Genomics quoted through a dual listing on the NASDAQ. The transaction  if agreed  would be subject to  amongst other conditions  final board approvals  the signing of the business combination agreement  and the approval of the business combination by SPEAR's shareholders at an EGM which is expected to take place in the third quarter of 2023. AZ Capital is acting as financial advisor  STJ Advisors is acting as capital markets adviser and Allen & Overy is acting as legal adviser to SPEAR. JB Capital is acting as a financial advisor and Pérez-Llorca Abogados and Stibbe are acting as legal advisors to QEV Technologies. *** About QEV Technologies QEV Technologies designs  develops  manufactures  and sells electric light commercial vehicles and electric buses  as well as offering aftersales and maintenance services  and has further business lines related to electric motorsport. QEV Tech sells its electric vans  trucks and buses primarily to businesses and public transport companies seeking to establish or grow their electric fleets  and is focused on serving the urban mobility and last mile delivery markets. Under the ZEROID brand  QEV Technologies offers a zero-emission fleet that includes multiple electric van models  delivery trucks  and electric and hydrogen platforms for buses. QEV Technologies was founded in 2013  and both historically and on an ongoing basis also provides design  engineering and training services to the electric motorsport industry. Building on its history and expertise in electric mobility  the company expanded into the commercial electric vehicle market in 2018 and now has both inhouse and outsourced manufacturing capabilities  having together with its joint venture partner won the tender for a major former Nissan facility in the free trade area of Barcelona in March 2023. About SPEAR SPEAR was formed in order to identify and become a valuable partner to a fast-growing European business  and to support this company in the accelerated achievement of its goals. SPEAR's multi-skilled team has many decades of experience in successfully supporting the listings and ongoing growth of public companies  as well as in providing sector-specific  operational  and capital-market related support for leading global businesses. Inside Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation 596/2014).",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.14,0.45,True,English,"['SPEAR Investments I B', 'expected business combination', 'QEV Technologies', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'listing', 'major former Nissan facility', 'cost- competitive production capacity', 'leading Spanish investment firm', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', ""QEV Technologies' business plan"", 'free trade zone', 'incorrect public information', 'key commercial terms', 'European automotive sector', 'Euronext-listed investment vehicle', 'public equity investor', 'significant future growth', 'strong positive impact', 'major existing investor', 'growing European business', 'additional non-redemption agreements', 'high-performance electric vehicles', 'electric commercial vehicles', 'expected business combination', 'joint venture partner', 'electric mobility vehicles', 'Public Equity) transaction', ""QEV Technologies' growth"", 'business combination agreement', 'new private investors', 'new investment', 'leading early', 'major leap', 'revenue growth', 'sustainable mobility', '16,000 electric vehicles', 'new investors', 'Private Investment', 'strong pipeline', 'binding agreement', 'growingEuropean business', 'existing shareholders', 'electric cars', 'electric motorsport', 'electric buses', 'later-stage venture', 'additional funds', 'growing company', 'valuable partner', 'track record', 'customer contracts', 'four times', 'STJ Advisors', 'constructive discussions', 'advanced discussions', 'e-mobility division', 'B2B customers', 'fleet operators', 'enterprise valuation', '209 million euros', 'cash inflow', 'Joan Orus', 'industrialisation process', 'Zona Franca', 'Jorge Lucaya', 'combined company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'SPEAR Investments', 'third parties', 'SPEAR shareholders', 'AZ Capital', 'market rumours', '20th July', 'purchase orders', 'PIPE transactions', 'year end', '180,000 vehicles', '250 vehicles', '1,000 vehicles', 'listing', '10 years', '31 December', 'sales', 'tender', 'Barcelona', 'Inveready', 'Spain', 'respect', 'announcement', 'response', 'Netherlands', 'SPAC', 'closing', 'origins', 'focus', 'date', 'revenues', 'delivery', 'figure', 'entry', 'incremental', 'CEO', 'strength', 'project', 'support', 'companies', 'technology', 'merger', 'creation', 'jobs', 'success']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28020,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEEZER-139917626/news/Deezer-and-Orange-renew-successful-long-term-partnership-for-continued-profitable-growth-in-France-44375943/,Deezer : and Orange renew successful long-term partnership for continued profitable growth in France,(marketscreener.com)   Deezer and Orange renew successful long-term partnership   for continued profitable growth in France   Maintaining over a decade of fruitful collaboration  the two companies will continue to bring music to life for French people…,"Deezer and Orange renew successful long-term partnershipfor continued profitable growth in FranceMaintaining over a decade of fruitful collaboration  the two companies will continue to bring music to life for French peopleParis  July 20  2023 - Deezer (Euronext: DEEZR)  the global music streaming service  and Orange(Euronext: ORA)  France's largest telecom provider  are renewing their long-standing partnership. Since 2010  Orange customers have benefited from access to Deezer's pioneering music streaming experience  which now includes a catalog of 90+ million tracks and unique features such as Flow  SongCatcher and music quizzes.""We're delighted to continue our successful journey with Orange after collaborating for more than 10 years on the French market "" said Stéphane Rougeot  Deputy CEO and CFO ""Together we have built a winning business relationship  delivering a first-class streaming experience to hundreds of thousands of music fans across the country. With a common approach to innovation and business excellence  we will continue to grow together in the years to come.""""The music streaming experience from Deezer is highly appreciated by our customers and it is a core part of Orange's ambition to bring to people the best in digital content. We look forward to carrying on our collaboration in the years to come "" says Laetitia Orsini  EVP Consumer Business OrangeFrance.In the coming years  Deezer will bring music to life for millions of Orange customers  with personalized and meaningful experiences on the platform. Celebrating the renewal  Deezer and Orange are launching a special offer available between June 1st and August 16  offering 6 months of Deezer Premium for free to new customers subscribing to a ""Plus que forfait"" plan.*** ENDS ***",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['successful long-term partnership', 'profitable growth', 'Deezer', 'Orange', 'continued', 'France', 'global music streaming service', 'pioneering music streaming experience', 'EVP Consumer Business Orange', 'first-class streaming experience', 'largest telecom provider', '90+ million tracks', 'Stéphane Rougeot', 'winning business relationship', 'successful long-term partnership', 'business excellence', 'long-standing partnership', 'successful journey', 'music quizzes', 'music fans', 'profitable growth', 'two companies', 'unique features', 'French market', 'Deputy CEO', 'common approach', 'core part', 'digital content', 'Laetitia Orsini', 'meaningful experiences', 'special offer', 'new customers', 'fruitful collaboration', 'French people', 'Orange customers', 'coming years', 'Deezer Premium', '10 years', 'continued', 'France', 'decade', 'life', 'Paris', 'DEEZR', 'Euronext', 'access', 'catalog', 'Flow', 'SongCatcher', 'CFO', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'country', 'innovation', 'ambition', 'millions', 'personalized', 'platform', 'renewal', 'June', 'August', '6 months', 'plan', 'ENDS']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28021,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707859/0/en/argenx-to-Report-Half-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Second-Quarter-Business-Update-on-July-27-2023.html,argenx to Report Half Year 2023 Financial Results and Second Quarter Business Update on July 27  2023,July 20  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast…,July 20  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast on Thursday  July 27  2023 at 2:30 pm CET (8:30 am ET) to discuss its half year 2023 financial results and provide a second quarter business update.A webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the presentation.Dial-in numbers:Use the access code 3810049 to join the call. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the live call.Belgium 32 800 50 201France 33 800 943355Netherlands 31 20 795 1090United Kingdom 44 800 358 0970United States 1 888 415 4250Japan 81 3 4578 9081Switzerland 41 43 210 11 32About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit https://www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)ARoy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)LElton@argenx.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Half Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Second Quarter Business Update', 'argenx', 'July', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'second quarter business update', 'half year 2023 financial results', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'one year', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'access code', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'conference call', 'live call', 'audio webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'July', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Thursday', 'replay', 'presentation', 'numbers', '15 minutes', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Japan', 'Switzerland', 'IIP', 'first', 'Israel', 'UK', 'China', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'ARoy', 'LElton', '2:30']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28022,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Invitation-to-a-Special-Shareholders-Meeting-44374017/,Invitation to a Special Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Ghent  BELGIUM   July 20  2023 -- Press release – regulated information Biotalys   an Agricultural Technology company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  has the honor to invite its shareholders  ho…,Ghent  BELGIUM   July 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated informationBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights and all other persons entitled to participate in its shareholders’ meetings  to a special shareholders' meeting that will be held on Monday 21 August 2023 at 10.00 (Belgian time) at the Company’s headquarters.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by mail or by written proxy. Furthermore  the Company recommends its securities holders to exercise their right to ask questions about the agenda items for the shareholders' meeting in writing in advance of the meeting. More information about voting by mail or by written proxy and exercising the right to ask questions can be found in the convening notice.In order to be admitted to the shareholders’ meeting  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the Company’s Articles of Association and meet the requirements outlined in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the shareholders’ meeting can be found on the Company’s website.- ENDS -For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.Attachments,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""Special Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Invitation', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', ""special shareholders' meeting"", 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'subscription rights', 'other persons', 'Monday 21 August', 'Belgian time', 'voting rights', 'agenda items', 'convening notice', 'Belgian Code', 'other documents', 'Investor Relations', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'food protection', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Toon Musschoot', 'securities holders', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'Company', 'AgTech', 'honor', 'headquarters', 'mail', 'written', 'proxy', 'questions', 'writing', 'advance', 'order', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'requirements', 'website', 'ENDS', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Attachments', '00']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28023,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-July-13-ndash-July-19-2023-44376234/,Share Buyback Transaction Details July 13 – July 19  2023,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details July 13 – July 19  2023 July 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 164 778 of its own or…,Share Buyback Transaction Details July 13 – July 19  2023July 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 164 778 of its own ordinary shares in the period from July 13  2023  up to and including July 19  2023  for €18.6 million and at an average share price of €112.95These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 4 333 685 477.3 110.14For the period starting May 4  2023  up to and including July 31  2023  we have engaged a third party to execute €200 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulator  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 500 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'July', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'Further information', 'global leader', 'professional information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'July', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'February', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,500 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28024,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-2CRSi-receives-a-grant-of-1-million-euros-as-part-of-the-France-2030-plan-44382101/,2CRSi SA: 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan.,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: 2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan. 20-Jul-2023 / 18:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely resp…,"Press release2CRSi receives a grant of 1 million euros as part of the 'France 2030' plan.A recognition of 2CRSi's expertise at the service of future embedded AI applications.Strasbourg (France)  July 20  2023 - 2CRSi  a designer and manufacturer of high-performance energy-efficient IT servers  today announced the receipt of a €1 million grant from BPI (French Public Investment Bank) as part of the call for projects ""Technological Maturation and Demonstration of Embedded Artificial Intelligence Solutions"" under France 2030 initiative.This support materializes the French government's intention to back cutting-edge technology players with the objectives of mastering sovereign and secure digital technologies and promoting the national strategy in the field of artificial intelligence.This €2.6 million grant is part of a collaborative project in which 2CRSi aims to develop a modular ""embedded"" system designed to deploy critical applications using artificial intelligence in ""Edge Computing.""“This project opens unprecedented perspectives by placing proximity at the heart of computer networks through real-time AI applications on embedded systems "" comments Alain WILMOUTH  co-founder of 2CRSi. Indeed  while generative AIs (such as the American player Open AI with ChatGPT or the French player IMKI) can operate remotely without response time constraints  embedded applications require fast and efficient responses  adding an additional level of complexity.The development of this modular system is the result of a close collaboration between French industries of all sizes  highlighting the importance of cooperation and innovation within the French technology sector. The financial support from the French government also demonstrates a commitment to technological sovereignty and a desire to spur the “France of Artificial Intelligence”.""This is a significant recognition of 2CRSi's potential  as well as the strategic value of this project for France. Not only is this project promising for the future of AI in France  but it will also create sustainable  high-added value employments  contributing to the dynamism of the economy and the evolution of the country's technology sector "" concludes Alain WILMOUTH.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg in 2005  the 2CRSi group designs  produces and markets bespoke  eco-responsible high-performance IT servers. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013341781) and its shares were transferred to the Euronext Growth regulated market on 25 November 2022.For further information: www.2crsi.comContacts2CRSi",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['1 million euros', ""France 2030' plan"", '2CRSi SA', 'grant', 'part', 'bespoke, eco-responsible high-performance IT servers', 'high-performance energy-efficient IT servers', 'sustainable, high-added value employments', 'French Public Investment Bank', 'Embedded Artificial Intelligence Solutions', 'future embedded AI applications', 'secure digital technologies', 'response time constraints', 'cutting-edge technology players', 'modular ""embedded"" system', 'real-time AI applications', 'French technology sector', 'embedded applications', 'embedded systems', 'modular system', 'strategic value', 'critical applications', 'French government', 'French player', 'French industries', 'Press release', '1 million euros', 'Technological Maturation', 'national strategy', 'Edge Computing', 'unprecedented perspectives', 'computer networks', 'Alain WILMOUTH', 'American player', 'efficient responses', 'additional level', 'close collaboration', 'technological sovereignty', 'ISIN code', '€1 million grant', '€2.6 million grant', 'financial support', 'significant recognition', 'Euronext Growth', ""France 2030' plan"", 'France 2030 initiative', 'collaborative project', '2CRSi group', 'part', 'expertise', 'service', 'Strasbourg', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'receipt', 'BPI', 'call', 'projects', 'Demonstration', 'intention', 'objectives', 'field', 'proximity', 'heart', 'founder', 'AIs', 'ChatGPT', 'IMKI', 'fast', 'complexity', 'development', 'result', 'sizes', 'importance', 'cooperation', 'innovation', 'commitment', 'desire', 'potential', 'dynamism', 'economy', 'evolution', 'country', 'June', 'market', 'Paris', 'shares', '25 November', 'information', 'Contacts2CRSi']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28025,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KINGSPAN-GROUP-PLC-1412393/news/Exodus-from-London-continues-as-Kingspan-shareholders-okay-delisting-44380398/,Exodus from London continues as Kingspan shareholders okay delisting,(marketscreener.com) Kingspan Group PLC said shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting on Thursday overwhelmingly approved the Irish company's delisting from the London Stock Exchange.The Kingscourt  Ireland-based building materials supplier said 98%…,"(Alliance News) - Kingspan Group PLC said shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting on Thursday overwhelmingly approved the Irish company's delisting from the London Stock Exchange.The Kingscourt  Ireland-based building materials supplier said 98% of votes cast at the EGM on Thursday were for the delisting.Kingspan said it expects cancellation of its share from the London Main Market to take place on August 18  with the last day of dealings being on August 17.Kingspan had announced the delisting plan back in April.At the time  it said share dealings on the LSE were ""negligible"" as a percentage of its total trading. Kingspan  which also has American depositary receipts trading in New York  said it remains ""committed"" to its primary listing on the main market of the Euronext Dublin  where the majority of its share trading takes place.Kingspan adds to a growing list of companies lost to the London market this year either from takeovers or delistings.Last month  shareholders of Kingspan compatriot CRH PLC approved the move of the building materials firm's primary listing to New York from London. This will happen around September 25 and will result in CRH being removed from the FTSE 100.Kingspan shares were down 1.8% at EUR70.54 in London on Thursday afternoon.By Tom Waite  Alliance News editorComments and questions to newsroom@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News Ltd. All Rights Reserved.",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.06,True,English,"['Kingspan shareholders', 'Exodus', 'London', 'Ireland-based building materials supplier', 'Kingspan compatriot CRH PLC', 'building materials firm', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'American depositary receipts', 'Kingspan Group PLC', 'Alliance News editor', 'Alliance News Ltd.', 'London Stock Exchange', 'London Main Market', 'London market', 'Irish company', 'The Kingscourt', 'last day', 'total trading', 'New York', 'primary listing', 'Euronext Dublin', 'growing list', 'Tom Waite', 'All Rights', 'Kingspan shares', 'share trading', 'delisting plan', 'Thursday afternoon', 'share dealings', 'shareholders', 'votes', 'EGM', 'cancellation', 'place', 'August', 'April', 'time', 'LSE', 'percentage', 'majority', 'companies', 'takeovers', 'delistings', 'move', 'September', 'FTSE', 'Comments', 'questions', 'newsroom', 'Copyright']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28026,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BE-SEMICONDUCTOR-INDUSTRI-6318/news/BE-Semiconductor-Industries-N-Announces-2023-Second-Quarter-Conference-Call-and-Webcast-Details-44383147/,BE Semiconductor Industries N : Announces 2023 Second Quarter Conference Call and Webcast Details,(marketscreener.com)   Press Releases  20 Jul 2023   BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces 2023 Second Quarter Conference Call and Webcast Details    Duiven  the Netherlands  July 20  2023 - BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.     a leading manufa…,"Press Releases 20 Jul 2023 BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces 2023 Second Quarter Conference Call and Webcast DetailsDuiven  the Netherlands  July 20  2023 - BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (""the Company"" or ""Besi"")  (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  will release its results for the second quarter ended June 30  2023  on Thursday July 27  2023 at 7.00 a.m. CET (1.00 a.m. EDT).A conference call to discuss the Company's 2023 second quarter results will be held on Thursday July 27  2023  at 4.00 pm CET (10.00 am EDT).Interested parties can pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in number and a personal PIN which are required to get access to the conference call. The audio webcast can be accessed via: www.besi.com  where also a replay will be available shortly after the call.To read the full version of our press release  please download the PDF file.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N', '2023 Second Quarter Conference Call', 'Webcast Details', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', '2023 Second Quarter Conference Call', 'Webcast Details Duiven', '2023 second quarter results', 'semiconductor industry', 'audio webcast', 'Press Releases', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leading manufacturer', 'assembly equipment', 'Thursday July', 'Interested parties', 'personal PIN', 'full version', 'PDF file', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'Besi', 'OTC', 'June', 'link', 'number', 'access', 'replay', '7.00', '4.00']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28027,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Voltalia-selected-to-build-a-108-megawatt-solar-farm-44373758/,Voltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farm,(marketscreener.com) Voltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farm Voltalia   an international player in renewable energy  has been chosen by ESB and Bord na Móna as EPC contractor for their solar farm in Ireland. ESB  the semi-state owned utility and …,Voltalia selected to build a 108-megawatt solar farmVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy has been chosen by ESB andBord naMónaas EPC contractorfortheir solar farm in Ireland.ESB  the semi-state owned utility and Bord na Móna  the semi-state climate solutions company  two of Ireland’s leading energy providers  have selected Voltalia for their new solar farm at Timahoe North  Co Kildare. It will be the first large-scale solar project of their joint-venture which aims to deliver up to 500-megawatt solar farms based on Bord na Móna lands.Voltalia has been contracted to carry out the solar farm's Engineering  Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) contract. It is expected that Timahoe North solar farm will be fully operational by the end of 2024  with an installed capacity of 108 megawatts. This is enough energy to power around 61 500 inhabitants  which will support the delivery of more green energy to communities and businesses across the country in line with Ireland’s renewable energy targets for 2030.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  states: “Since the beginning of the year  the expertise of our teams has enabled us to grow in Ireland as service provider. Today  we are delighted to build this new project and to support our local partners  Bord naMónaand ESB.”Next in the agenda: Q2 2023 Turnover  on July 26th 2023 (after market hours)About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['108-megawatt solar farm', 'Voltalia', 'up to 500-megawatt solar farms', 'Bord na Móna lands', 'Bord naMónaand ESB', 'naMónaas EPC contractorfortheir', 'semi-state climate solutions company', 'first large-scale solar project', 'Timahoe North solar farm', 'semi-state owned utility', '108-megawatt solar farm', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'leading energy providers', 'energy efficiency services', 'new solar farm', 'renewable energy targets', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', 'new project', 'enough energy', 'green energy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'Co Kildare', 'installed capacity', 'service provider', 'local partners', 'Q2 2023 Turnover', 'market hours', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'Voltalia', 'Ireland', 'joint-venture', 'Engineering', 'Procurement', 'Construction', 'end', '108 megawatts', '61 500 inhabitants', 'delivery', 'communities', 'businesses', 'country', 'line', 'CEO', 'beginning', 'year', 'expertise', 'teams', 'July', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28028,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMATHEON-AGRI-HOLDING-N-V-12633535/news/Amatheon-Agri-Holding-N-V-Conversion-Of-Parts-Of-The-Convertible-Bond-Of-Up-To-EUR-20-million-44381407/,Amatheon Agri Holding N.V. Conversion Of Parts Of The Convertible Bond Of Up To EUR 20 million,(marketscreener.com) Amatheon Agri Holding N.V. / Key word: BondAmatheon Agri Holding N.V. Conversion Of Parts Of The Convertible Bond Of Up To EUR 20 million 20-Jul-2023 / 17:35 CET/CEST Amatheon Agri Holding N.V. Conver…,"Amatheon Agri Holding N.V. Conversion Of Parts Of The Convertible Bond Of Up To EUR 20 millionNew share capital following conversion of parts of the Convertible Bond of up to EUR 20 million (5%/ 01/2025)Issuance of 1 000 000 new shares as a result of conversion by bondholders in the convertible bond issued on 22 January 2021.Equity increase showing continued investor energy and confidence in the Company.Reference is made to Amatheon Agri Holding N.V.'s (""Amatheon"" or the ""Company"") convertible bond with ISIN DE000A286BY3 (the ""Bonds"") issued on 22 January 2021. The Company has received one conversion notice from a bondholder holding Bonds in the amount of EUR 100 000 (one hundred thousand) which pursuant to the bond terms are convertible into 1 000 000 new shares in the Company at a conversion price of EUR 0.10. Following the conversion  the Company will have outstanding Bonds with a nominal value of EUR 8 850 000.The Company's share capital is increased by EUR 100 000 by issuance of 1 000 000 new shares. The share capital increase pertaining to the conversion of the Bonds shall be registered with The Netherlands Chamber of Commerce (KVK - Kamer van Koophandel). Following such share capital increase  the Company's share capital amounts to EUR 61 087 823.70  divided into 610 878 237shares  each with a nominal value of EUR 0.10. The new shares resulting from the share capital increase are expected to become tradable on the Euronext Paris stock exchange.The conversion is another indication of investor belief in the Company strategy and allows for continued enhancement of projects and plans.Details of the agreed terms and conditions of the Bond can be found on the Company’s website at https://amatheon-agri.com/investor-relations/The Management BoardBerlin  Germany  20 July 2023** *For further information please see the Group's website: https://amatheon-agri.comContact:Max Sturm  CEOAmatheon Agri Holding N.V.Friedrichstrasse 95  10117 Berlin  GermanyTel: +49 30 53 000 90 121Fax: +49 30 53 000 90 20email: investor-relations@amatheon-agri.comAbout Amatheon Agri Holding N.V.:Amatheon Agri is a European agri-food company with headquarters in Berlin and production sites in Sub-Saharan Africa and cooperation with small-scale local farmers (outgrowers). Since its foundation in 2011  Amatheon Agri has established sustainable agricultural value chains from cultivation to product-specific processing and trading processes in Zambia  Uganda  and Zimbabwe. With a combination of international distribution network  incorporated local expertise as well as a sustainable vision for the future  Amatheon Agri has been able to establish itself as a strategically aligned global player in the African agricultural sector.The Shares of Amatheon Agri are listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (ISIN NL0010273694  Symbol MLAAH) and on the Lang & Schwarz Exchange in Germany (Symbol/WKN A1J4XD).The Convertible Bonds of Amatheon Agri are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with ISIN DE000A286BY3 and Symbol/WKN A286BY.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Amatheon Agri Holding N.V. Conversion', 'Convertible Bond', 'Parts', 'Amatheon Agri Holding N.V. Conversion', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'sustainable agricultural value chains', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'bondholder holding Bonds', 'African agricultural sector', 'Kamer van Koophandel', 'international distribution network', 'small-scale local farmers', 'The Netherlands Chamber', 'The Management Board', 'share capital increase', 'one conversion notice', 'European agri-food company', 'New share capital', 'The Convertible Bonds', 'Company"") convertible bond', 'Schwarz Exchange', 'sustainable vision', 'Equity increase', 'nominal value', 'local expertise', '1,000,000 new shares', 'investor energy', 'ISIN DE000A286BY3', 'conversion price', 'outstanding Bonds', 'investor belief', 'Max Sturm', 'production sites', 'Sub-Saharan Africa', 'product-specific processing', 'trading processes', 'global player', 'WKN A1J4XD', 'Symbol/WKN A286BY', 'The Company', 'Company strategy', 'bond terms', 'continued enhancement', 'Symbol MLAAH', 'Parts', 'Issuance', 'result', 'bondholders', '22 January', 'confidence', 'Reference', 'amount', 'Commerce', 'KVK', '610,878,237shares', 'indication', 'projects', 'plans', 'Details', 'conditions', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'Berlin', 'Germany', '20 July', 'further', 'information', 'Group', 'Contact', 'CEO', 'Friedrichstrasse', 'Tel', 'Fax', 'email', 'headquarters', 'cooperation', 'outgrowers', 'foundation', 'cultivation', 'Zambia', 'Uganda', 'Zimbabwe', 'combination', 'future', 'Lang']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28029,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-to-Report-Half-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Second-Quarter-Business-Update-on-July-27-202-44373965/,Argenx to Report Half Year 2023 Financial Results and Second Quarter Business Update on July 27  2023,(marketscreener.com) July 20  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx   a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast on …,July 20  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast on Thursday  July 27  2023 at 2:30 pm CET (8:30 am ET) to discuss its half year 2023 financial results and provide a second quarter business update.A webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the presentation.Dial-in numbers:Use the access code 3810049 to join the call. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the live call.Belgium 32 800 50 201France 33 800 943355Netherlands 31 20 795 1090United Kingdom 44 800 358 0970United States 1 888 415 4250Japan 81 3 4578 9081Switzerland 41 43 210 11 32About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit https://www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)ARoy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)LElton@argenx.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Half Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Second Quarter Business Update', 'Argenx', 'July', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'second quarter business update', 'half year 2023 financial results', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'one year', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'access code', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'conference call', 'live call', 'audio webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'July', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Thursday', 'replay', 'presentation', 'numbers', '15 minutes', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Japan', 'Switzerland', 'IIP', 'first', 'Israel', 'UK', 'China', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'ARoy', 'LElton', '2:30']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28030,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RELATECH-S-P-A-60731451/news/Relatech-Stormshield-new-technological-partner-of-the-Relatech-ecosystem-44377165/,Relatech: Stormshield new technological partner of the Relatech ecosystem,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   RELATECH: STORMSHIELD NEW TECHNOLOGICAL PARTNER   OF THE RELATECH ECOSYSTEM   Stormshield cybersecurity solutions are part of the end-to-end offer of the Relatech Group as a link between IT and OT for the smar…,"PRESS RELEASERELATECH: STORMSHIELD NEW TECHNOLOGICAL PARTNEROF THE RELATECH ECOSYSTEMStormshield cybersecurity solutions are part of the end-to-end offer of the Relatech Group as a link between IT and OT for the smart industry sector and critical infrastructures.Milan  20th of July 2023Relatech S.p.A.  Digital Enabler Solution Know-how (DESK) Company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market (Ticker: RLT)  andStormshield European vendor of reference in the world of cybersecurity owned by the Airbus Groupare pleased to announce the strategicpartnership aimed at offering advanced security solutions in the critical infrastructure sector (utilities  healthcare  public administration) and Intelligent Industry.Stormshield's cybersecurity offer will converge within Relatech's portfolio of services and solutions for the smart industry  enabling even deeper monitoring of the security status of corporate and industrial networks. Specifically  Relatech will implement Stormshield's industrial firewalls in its ReSOCIT security solution and in ReFab  the end to end solution for digitization and complete production control. Through this partnership  Relatech will integrate the Stormshield service suite into its proprietary solutions  further strengthening the protection of industrial equipment from possible cyber-attacks and guaranteeing process continuity by eliminating machine downtime.Relatech supports organizations in identifying critical areas and developing customized strategies to guarantee the security of infrastructures and production environments. Stormshield will provide its advanced and certified solutions at the highest levels in Europe which include perimeter firewalls and a product line dedicated to the protection of industrial environments  IT intrusion prevention systems  advanced encryption and unified threat management (XDR)  offering companies and specifically Smart Industries reliable and complete protection.Silvio Cosoleto COO Relatech  said: ""To date  around 60% of companies globally have experienced cyber incidents  and 41% of affected organizations have had to deal with losses exceeding $500 000  but despite this  almost one in two companies is still in the formative stage of their cybersecurity strategy. We believe it is time to proceed with a radical change that leads to conceiving information security as a priority for all companies. Safeguarding critical infrastructure  industrial networks and IoT devices is our mission. We are happy to collaborate with Stormshield as it allows Relatech to further strengthen its digital Cloud RePlatformplatform  which is enriched with know-how deriving from the ecosystem of",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.24,0.21,True,English,"['new technological partner', 'Relatech ecosystem', 'IT intrusion prevention systems', 'STORMSHIELD NEW TECHNOLOGICAL PARTNER', 'Relatech S.p.A.', 'Digital Enabler Solution Know-how', 'digital Cloud RePlatformplatform', 'unified threat management', 'ReSOCIT security solution', 'complete production control', 'Stormshield service suite', 'PRESS RELEASE RELATECH', 'critical infrastructure sector', 'smart industry sector', 'advanced security solutions', 'Stormshield cybersecurity solutions', 'end solution', 'production environments', 'Smart Industries', 'critical areas', 'security status', 'proprietary solutions', 'certified solutions', 'information security', 'Euronext Growth', 'European vendor', 'Airbus Groupare', 'public administration', 'Intelligent Industry', 'cybersecurity offer', 'deeper monitoring', 'industrial networks', 'industrial firewalls', 'industrial equipment', 'possible cyber-attacks', 'process continuity', 'machine downtime', 'customized strategies', 'highest levels', 'perimeter firewalls', 'product line', 'industrial environments', 'advanced encryption', 'Silvio Cosoleto', 'cyber incidents', 'formative stage', 'cybersecurity strategy', 'radical change', 'IoT devices', 'complete protection', 'Relatech Group', 'COO Relatech', 'critical infrastructures', 'end offer', 'Milan market', 'strategic partnership', 'RELATECH ECOSYSTEM', 'two companies', 'THE', 'link', 'July', 'DESK', 'Company', 'Ticker', 'RLT', 'reference', 'world', 'utilities', 'healthcare', 'portfolio', 'services', 'corporate', 'ReFab', 'digitization', 'organizations', 'XDR', 'reliable', 'date', 'losses', 'priority', 'mission']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28031,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AUBAY-4706/news/Aubay-2023-half-year-revenue-organic-growth-in-line-with-expectations-6-3-44381702/,Aubay :  2023 half year revenue : organic growth in line with expectations: +6.3%,(marketscreener.com)  In € millionQ2 2022Q2* 2023Organic changeH1 2022H1 2023*Organic changeFrance64.968.7+5.9%131.4144.4+9.9%International64.063.2-1.3%127.1130.3+2.6%Total128.9131.9+2.3%258.5274.7+6.3%* Pre-audit figu…,"In € million Q2 2022 Q2* 2023 Organic change H1 2022 H1 2023* Organic change France 64.9 68.7 +5.9% 131.4 144.4 +9.9% International 64.0 63.2 -1.3% 127.1 130.3 +2.6% Total 128.9 131.9 +2.3% 258.5 274.7 +6.3%* Pre-audit figuresAubay reported second-quarter 2023 revenue of €131.9 million  up 2.3% on a like-for-like basis. This trend is broadly in line with the Group's expectations  given the unfavorable calendar effect for second-quarter 2023 with two less billable days than for the same period in 2022 which  as anticipated  had an impact on growth over the quarter. In addition  on a constant billable day basis (five fewer days in second-quarter 2023 vs. first-quarter 2023)  revenue per day remained the same on average over the first half of 2023  confirming the resilience of the business.First-half revenue amounted to €274.7 million  representing organic growth of 6.3%  in line with the Group's objectives. All countries (France  Spain  Portugal  Belgium  Luxembourg) where the group operates recorded solid growth  with the exception of Italy  which continues to be in transition this year. Business has stabilized since end?2022  but remains down vs. the second quarter due to a still high basis of comparison.Our consultants' productivity rate was 92.1%  in line with first-quarter 2023.At June 30  2023  the Group had 7 841 employees compared with 7 442 a year earlier. However  their numbers have fallen slightly vs. first-quarter 2023  due to a persistently tight job market.Sales price increases continued to offset the effects of wage inflation.Against this backdrop  the first-half operating margin is expected to be around 9%.Outlook for 2023The second half of the year is expected to be in line with the first  with demand remaining constant  while returning to normal levels in certain market segments. In this context  the Group is continuing to expand in the buoyant segments of Data and Artificial Intelligence (AI)  with the aim of rapidly growing its market share.The current year's objectives have been confirmed:organic growth of between 5% and 7%  i.e.  annual revenue of between €540 million and €550 million;operating margin from ordinary activities between 9.5% and 10.5%.Aubay's first-half 2023 results will be published on Wednesday  September 13  2023 after the close of trading.GlossaryOrganic revenue growth: this refers to growth calculated for a constant scope of activity for a given period  excluding revenue from companies that were acquired or sold during the period. As Aubay conducts most of its business in the euro zone  any impact from changes in exchange rates is minimal.H1 2023 Organic growth +6.3% Impact of changes in scope 0 Growth as reported +6.3%Operating profit from ordinary activities: this indicator corresponds to operating income before the cost of free shares and other income and expenses that are unusual  significant or infrequent and that are booked separately in order to facilitate understanding of an entity's recurring operating performance.Operating margin from ordinary activities: this indicator  which is expressed as a percentage  is the ratio of operating income from ordinary activities to revenue.Net debt or net cash: this indicator represents the difference between an entity's cash and debt. If the result is negative  it is referred to as net debt. If it is positive  it is referred to as net cash.About AubayAubay is a digital services company working alongside some of the biggest names in the Banking  Finance  Insurance  Manufacturing  Energy  Transport and Telecoms sectors. With 7 841 employees in seven countries (France  Belgium  Luxembourg  Italy  Spain  Portugal and the United Kingdom)  Aubay generated revenue of €513.5 million in 2022.Euronext  Compartment: B - ISIN FR0000063737-AUB - Reuters : AUBT.PA - Bloomberg AUB:FPEuronext Tech LeadersContactsAmaury Dugast – Actus Finance – Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frDavid Fuks – Co-Chief Operating Officer – Finance Department – Tel.: +33 (0)1 46 10 67 67 – E-mail: dfuks@aubay.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nWtwY5lnZ5jIyJ9vl5tta2GUapdmmJPGZZLLmmOaZp3Ja5tkmGmVasiXZnFilW1t- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81087-veng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['2023 half year revenue', 'organic growth', 'Aubay', 'line', 'expectations', 'two less billable days', 'constant billable day basis', 'five fewer days', 'unfavorable calendar effect', ""consultants' productivity rate"", 'Sales price increases', 'next press releases', 'original press release', 'recurring operating performance', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'tight job market', 'digital services company', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'first-half operating margin', 'Organic revenue growth', 'constant scope', 'News release', 'Operating profit', 'operating income', 'high basis', 'market segments', 'market share', 'Organic change', 'Pre-audit figures', 'first half', 'wage inflation', 'second half', 'normal levels', 'buoyant segments', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'ordinary activities', 'euro zone', 'exchange rates', 'free shares', 'other income', 'biggest names', 'Telecoms sectors', 'United Kingdom', 'Bloomberg AUB', 'Amaury Dugast', 'David Fuks', 'First-half revenue', 'organic growth', 'first-half 2023 results', 'solid growth', 'Net debt', 'net cash', 'Finance Department', 'annual revenue', 'second quarter', 'current year', 'seven countries', 'Regulated information', 'same period', 'Actus Finance', 'second-quarter 2023 revenue', '0 Growth', 'France', 'International', 'Aubay', 'trend', 'line', 'Group', 'expectations', 'impact', 'addition', 'first-quarter', 'resilience', 'business', 'objectives', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'exception', 'Italy', 'transition', 'comparison', 'June', '7,841 employees', 'numbers', 'effects', 'backdrop', 'Outlook', 'demand', 'context', 'Data', 'aim', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'close', 'trading', 'Glossary', 'activity', 'companies', 'changes', 'H1', 'indicator', 'cost', 'expenses', 'order', 'understanding', 'entity', 'percentage', 'ratio', 'difference', 'Banking', 'Insurance', 'Manufacturing', 'Energy', 'Transport', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'AUBT', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'adugast', 'mail', 'publication', 'accounts', 'Full', 'PDF', '€', '33 (0)1 46']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28032,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-is-ldquo-Top-Vendor-rdquo-in-Dresner-s-Environmental-Social-and-Governance-Report-44379698/,Wolters Kluwer is “Top Vendor” in Dresner's Environmental  Social  and Governance Reporting (ESG) Market Study,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  has been named a “Top Vendor” in the inaugural “2023 Environmental  Social  and Governance Reporting Market Study”  published by Dresner Advis…,Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  has been named a “Top Vendor” in the inaugural “2023 Environmental  Social  and Governance Reporting (ESG) Market Study”  published by Dresner Advisory Services.The report collates data gathered from users in a variety of roles  throughout multiple industries and analyzes the priorities  current usage  and future intentions of end user organizations.The findings revealed that all the vendors assessed provide a basic level of ESG features  with only a limited number offering the capacity to support ESG standards. The report rated Wolters Kluwer as the leading ESG vendor based on its available combination of ESG features and support for ESG standards.“I am delighted that Wolters Kluwer has once again  emerged as a leader in the ESG space  providing essential connectivity between enterprise performance management capabilities and ESG reporting. I thank Dresner for its recognition  and my colleagues for their continuing hard work and success ” says Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager  Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG)  at Wolters Kluwer. “This is in addition to the capacity to support multiple reporting frameworks  linking ESG narrative reporting with financial disclosures. We are pleased to see further hard evidence of customers’ confidence that our solutions are driving up standards of corporate responsibility  workplace safety  global sustainability  and regulatory compliance across multiple industry sectors.”“ESG considerations are clearly here to stay and  more than that  they are shifting towards the centre of business planning  compliance and risk management ” says Howard Dresner  Founder  and Chief Research Officer of Dresner Advisory Services. “It is essential  therefore  that ESG vendors increasingly factor in the current and future needs of their customers and remain current with demand in the market and the direction of travel of ESG obligations and objectives. We congratulate Wolters Kluwer for their rating at the top of our inaugural ESG market vendor assessment.”About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in Health  Tax and Accounting  Financial Corporate Compliance  Legal & Regulatory  and Corporate Performance & ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.To download a copy please click the link below:https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/expert-insights/esg-market-study-dresnerView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230720013416/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['ESG) Market Study', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Top Vendor', 'Governance Reporting', 'Dresner', 'inaugural ESG market vendor assessment', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'enterprise performance management capabilities', 'leading ESG vendor', 'end user organizations', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'Chief Research Officer', 'deep domain knowledge', 'multiple industry sectors', 'continuing hard work', 'ESG) Market Study', 'multiple reporting frameworks', 'ESG narrative reporting', 'Dresner Advisory Services', 'Financial Corporate Compliance', 'risk management', 'Corporate Performance', 'ESG reporting', 'multiple industries', 'Governance Reporting', 'financial disclosures', 'hard evidence', 'corporate responsibility', 'Howard Dresner', 'ESG features', 'ESG space', 'ESG considerations', 'ESG obligations', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'future intentions', 'basic level', 'limited number', 'available combination', 'essential connectivity', 'General Manager', 'workplace safety', 'global sustainability', 'business planning', 'future needs', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'ESG standards', 'ESG vendors', 'global leader', 'expert solutions', 'current usage', 'regulatory compliance', 'professional information', 'customers’ confidence', 'software solutions', 'data', 'users', 'variety', 'roles', 'priorities', 'findings', 'capacity', 'support', 'recognition', 'colleagues', 'success', 'CP', 'addition', 'centre', 'Founder', 'demand', 'direction', 'travel', 'objectives', 'rating', 'top', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'Health', 'Tax', 'Accounting', 'Legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'copy', 'wolterskluwer', 'expert-insights', 'market-study-dresner', 'businesswire']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28033,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-launches-TeamMate-ESG-44379741/,Wolters Kluwer launches TeamMate+ ESG,(marketscreener.com) Providing easy access to essential ESG reporting standards enables auditors to provide assurance over ESG reportinghttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-launches-TeamMate-ESG-44379741/?utm_m…,Providing easy access to essential ESG reporting standards enables auditors to provide assurance over ESG reportingWolters Kluwer Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) has added ESG standards  tailored to support Internal Audit workflow and practices  to its award-winning  cloud-based TeamMate+ global audit expert solution portfolio.This addition to a core Wolters Kluwer CP & ESG solution comes in a month during which the division celebrates pre-eminent customer recognition and high scores for ESG solutions in both Dresner and Verdantix reports. Meanwhile ESG considerations are increasingly viewed as key business drivers and strategic imperatives  essential to the work of internal auditors.By enabling access to ESG reporting standards and frameworks  such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  EU Taxonomy  and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)  within the TeamMate+ environment  auditors are now able to accelerate ESG audits to lead assurance efforts for corporate ESG reporting.“Our nearly 30-year long relationship with internal audit professionals across industries and regions continues to help us identify the critical needs and capabilities required by our customers ” says Frans Klaassen  Senior Vice President and General Manager  Wolters Kluwer TeamMate. “As businesses invest increasing time and resources on ESG considerations  we can now provide ESG standards in an audit ready format to drive ESG assurance activities. This is where TeamMate+ ESG significantly enhances capabilities.”“The impact of evolving strategic business planning  investor pressure  and rapidly developing regulatory requirements is encouraging organizations worldwide to implement ESG reporting based on a variety of frameworks and standards ” adds Jim Pelletier  Senior Product Manager  Wolters Kluwer TeamMate. “By structuring these complex requirements into an audit-friendly format within TeamMate+  we are jumpstarting the capacity of internal audit teams to execute their ESG assessment and assurance activities.”Please visit our website to learn more about TeamMate+ ESG and the TeamMate+ global expert solution for auditors.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in Health  Tax and Accounting  Financial Corporate Compliance  Legal & Regulatory  and Corporate Performance & ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230720487529/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'TeamMate+ ESG', 'award-winning, cloud-based TeamMate+ global audit expert solution portfolio', 'TeamMate+ global expert solution', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'core Wolters Kluwer CP', 'Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance', 'essential ESG reporting standards', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'Internal Audit workflow', 'internal audit teams', 'pre-eminent customer recognition', 'key business drivers', 'Climate-related Financial Disclosures', '30-year long relationship', 'Senior Vice President', 'Financial Corporate Compliance', 'deep domain knowledge', 'View source version', 'Wolters Kluwer TeamMate', 'strategic business planning', 'Senior Product Manager', 'internal audit professionals', 'corporate ESG reporting', 'ESG solution', 'expert solutions', 'ESG assurance activities', 'global leader', 'TeamMate+ ESG', 'TeamMate+ environment', 'ESG standards', 'strategic imperatives', 'General Manager', 'ESG considerations', 'ESG audits', 'ESG assessment', 'high scores', 'Verdantix reports', 'internal auditors', 'EU Taxonomy', 'Task Force', 'assurance efforts', 'critical needs', 'Frans Klaassen', 'increasing time', 'investor pressure', 'Jim Pelletier', 'complex requirements', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'easy access', 'regulatory requirements', 'audit-friendly format', 'practices', 'addition', 'month', 'division', 'Dresner', 'frameworks', 'GRI', 'SASB', 'TCFD', 'industries', 'regions', 'capabilities', 'customers', 'businesses', 'resources', 'impact', 'organizations', 'variety', 'capacity', 'website', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'services', 'Health', 'Legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28034,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSOS-4663/news/Ipsos-acquires-Omedia-from-Mediametrie-44381697/,Ipsos acquires Omedia from Médiamétrie,(marketscreener.com) Ipsos acquires Omedia from Médiamétrie Expansion in the French speaking African countries Paris  July 20th  2023 - Ipsos is pleased to announce the acquisition of Omedia  a multi-specialist market research company established in Senegal  …,Ipsos acquires Omedia from MédiamétrieExpansion in the French speaking African countriesParis  July20th  2023 - Ipsos is pleased to announce the acquisition of Omedia  a multi-specialist market research company established in Senegal  Ivory Coast and Mali.Omedia is a leading agency in Western Sub-Saharan Africa and performs a large span of marketing research surveys  as well as audience measurement  advertising  editorial and digital monitoring. Its client's portfolio includes international companies (including large French organizations)  institutions  and local clients. Omedia was previously owned by Mediametrie  the leading French media audience measurement company.By investing in Omedia  Ipsos will develop its business  in French speaking African markets  with its existing clients and will leverage robust operational capabilities in the region.Ben Page  Ipsos CEO  said “The acquisition of Omedia is a great opportunity to offer more services to our clients  in countries where we had limited capacities so far. We are happy to welcome more great professionals which will help our development in Africa”.Yannick Carriou  Chairman and CEO of Médiamétrie said “I am delighted that Omedia is joining the Ipsos Group. The team will discover how dynamic and innovative Ipsos is. As Omedia will continue to be Mediametrie's partner of choice in the region  all our clients will benefit from even stronger capabilities”.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Médiamétrie', 'Ipsos', 'Omedia', 'leading French media audience measurement company', 'French speaking African countries', 'French speaking African markets', 'multi-specialist market research company', 'social media monitoring', 'large French organizations', 'largest market research', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'Médiamétrie', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'curious research professionals', 'robust operational capabilities', 'marketing research surveys', 'Western Sub-Saharan Africa', 'leading agency', 'stronger capabilities', 'large span', 'digital monitoring', 'great professionals', 'Ivory Coast', 'international companies', 'Ben Page', 'great opportunity', 'Yannick Carriou', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'local clients', 'existing clients', 'Ipsos Group', 'innovative Ipsos', 'Ipsos CEO', '90 markets', '5,000 clients', 'Omedia', 'Expansion', 'acquisition', 'Senegal', 'Mali', 'advertising', 'editorial', 'portfolio', 'institutions', 'Mediametrie', 'region', 'services', 'capacities', 'development', 'Chairman', 'team', 'partner', 'choice', '20,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28035,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2708480/0/en/Fitch-Ratings-confirmed-BB-credit-rating-with-a-stable-outlook-granted-for-Akropolis-Group.html,Fitch Ratings confirmed BB+ credit rating with a stable outlook granted for Akropolis Group,The international credit rating agency Fitch Ratings re-confirmed the long-term borrowing rating BB+ with a stable outlook  granted to the real property development and management company Akropolis Group  the leader among shopping and entertainment centres in…,English LithuanianThe international credit rating agency Fitch Ratings re-confirmed the long-term borrowing rating BB+ with a stable outlook  granted to the real property development and management company Akropolis Group  the leader among shopping and entertainment centres in the Baltics  for the third year in a row.“The positive assessment from the international credit rating agency confirms that  in spite of challenges faced by the commercial sector in the recent years  Akropolis Group is resilient to the impact of external factors – the Group keeps achieving good financial results and remains a stable and leading participant of the shopping centres market. We aim to continue to be the first choice for our visitors and partners  as well as to further strengthen our positions in the Lithuanian and Latvian market of shopping centres. We hope to continue maintaining a low vacancy rate in the shopping centres we manage and to keep steadily growing the group’s revenue ” comments Nerijus Maknevičius  the CEO and the Chairman of the Board of Akropolis Group.The credit rating agency Fitch Ratings  deciding to keep the same rating  took into account good financial and operational performance of Akropolis Group  leading positions of the shopping centres managed by the Group in the cities where they operate  also a low rate of vacancies in them.Akropolis Group was first rated by the international rating agencies S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings in May 2021. In June this year  the international rating agency S&P Global Ratings also re-confirmed BB+ rating with a stable outlook granted to Akropolis Group.Akropolis Group manages shopping and entertainment centres Akropolis in Vilnius  Klaipėda and Šiauliai  also Akropole Alfa and Akropole Riga in Riga  Latvia.In June 2021  Akropolis Group successfully placed its debut EUR 300 million 5-year bond issue with 2.875% annual interest. The bonds of the Company are listed on Nasdaq Vilnius and Euronext Dublin stock exchanges.Based on the audited consolidated financial data  Akropolis Group earned rental income of EUR 75.1 million last year  and its EBITDA amounted to EUR 71.9 million  which is respectively 31% and 26% more than in 2021.For more information:Dominykas MertinasHead of Marketing and CommunicationsAKROPOLIS GROUP  UAB+370 64027001dominykas.mertinas@akropolis.ltAttachment,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['BB+ credit rating', 'Fitch Ratings', 'stable outlook', 'Akropolis Group', 'debut EUR 300 million 5-year bond issue', 'Euronext Dublin stock exchanges', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'international credit rating agency', 'international rating agency', 'international rating agencies', 'long-term borrowing rating', 'real property development', 'Nerijus Maknevičius', 'low vacancy rate', 'good financial results', 'shopping centres market', 'same rating', 'low rate', 'BB+ rating', 'Fitch Ratings', 'Latvian market', 'financial data', 'entertainment centres', 'third year', 'positive assessment', 'commercial sector', 'recent years', 'external factors', 'leading participant', 'first choice', 'operational performance', 'Klaipėda', 'Akropole Alfa', '2.875% annual interest', 'rental income', 'Dominykas Mertinas', 'stable outlook', 'Akropolis Group', 'English Lithuanian', 'management company', 'leading positions', 'Akropole Riga', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'leader', 'Baltics', 'spite', 'challenges', 'impact', 'visitors', 'partners', 'revenue', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'account', 'cities', 'vacancies', 'May', 'June', 'Šiauliai', 'bonds', 'EBITDA', 'information', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'UAB', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28036,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2708602/0/en/Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Capital-of-the-Company.html,Voting Rights and Shares Capital of the Company,In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers),In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  July 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDateNumber of SharesOutstandingTotal number of voting rights Total voting rights theoretical1Total voting rights exercisable2 June 30  202334 875 872 36 620 017 36 597 899According to the article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code  Nanobiotix will make a new monthly publication of the total number of voting rights and shares comprising Nanobiotix’s capital if those figures differ from the information previously disclosed.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company is leveraging its proprietary nanoparticle platform  including its lead product candidate  radiotherapy activated NBTXR3  to develop a pipeline of therapeutic options designed to enhance local and systemic control of solid tumors with an initial focus on the treatment of head and neck cancers.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter .ContactsNanobiotixNanobiotix CommunicationsBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comNanobiotix Investor RelationsCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFrance – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com___________________1 The total number of theoretical (or “gross”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.2 The total number of exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting (or “net”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended as shares held in treasury by the Company. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the AMF recommendation of July 17  2007.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Shares Capital', 'Company', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'French Commercial Code', 'new monthly publication', 'proprietary nanoparticle platform', 'lead product candidate', 'NANO.PA Website', 'AMF General Regulations', 'gross”) voting rights', 'Total voting rights', 'Nanobiotix Investor Relations', 'therapeutic options', 'ISIN code', 'AMF recommendation', 'Media Relations', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Compartment', 'Total number', 'systemic control', 'solid tumors', 'initial focus', 'neck cancers', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'threshold crossings', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris', 'treatment outcomes', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Nanobiotix Communications', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Nasdaq', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Shares', 'Outstanding', 'theoretical1', 'capital', 'figures', 'information', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'radiotherapy', 'pipeline', 'local', 'head', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'France', 'plgermain', 'lifesciadvisors', 'basis', 'net', 'account', 'treasury', 'order', 'July', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28037,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2708460/0/en/Ipsos-acquires-Omedia-from-M%C3%A9diam%C3%A9trie.html,Ipsos acquires Omedia from Médiamétrie,Ipsos acquires Omedia from Médiamétrie  Expansion in the French speaking African countries  Paris  July 20th  2023 - Ipsos is pleased to announce the......,English FrenchIpsos acquires Omedia from MédiamétrieExpansion in the French speaking African countriesParis  July 20th  2023 - Ipsos is pleased to announce the acquisition of Omedia  a multi-specialist market research company established in Senegal  Ivory Coast and Mali.Omedia is a leading agency in Western Sub-Saharan Africa and performs a large span of marketing research surveys  as well as audience measurement  advertising  editorial and digital monitoring. Its client's portfolio includes international companies (including large French organizations)  institutions  and local clients. Omedia was previously owned by Mediametrie  the leading French media audience measurement company.By investing in Omedia  Ipsos will develop its business  in French speaking African markets  with its existing clients and will leverage robust operational capabilities in the region.Ben Page  Ipsos CEO  said “The acquisition of Omedia is a great opportunity to offer more services to our clients  in countries where we had limited capacities so far. We are happy to welcome more great professionals which will help our development in Africa”.Yannick Carriou  Chairman and CEO of Médiamétrie said “I am delighted that Omedia is joining the Ipsos Group. The team will discover how dynamic and innovative Ipsos is. As Omedia will continue to be Mediametrie's partner of choice in the region  all our clients will benefit from even stronger capabilities”.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Médiamétrie', 'Ipsos', 'Omedia', 'leading French media audience measurement company', 'French speaking African countries', 'French speaking African markets', 'multi-specialist market research company', 'social media monitoring', 'largest market research', 'large French organizations', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'Médiamétrie', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'curious research professionals', 'robust operational capabilities', 'marketing research surveys', 'Western Sub-Saharan Africa', 'leading agency', 'English French', 'stronger capabilities', 'large span', 'digital monitoring', 'great professionals', 'Ivory Coast', 'international companies', 'Ben Page', 'great opportunity', 'Yannick Carriou', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'local clients', 'existing clients', 'Ipsos Group', 'innovative Ipsos', 'Ipsos CEO', '90 markets', '5,000 clients', 'Omedia', 'Expansion', 'acquisition', 'Senegal', 'Mali', 'advertising', 'editorial', 'portfolio', 'institutions', 'Mediametrie', 'region', 'services', 'capacities', 'development', 'Chairman', 'team', 'partner', 'choice', '20,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28038,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/IBIS-Stellantis-and-Saft-Reveal-a-Smarter-More-Efficient-Battery-for-Autos-and-Stationary-Power-44376899/,IBIS: Stellantis and Saft Reveal a Smarter  More Efficient Battery for Autos and Stationary Power,(marketscreener.com) IBIS: Stellantis and Saft Reveal a Smarter  More Efficient Battery for Autos and Stationary Power Intelligent Battery Integrated System is a joint corporate and academic research project in France focused on developing a more efficient an…,"IBIS: Stellantis and Saft Reveal a Smarter  More Efficient Battery for Autos and Stationary PowerIntelligent Battery Integrated System (IBIS) is a joint corporate and academic research project in France focused on developing a more efficient and less expensive energy storage systemIBIS integrates the electric charger and inverter functions into the lithium-ion battery modules replacing them with electronic conversion cards freeing up space in the vehicle and reducing system costThis technology represents a breakthrough for mobile and stationary energy storage and IBIS project team intends to make it commercially available on Stellantis vehicles before the end of this decadeSaclay  France  July 20  2023 - After four years of design  modeling and simulation  a team of 25 people comprised of CNRS (French National Centre for Scientific Research)  Stellantis and Saft engineers and researchers today unveiled an innovative prototype of an energy storage battery that integrates the inverter and charger functions. Integrating the inverter and charger functions creates a battery that is more efficient  which enhances the battery electric vehicle range and is more reliable and less costly. It also frees up room in the vehicle.The collaborative research project is known as the Intelligent Battery Integrated System (IBIS). A demonstrator  operational since summer 2022  is the subject of numerous patents and marks a major break from electrical energy conversion systems currently used. The project has made it possible to validate many new technical concepts and master their control and operation in preparation for automotive or stationary applications.In the field of electromobility  the IBIS project is about to produce a real paradigm shift in the design of electric powertrains.With IBIS  the electronic conversion boards that perform the power inverter and charger functions are mounted as close as possible to the lithium-ion battery cells. A sophisticated control system enables alternating current for an electric motor to be produced directly from the battery.The IBIS project partners are now focused on building a fully functional prototype vehicle that will be tested on Stellantis development benches and test tracks as well as on open roads. The IBIS project team intends to make this technology available on Stellantis brand vehicles before the end of this decade.“Our journey to electrification is fueled by innovation and research excellence that uses the latest technology to address the real needs of our EV customers such as range  roominess and affordability while reducing carbon footprint by improving efficiency ” said Ned Curic  Stellantis Chief Engineering & Technology Officer. “This revolutionary battery system could mark a decisive step in Stellantis’ commitment to provide useful  easy and advanced technology to all.”By developing an efficient and cost-competitive technology  the IBIS project offers the opportunity to reduce vehicle weight and the cost of EV powertrain and vehicle manufacturing  while offering a large number of new features.In the field of stationary energy storage and renewable energy integration  project partner Saft will be able to offer turnkey installations with improved battery availability  optimized use of installed energy and a smaller footprint. The intrinsic architecture of the IBIS battery will simplify the maintenance and upgrade of the facility and reduce the site’s carbon footprint.The combination of battery solutions used for electric vehicles  and stationary storage enhances the competitiveness of the two offerings thanks to the volume effects on growing markets.“Saft has been at the heart of industrial battery innovation for over 100 years. As pioneers in this cutting-edge field  our researchers are able to carry out research programs like IBIS over the long term. We are delighted to have this collaboration with other recognized partners in this field of expertise  on this innovative project aimed at revolutionizing electric mobility and stationary energy storage ” said Cedric Duclos  Saft Chief Executive Officer.The IBIS project is funded by the Future Investment Plan  administered by ADEME (the Environment and Energy Management Agency) and coordinated by Stellantis. It brings together industrial partners Saft (TotalEnergies Group)  E2CAD and Sherpa Engineering  as well as CNRS research laboratories1 (GeePs  SATIE  LEPMI) and Institut Lafayette.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.About SaftSaft specializes in advanced technology battery solutions for industry  from the design and development to the production  customization  and service provision. For more than 100 years  Saft’s longer-lasting batteries and systems have provided critical safety applications  back-up power and propulsion for our customers. Our innovative  safe  and reliable technology delivers high performance on land  at sea  in the air and in space. Saft is powering industry and smarter cities  while providing critical back-up functionality in remote and harsh environments from the Arctic Circle to the Sahara Desert. Saft is a wholly owned subsidiary of TotalEnergies  a broad energy company that produces and markets energies on a global scale: oil and biofuels  natural gas and green gases  renewables and electricity. #WeEnergizeTheWorldAbout CNRSThe French National Center for Scientific Research is one of the most recognised and renowned public research institutions in the world. For more than 80 years  it has continued to attract talent at the highest level and to nurture multi-disciplinary and interdisciplinary research projects at the national  European and international levels. Geared towards the public interest  it contributes to the scientific  economic  social and cultural progress of France. The CNRS is above all 33 000 women and men  more than 1 000 laboratories in partnership with universities and other higher education institutions bringing together more than 120 000 employees and 200 professions that advance knowledge by exploring the living world  matter  the Universe  and the functioning of human societies. The CNRS ensures that this mission is carried out in compliance with ethical rules and with a commitment to professional equality. The close relationship it establishes between its research missions and the transfer of acquired knowledge to the public makes it today a key player in innovation in France and around the world. Partnerships with companies are at the heart of its technology transfer policy  and the start-ups that have emerged from CNRS laboratories bear witness to the economic potential of its research. The CNRS provides also access to research findings and data  and this sharing of knowledge targets many audiences: scientific communities  the media  decision-makers  economic players and the general public. For more information: www.cnrs.fr/enContacts:Jean-Charles LEFEBVRE + 33 6 19 34 73 30 – j.c.lefebvre@stellantis.comValérie GILLOT + 33 6 83 92 92 96 – valerie.gillot@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.com/fr1 “Laboratory of Electrical and Electronic Engineering of Paris"" (Geeps  CNRS/Centrale Supélec/SU/Université Paris-Saclay); ""Laboratory of Information and Energy Technologies Systems and Applications"" (Satie  CNRS/CNAM/CY/ENS Paris-Saclay/Université Paris-Saclay)Laboratory of Electrochemistry and Physicochemistry of Materials and Interfaces"" (Lepmi  CNRS/UGA/Université Savoie Mont-Blanc).Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Smarter, More Efficient Battery', 'Stationary Power', 'IBIS', 'Stellantis', 'Saft', 'Autos', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'less expensive energy storage system', 'many new technical concepts', 'electrical energy conversion systems', 'Intelligent Battery Integrated System', 'Smarter, More Efficient Battery', 'Saft Chief Executive Officer', 'The IBIS project partners', 'The IBIS project team', 'battery electric vehicle range', 'electronic conversion cards', 'electronic conversion boards', 'revolutionary battery system', 'renewable energy integration', 'Energy Management Agency', 'energy storage battery', 'French National Centre', 'other recognized partners', 'Future Investment Plan', 'lithium-ion battery modules', 'lithium-ion battery cells', 'stationary energy storage', 'real paradigm shift', 'sophisticated control system', 'academic research project', 'collaborative research project', 'Stellantis development benches', 'Stellantis Chief Engineering', 'project partner Saft', 'functional prototype vehicle', 'CNRS research laboratories1', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Stellantis brand vehicles', 'industrial battery innovation', 'stationary storage', 'industrial partners', 'electric mobility', 'system cost', 'new features', 'mobility provider', 'battery availability', 'IBIS battery', 'battery solutions', 'innovative project', 'Technology Officer', 'electric vehicles', 'Scientific Research', 'innovative prototype', 'stationary applications', 'research excellence', 'real needs', 'research programs', 'Sherpa Engineering', 'Citroën', 'electric charger', 'Stellantis vehicles', 'electric powertrains', 'electric motor', 'Saft Reveal', 'Saft engineers', 'vehicle weight', 'vehicle manufacturing', 'Stationary Power', 'joint corporate', 'charger functions', 'numerous patents', 'major break', 'test tracks', 'open roads', 'carbon footprint', 'Ned Curic', 'decisive step', 'Stellantis’ commitment', 'useful, easy', 'EV powertrain', 'large number', 'turnkey installations', 'optimized use', 'smaller footprint', 'intrinsic architecture', 'two offerings', 'volume effects', 'growing markets', 'long term', 'Cedric Duclos', 'TotalEnergies Group', 'Institut Lafayette', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'latest technology', 'advanced technology', 'cost-competitive technology', 'four years', 'EV customers', 'inverter functions', 'cutting-edge field', '100 years', 'Autos', 'France', 'space', 'breakthrough', 'end', 'decade', 'Saclay', 'design', 'modeling', 'simulation', '25 people', 'researchers', 'room', 'demonstrator', 'summer', 'subject', 'operation', 'preparation', 'automotive', 'electromobility', 'current', 'journey', 'electrification', 'affordability', 'efficiency', 'opportunity', 'maintenance', 'upgrade', 'facility', 'site', 'combination', 'competitiveness', 'heart', 'pioneers', 'collaboration', 'expertise', 'ADEME', 'Environment', 'E2CAD', 'GeePs', 'SATIE', 'LEPMI', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28039,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Confirmation-of-growth-at-the-end-of-the-3rd-quarter-2022-2023-44374186/,Vente-unique.com :  Confirmation of growth at the end of the 3rd quarter 2022-2023,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseGross merchandise volume : up 14.8% over 9 months  thanks to the ramp-up of the marketplace.Group consolidated revenues up 10.7%  thanks to the successful integration of the logistics business.E-commerce revenues up by…,"Press releaseGross merchandise volume : up 14.8% over 9 months  thanks to the ramp-up of the marketplace.Group consolidated revenues up 10.7%  thanks to the successful integration of the logistics business.E-commerce revenues up by 5.6%  thanks to two consecutive quarters of growth.20 July 2023. Vente-unique.com  an expert in online slaes of furniture and home furnishings in Europe  announces its unaudited revenues figures for the first 9 months of the 2022-2023 financial year (period from 1er October 2022 to 30 June 2023).IFRS (in K€) 9M 2021-2022 9M 2022-2023 Variation Gross merchandise volume[1] 127 690 146 570 +14.8% Revenues 107 423 118 913 +10.7% E-commerce[2] 107 423 113 399 +5.6% Logistics[3] - 5 514 NSThe Group continues to post double-digit growth in Gross merchandise volume (up 14.8% to €146.6m)  driven by a confirmed return to growth in e-commerce  the successful ramp-up of the marketplace currently being rolled out across Europe  and the integration of logistics activities from 1er October 2022.Progressive roll-out of the marketplace in EuropeIFRS (in K€) 9M 2021-2022 9M 2022-2023 Variation E-commerce revenues[4] 107 423 113 399 +5.6% France 56 982 59 660 +4.7% Northern and Eastern Europe[5] 33 611 37 800 +12.5% Southern Europe[6] 16 830 15 938 -5.3%Vente-unique.com posted consolidated revenues  including commissions generated by the marketplace and B2B logistics services  of €118.9m at the end of the first 9 months of 2022-2023  an increase of 10.7%. Logistics services  which have been included since 1er October 2022  accounted for €5.5m over the first 9 months of the year.E-commerce revenues  including commissions generated by the marketplace  came to €113.4m at the end of the first 9 months of 2022-2023  representing growth of 5.6%. Changes in France and Southern Europe are not very representative in the short term  since the Sales periods have been shifted from one year to the next (starting in France on 28 June  compared with 22 June in 2022)  while Northern and Eastern Europe has confirmed its role as a driving force.The e-commerce business is being driven by the growing success of the marketplace  which accounted for 13% of[7] e-commerce Gross merchandise volume in France in June 2023 (up 3 points in 1 quarter) and is off to a very satisfactory start in Spain and Italy (6% after 1 full quarter of activity). The roll-out is proceeding according to plan  with the opening of Germany in June and expansion into Belgium and Switzerland in the autumn.Confirmation of annual outlookBuoyed by this sales momentum  Vente-unique.com confirms its gradual return to growth over the year  with the 4ème quarter well underway. The Group is also reiterating its target of an adjusted Ebitda margin[8] higher than that achieved in the 2021-2022 financial year (5.8% of revenues).Next meeting: revenues for the 2022-2023 financial year  Thursday 9 November 2023For more information: bourse.vente-unique.comAbout Vente-unique.comCreated in 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth - ALVU)  a subsidiary of the CAFOM Group (Euronext - CAFO)  is an expert in online revenues of furniture and home furnishings in Europe. The company covers 11 countries (France  Germany  Austria  Belgium  Spain  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Poland  Portugal and Switzerland) and has supplied over 2.3 million customers since its launch. In 2022  Vente-unique.com generated revenues of €143m.ACTUS finance & communication Jérôme Fabreguettes-Leib Déborah Schwartz Investor Relations Press Relations vente-unique@actus.fr dschwartz@actus.fr +33 1 53 67 36 78 +33 1 53 67 36 35IFRS (in K€) T1 2021-2022 T1 2022-2023 Variation Gross merchandise volume 44 738 46 968 +5.0% Revenues 37 621 38 754 +3.0% E-commerce 37 621 36 809 -2.2% Logistics - 1 945 -IFRS (in K€) T2 2021-2022 T2 2022-2023 Variation Gross merchandise volume 42 051 52 022 +23.7% Revenues 35 368 42 274 +19.5% E-commerce 35 368 40 374 +14.2% Logistics - 1 899 NSIFRS (in K€) T3 2021-2022 T3 2022-2023 Variation Gross merchandise volume 40 902 47 579 +16.3% Revenues 34 434 37 886 +10.0% E-commerce 34 434 36 216 +5.2% Logistics - 1 670 NS[1] Gross value  including taxes  of products and services sold  including direct product sales recognised at the date of shipment  marketplace sales recognised at the order confirmation date and other invoiced services and revenues[2] Direct product sales + marketplace fees[3] BtoB logistics services invoiced by the new subsidiary resulting from the acquisition of the Distri Service business on 1 October 2022[4] Direct product sales + marketplace fees[5] Austria + Belgium + Germany + Luxembourg + Netherlands + Poland + Switzerland[6] Italy + Portugal + Spain[7] Gross value  including taxes  of products and services sold  including direct product sales recognised at the date of shipment  marketplace sales recognised at the order confirmation date  but excluding other services and income invoiced.[8] Adjusted EBITDA = earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation + valuation of bonus sharesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: x2xtlsVpY5fGmGpraJeYmpVsaWaXlZWam2KZmGpuZZicbW2VyGZqmZrHZnFilWtq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- Third quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81064-vu_cp_ca_t3_2022-2023_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['3rd quarter', 'Confirmation', 'growth', 'end', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes-Leib Déborah Schwartz Investor Relations Press Relations', 'two consecutive quarters', 'Gross merchandise volume', 'Press release', 'direct product sales', 'Distri Service business', '2022-2023 financial year', '4ème quarter', '2021-2022 financial year', 'other invoiced services', 'unaudited revenues figures', 'order confirmation date', 'B2B logistics services', 'BtoB logistics services', 'Gross value', 'other services', 'Sales periods', 'sales momentum', 'one year', 'logistics business', 'online slaes', 'home furnishings', 'successful ramp-up', 'short term', 'driving force', 'growing success', 'satisfactory start', 'annual outlook', 'Next meeting', '2.3 million customers', 'bonus shares', 'marketplace sales', 'first 9 months', 'logistics activities', 'e-commerce business', '1er October', 'The Group', 'CAFOM Group', '1 full quarter', 'successful integration', 'Progressive roll-out', 'Eastern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'Vente-unique.com', 'gradual return', 'Ebitda margin', 'ACTUS finance', 'new subsidiary', 'consolidated revenues', 'online revenues', 'marketplace fees', 'double-digit growth', 'E-commerce revenues', 'Euronext Growth', '1 October', '1 quarter', 'July', 'expert', 'furniture', '30 June', 'IFRS', 'K€', 'Variation', 'France', 'Northern', 'commissions', 'end', 'increase', 'Changes', '28 June', '22 June', 'role', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'activity', 'plan', 'opening', 'Germany', 'expansion', 'Belgium', 'Switzerland', 'autumn', 'target', 'Thursday', 'information', 'ALVU', 'company', '11 countries', 'Austria', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'launch', 'communication', 'taxes', 'products', 'shipment', 'acquisition', 'income', 'earnings', 'interest', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'public']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28040,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAM-INVESTMENTS-SPAC-B-V-124844122/news/VAM-Investments-SPAC-B-Press-Release-ndash-Tender-Offer-Buyback-44374473/,VAM Investments SPAC B : Press Release – Tender Offer Buyback,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Public disclosure of inside information in accordance with article 17 of the Regulation No 596/2014 on market abuse .   VAM Investments SPAC B.V. Share Code: VAM   ISIN: NL0015000G40   Warrant Code: VAMW …,"PRESS RELEASEPublic disclosure of inside information in accordance with article 17(1) of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation).VAM Investments SPAC B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) (Registration number: 82465207) Share Code: VAMISIN: NL0015000G40Warrant Code: VAMWISIN: NL0015000G32VAM Investments SPAC B.V. announces the preliminary results of its Tender Offer BuybackMilan  20 July 2023Today  VAM Investments SPAC B.V. (the ""Company"")  a special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces the preliminary results of its repurchase procedure to allow ordinary shareholders to tender some or all of their ordinary shares for repurchase (the ""Tender Offer Buyback"").Based on a preliminary assessment by the Company  17 937 646 ordinary shares have been tendered for repurchase by the Company under the Tender Offer Buyback. This number represents 85.28% of the Company's issued and outstanding ordinary shares. As stated in its shareholder circular of 9 June 2023 (the ""Circular"")  it is a condition precedent for participation in the Tender Offer Buyback that ordinary shareholders submit duly completed tax form(s). As the Company is still in the process of assessing the tax forms it has received  it will make a further announcement of the final results of the Tender Offer Buyback in due course.As detailed in the Circular  repurchase of the ordinary shares tendered under the Tender Offer Buyback is subject to the Company's shareholders approving the extension transaction resolutions (including the extension of the business combination deadline and the Tender Offer Buyback) at the Company's extraordinary general meeting of shareholders scheduled for 21 July 2023 and to the Company's board of directors finally resolving to pursue the extension transaction.Further information on the extension transaction and the related resolutions is provided in the Circular  which is available on the Company's website at www.vaminvestments-spac.com/investor-relations.ENQUIRIESCarlo Di Biagio - carlo.dibiagio@vaminvestments-spac.com- +39 02 841 388 00IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONTHIS PRESS RELEASE MAY INCLUDE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  WHICH ARE BASED ON THE COMPANY'S CURRENT EXPECTATIONS AND PROJECTIONS ABOUT FUTURE EVENTS AND SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE HEREOF. BY THEIR NATURE  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS  UNCERTAINTIES  ASSUMPTIONS AND OTHER FACTORS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['VAM Investments SPAC B', 'Tender Offer Buyback', 'Press Release', 'VAM Investments SPAC B.V.', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'Tender Offer Buyback', 'business combination deadline', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'Carlo Di Biagio', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'extension transaction resolutions', 'VAM ISIN', 'related resolutions', '17,937,646 ordinary shares', 'inside information', 'Further information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Public disclosure', 'Share Code', 'Warrant Code', 'VAMW ISIN', 'preliminary results', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'preliminary assessment', 'condition precedent', 'tax form', 'final results', 'due course', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'CURRENT EXPECTATIONS', 'FUTURE EVENTS', 'DATE HEREOF', 'UNKNOWN RISKS', 'OTHER FACTORS', 'ordinary shareholders', 'Registration number', 'repurchase procedure', 'shareholder circular', 'article', 'Netherlands', 'Milan', '20 July', '9 June', 'participation', 'process', 'announcement', '21 July', 'board', 'directors', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'ENQUIRIES', 'dibiagio', 'vaminvestments', 'SPEAK', 'NATURE', 'UNCERTAINTIES', 'ASSUMPTIONS']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28041,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CHARWOOD-ENERGY-139989539/news/Charwood-Energy-Charwood-Energy-joins-the-3rd-promotion-of-the-Africa-Accelerator-under-the-aegis-o-44381519/,Charwood Energy: Charwood Energy joins the 3rd promotion of the Africa Accelerator under the aegis of Bpifrance and Business France,"(marketscreener.com) Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance. For more information  visit https://charwood.energy/investisseurs/    Contacts  CHARWOOD ENERGY investisseur@charwood.energy +33…","Press releaseSaint-Nolff  20 July 2023Charwood Energy joins the 3rd promotion of the Africa Accelerator under the aegis of Bpifrance and Business France12-month support to help Charwood Energy to achieve its development ambitions on a high-potential continentCharwood Energy (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE)  a French specialist in customised biomass energy solutions  announces joining the 3rd promotion of the Africa Accelerator  a support program designed to accelerate the development and partnerships of SMEs on the African continent.The Africa Accelerator  launched by Bpifrance in partnership with Business France and Team France Export  brings together the best public and private players to support SMEs and ETIs in the promotion and offer them a comprehensive program focused on the commercial development of their business in sub-Saharan Africa. The African continent is a major growth driver  with a demographic explosion that predicts a population of 2 billion by 2050  opening new market opportunities for French company’s export.The 3rd promotion of this program focuses on export and international business as a cross-functional component within the company  identified as a priority and strategic subject.Adrien Haller  Founder and CEO of Charwood Energy  says:""We are delighted to be part of this 3rd promotion of the Africa Accelerator  which will support our strong ambitions on the African continent. This program is designed to capitalize on our unique know-how in proposing tailor-made solutions for the decarbonized conversion of biomass into energy in a region where the needs are particularly high. ""The Africa Accelerator program integrates companies with a successful first experience on the African continent or confirmed internationalization. In 2022  Charwood Energy demonstrated its ability to deploy large-scale projects on behalf of third parties with the installation and commissioning of its first pyrogasification unit  and the deployment of a cogeneration plant in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) as part of the European FORETS development project.About Charwood EnergyConvinced that biomass is a key response to the challenges of the energy transition  Charwood Energy designs  installs and maintains tailored solutions for the production of biomass renewable energy.Charwood Energy has a wealth of technical know-how and expertise in all biomass recovery technologies - heating and heating networks  methanisation and pyrogasification.Positioned since 2019 in the promising area of pyrogasification technology  Charwood Energy is now also involved in the development and operation of proprietary pyrogasification units aiming to produce and sell green gas (syngaz)  biochar and carbon credits to industrial customers under direct purchasing contracts.The company is listed on Euronext Growth® Paris (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information  visit https://charwood.energy/investisseurs/Contacts",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Charwood Energy', '3rd promotion', 'Africa Accelerator', 'Business France', 'aegis', 'Bpifrance', 'PEA PME equity savings plans', 'European FORETS development project', 'The Africa Accelerator program', 'major growth driver', 'new market opportunities', 'successful first experience', 'direct purchasing contracts', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'first pyrogasification unit', 'proprietary pyrogasification units', 'biomass recovery technologies', 'The African continent', 'Team France Export', 'biomass energy solutions', 'sub-Saharan Africa', 'tailor-made solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'pyrogasification technology', 'high-potential continent', 'Business France', 'Press release', '12-month support', 'development ambitions', 'French specialist', 'support program', 'best public', 'private players', 'comprehensive program', 'commercial development', 'demographic explosion', 'cross-functional component', 'strategic subject', 'Adrien Haller', 'strong ambitions', 'unique know-how', 'decarbonized conversion', 'large-scale projects', 'third parties', 'cogeneration plant', 'Democratic Republic', 'key response', 'technical know-how', 'promising area', 'green gas', 'carbon credits', 'industrial customers', 'energy transition', 'renewable energy', 'Charwood Energy', '3rd promotion', 'international business', 'French company', 'heating networks', 'Innovative Company', 'Saint-Nolff', '20 July', 'aegis', 'Bpifrance', 'ticker', 'ALCWE', 'partnerships', 'SMEs', 'ETIs', 'population', 'priority', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'region', 'needs', 'companies', 'internationalization', 'ability', 'behalf', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'deployment', 'Congo', 'DRC', 'challenges', 'production', 'wealth', 'expertise', 'methanisation', 'operation', 'syngaz', 'biochar', 'information', 'investisseurs', 'Contacts']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28042,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CTT-CORREIOS-DE-PORTUGAL-15132607/news/CTT-Correios-de-Portugal-S-A-informs-about-interim-report-on-the-transactions-carried-out-in-the-c-44381971/,CTT Correios de Portugal S A : informs about interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back program,(marketscreener.com)    CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.   Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOA   Lisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568   Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00   Announcement - Lisbon  20 July 2023 ...h…,"CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOALisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00Announcement - Lisbon  20 July 2023Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back programCTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A. (""CTT"" or ""Company"") hereby informs that in the period from 14 to 20 July 2023 (inclusive) Banco BPI  S.A. has acquired 88 844 shares representing CTT's share capital  under the share buy-back program (""Buy-back Program"") and as the financial intermediary in charge of the execution of said program  in Euronext Lisbon regulated market  as detailed in the table below (aggregated information):ISIN Code: PTCTT0AM0001Date of the Aggregated Weighted % Session's Total % Share transaction Volume (shares) Average Price (€) Volume Capital 14-07-2023 9 220 3.5989 7.87% 0.01% 17-07-2023 8 000 3.5887 7.33% 0.01% 18-07-2023 26 080 3.6110 7.06% 0.02% 19-07-2023 22 544 3.6238 8.67% 0.02% 20-07-2023 23 000 3.6747 7.84% 0.02%On 20 July 2023  as a result of the transactions indicated herein  the Company held an aggregated total of 1 734 950 own shares  representing 1.21% of its share capital. Further detailed information on all transactions carried out under the Buy-back Program  in the period from 14 to 20 July 2023 (inclusive)  may be found in the tables attached hereto as Annexes 1 to 5.As disclosed to the market in due time  on 26 June 2023  CTT started trading in the context of the Buy-back Program  pursuant to the terms and limitations set forth in (i) the resolution adopted under item 9 of the Agenda of the 2023 General Shareholders' Meeting of CTT granting authorization for the acquisition and transfer of own shares by the Company and its subsidiaries  as set forth in such shareholders' resolution and subject to a decision of the Company's Board of Directors  and (ii) the resolution of the Board of Directors of CTT  of 21 June 2023  under which a share buy-back program was approved  the main terms and conditions of which may be found in the announcement regarding the start of trading within the Buy-back Program disclosed to the market on 21 June 2023.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'CTT Correios', 'interim report', 'Portugal', 'transactions', 'context', 'Total % Share transaction Volume', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'Av. dos Combatentes', 'Lisbon commercial registry', ""2023 General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'share buy-back program', 'Volume Capital', 'aggregated total', 'Share Capital', '14th Floor', 'Interim report', 'S.A.', 'Banco BPI', 'financial intermediary', 'ISIN Code', 'Weighted % Session', 'Average Price', 'due time', ""shareholders' resolution"", 'Correios de', 'detailed information', 'main terms', 'CTT', 'Portugal', 'fiscal', 'Announcement', 'transactions', 'context', 'Company', 'period', '20 July', '88,844 shares', 'charge', 'execution', 'table', 'Date', 'result', 'Further', 'Annexes', '26 June', 'limitations', 'item', 'Agenda', 'authorization', 'acquisition', 'transfer', 'subsidiaries', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', '21 June', 'conditions', 'start', 'trading', '73', '50']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28043,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CTT-CORREIOS-DE-PORTUGAL-15132607/news/CTT-Correios-de-Portugal-S-A-Interim-report-on-the-transactions-carried-out-in-the-context-of-the-44381969/,CTT Correios de Portugal S A : Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back program,(marketscreener.com)    CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.   Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOA   Lisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568   Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00   Announcement - Lisbon  20 July 2023 ...h…,"CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOALisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00Announcement - Lisbon  20 July 2023Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back programCTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A. (""CTT"" or ""Company"") hereby informs that in the period from 14 to 20 July 2023 (inclusive) Banco BPI  S.A. has acquired 88 844 shares representing CTT's share capital  under the share buy-back program (""Buy-back Program"") and as the financial intermediary in charge of the execution of said program  in Euronext Lisbon regulated market  as detailed in the table below (aggregated information):ISIN Code: PTCTT0AM0001Date of the Aggregated Weighted % Session's Total % Share transaction Volume (shares) Average Price (€) Volume Capital 14-07-2023 9 220 3.5989 7.87% 0.01% 17-07-2023 8 000 3.5887 7.33% 0.01% 18-07-2023 26 080 3.6110 7.06% 0.02% 19-07-2023 22 544 3.6238 8.67% 0.02% 20-07-2023 23 000 3.6747 7.84% 0.02%On 20 July 2023  as a result of the transactions indicated herein  the Company held an aggregated total of 1 734 950 own shares  representing 1.21% of its share capital. Further detailed information on all transactions carried out under the Buy-back Program  in the period from 14 to 20 July 2023 (inclusive)  may be found in the tables attached hereto as Annexes 1 to 5.As disclosed to the market in due time  on 26 June 2023  CTT started trading in the context of the Buy-back Program  pursuant to the terms and limitations set forth in (i) the resolution adopted under item 9 of the Agenda of the 2023 General Shareholders' Meeting of CTT granting authorization for the acquisition and transfer of own shares by the Company and its subsidiaries  as set forth in such shareholders' resolution and subject to a decision of the Company's Board of Directors  and (ii) the resolution of the Board of Directors of CTT  of 21 June 2023  under which a share buy-back program was approved  the main terms and conditions of which may be found in the announcement regarding the start of trading within the Buy-back Program disclosed to the market on 21 June 2023.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'CTT Correios', 'Interim report', 'Portugal', 'transactions', 'context', 'Total % Share transaction Volume', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'Av. dos Combatentes', 'Lisbon commercial registry', ""2023 General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'share buy-back program', 'Volume Capital', 'aggregated total', 'Share Capital', '14th Floor', 'Interim report', 'S.A.', 'Banco BPI', 'financial intermediary', 'ISIN Code', 'Weighted % Session', 'Average Price', 'due time', ""shareholders' resolution"", 'Correios de', 'detailed information', 'main terms', 'CTT', 'Portugal', 'fiscal', 'Announcement', 'transactions', 'context', 'Company', 'period', '20 July', '88,844 shares', 'charge', 'execution', 'table', 'Date', 'result', 'Further', 'Annexes', '26 June', 'limitations', 'item', 'Agenda', 'authorization', 'acquisition', 'transfer', 'subsidiaries', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', '21 June', 'conditions', 'start', 'trading', '73', '50']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28044,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/07/20/kingspan-shareholders-overwhelmingly-back-plan-for-london-market-delisting/,Kingspan shareholders overwelmingly back plan to delist from London stock exchange,CRH and Flutter have also recently reviewed where their shares are traded,Kingspan chief executive Gene Murtagh: the company said less than 2% of average trading volume in its stock in the 12 months to June had been conducted on the London Stock Exchange. Photograph: Alan Betson/The Irish TimesShareholders in Kingspan have overwhelmingly backed a plan by the insulation manufacturer to drop its London Stock Exchange listing due to low share trading volumes through that bourse.Some 98.4 per cent of shareholders who participated in a vote on the matter at an extraordinary general meeting (egm) on Thursday cast ballots in favour of the company’s plan to delist from the London Stock Exchange.[ Kingspan ‘committed to Dublin listing’ as it plots London Stock Exchange exit ]The Cavan-based group will maintain the primary listing of its shares on the main market of Euronext Dublin. The shares will also remain tradable on other European exchanges  such as CBOE Europe.Kingspan  led by chief executive Gene Murtagh  said in a circular in advance of the egm that less than 2 per cent of the average volume of trading in its stock in the 12 months to June had been conducted on the London Stock Exchange.READ MORE“In that context  the cost and the legal and regulatory burden associated with maintaining admission of the ordinary shares to trading on the London Stock Exchange is  in the board’s opinion  disproportionate to the benefits to the company and its shareholders ” it said in the circular.The expected last day of trade for Kingspan shares in London will be Thursday August 17th.Kingspan is among a small group of large Irish companies that have this year reviewed where their shares are traded. Building materials giant CRH is on track to drop its Euronext Dublin listing in September as part of a plan that will see it move its main listing from London to New York. Its shares will continue to be tradable in London.Flutter Entertainment  parent company of bookmakers Paddy Power  secured backing in April for a plan to take out a listing on the New York Stock Exchange  in addition to its quotations in Dublin and London.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['London stock exchange', 'Kingspan shareholders', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'low share trading volumes', 'chief executive Gene Murtagh', 'London Stock Exchange exit', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange listing', 'The Irish Times', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'other European exchanges', 'large Irish companies', 'Kingspan chief executive', 'The Cavan-based group', 'average trading volume', 'Euronext Dublin listing', 'average volume', 'small group', 'primary listing', 'main listing', 'Alan Betson', 'insulation manufacturer', '98.4 per cent', 'main market', 'CBOE Europe', '2 per cent', 'regulatory burden', 'last day', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Paddy Power', 'ordinary shares', 'parent company', 'Kingspan shares', 'less', '12 months', 'June', 'Photograph', 'Shareholders', 'plan', 'bourse', 'vote', 'matter', 'Thursday', 'ballots', 'favour', 'circular', 'advance', 'egm', 'READ', 'context', 'cost', 'legal', 'board', 'opinion', 'benefits', 'trade', 'track', 'September', 'part', 'bookmakers', 'backing', 'April', 'addition', 'quotations']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,irishtimes.com
28045,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CROSSJECT-15844218/news/Crossject-signs-new-licensing-agreement-on-ZENEO-Midazolam-epilepsy-rescue-therapy-with-AFT-Pharmac-44374119/,Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New Zealand,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New Zealand  Exclusive licensing  distribution and promotion agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam in epi…,Press ReleaseCrossjectsigns new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New ZealandExclusive licensing  distribution and promotion agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam in epileptic seizures in Australia and New ZealandPre-marketing payments of about €0.5m due to Crossject from AFTDijon  France 20 July 2023 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext:ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that develops and will soon market a portfolio of drug device combinations for use in emergency situations  announces the signing of an Australia & New Zealand commercial agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam  its innovative rescue treatment of epileptic seizures.‘‘We are pleased to expandour ongoing international roll-out of ZENEO® Midazolamto treatcertain epileptic crisisinto Australia and New Zealand  withthislicensing agreement ”said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject. “AFT Pharmaceuticals is a particularly well suitedpartner for us in Australasia because of its strong presence in the region and extensive experience with successful commercial launches. We look forward to collaborating to ensure a strong launch for our excitinginnovativeneedle-free emergency treatmentfor epileptic crisis.’’Intramuscular Midazolam is the gold standard to treat patients in the case of certain epileptic seizures1 that represent a life-threatening situation. The current solutions can be challenging for non-healthcare-professionals to administer during an emergency. There is a clear need for a simple and dependable needle-free way to administer an emergency treatment for epilepsy. The simplicity of use of ZENEO® (see “Intuitive” study2)  will afford patients and their caregivers a needle-free injection technology that delivers life-saving medicine in less than 1/10th second.“We are very pleased to partner withCrossject to bring ZENEO® Midazolam to our core market ”said Dr Hartley Atkinson  CEO of AFT Pharmaceuticals. ‘‘This ground-breaking needle-free system for rapidly and easily administering a life-saving drug to epileptic patients will fulfill an existing need for the treatment of epileptic seizures. Crossject’sZENEO® technology represents a natural fit with our longstanding commitment to innovation.”Under the terms of the agreement  AFT will be responsible for all local regulatory and commercial activities. In exchange for the commercial rights  Crossject shall receive: about €0.5m (AUD 0.79m) of premarketing payments from AFT. About €150k (AUD 237k) is due after the signature of the agreement. The remainder consists of development and approval milestones. Crossject will manufacture and sell the product to AFT at a mid-double-digit percentage of AFT’s net selling price to wholesalers  with a minimum floor price per unit. Filing for marketing approval to Australia and New Zealand regulatory authorities is expected a few months after filing in Europe.Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disorder in the world  affecting roughly 1 in 26 people  according to the Epilepsy Foundation. The disorder affects people of all genders  races  ethnic backgrounds and ages. It causes surges of electrical activity in the brain that can cause recurring seizures.Epilepsy afflicts an estimated 151 000 people in Australia3 and an estimated 50 000 people in New Zealand4.Crossject SA (Euronext:ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is developing and will soon market a portfolio of drugs for use in emergency situations (epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack). With its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency medications. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014  and benefits from Bpifrance funding.AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited (ASX: AFP & NZX:AFT) is a specialty pharmaceutical company operating primarily in Australasia  but with product distribution agreements worldwide. The company's product portfolio includes prescription and over-the-counter medicines to treat a range of conditions  as well as a patented nebulizer.For further information  please contact:CrossjectPatrick AlexandreChief Executive Officerinfo@crossject.com InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.com1 Pre-hospital midazolam for benzodiazepine-treated seizures before and after the Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication Prior to Arrival Trial: A national observational cohort study.2 Human factors study of ZENEO® (needle-free autoinjector) and comparison of different user instruction formats.3Epilepsy in Australia  how many Australians have epilepsy?4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey 2018.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.15,0.32,True,English,"['ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'new licensing agreement', 'New Zealand', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', 'Crossject', 'Australia', 'fourth most common neurological disorder', 'different user instruction formats', 'ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'national observational cohort study', 'patented needle-free self-injection system', '4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'New Zealand regulatory authorities', 'New Zealand commercial agreement', 'ground-breaking needle-free system', 'Exclusive licensing, distribution', 'innovative rescue treatment', 'ongoing international roll-out', 'dependable needle-free way', 'Dr Hartley Atkinson', 'net selling price', 'minimum floor price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication', '2 Human factors study', 'successful commercial launches', 'drug device combinations', 'excitinginnovativeneedle-free emergency treatmentfor', 'self-administered emergency medications', 'specialty pharma company', 'needle-free injection technology', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'product distribution agreements', 'new licensing agreement', 'Euronext Growth market', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'extensive experience', 'Intuitive” study', 'local regulatory', 'needle-free autoinjector', 'commercial activities', 'commercial rights', 'Intramuscular Midazolam', 'core market', 'life-saving drug', '1 Pre-hospital midazolam', 'emergency situations', 'ZENEO® Midazolamto', 'Press Release', 'promotion agreement', 'epileptic seizures', 'Pre-marketing payments', 'epileptic crisisinto', 'strong presence', 'strong launch', 'gold standard', 'life-threatening situation', 'current solutions', 'clear need', 'life-saving medicine', '1/10th second', 'existing need', 'natural fit', 'longstanding commitment', 'premarketing payments', 'approval milestones', 'mid-double-digit percentage', 'marketing approval', 'Epilepsy Foundation', 'ethnic backgrounds', 'electrical activity', 'recurring seizures', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'Bpifrance funding', 'counter medicines', 'benzodiazepine-treated seizures', 'Arrival Trial', 'many Australians', 'world leader', 'Natasha Drapeau', 'epileptic patients', 'Crossject SA', 'product portfolio', '® technology', 'Crossjectsigns', 'Dijon', 'ALCJ', 'signing', 'CEO', 'Australasia', 'region', 'case', 'non-healthcare-professionals', 'simple', 'simplicity', 'caregivers', 'less', 'innovation', 'terms', 'exchange', 'AUD', 'signature', 'remainder', 'development', 'wholesalers', 'unit', 'Filing', 'Europe', '26 people', 'genders', 'races', 'ages', 'surges', 'brain', '151,000 people', 'Australia3', '50,000 people', 'drugs', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'AFP', 'prescription', 'range', 'conditions', 'nebulizer', 'information', 'Investors', 'Media', '3Epilepsy', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28046,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABEO-SA-31408541/news/ABEO-3-4-growth-in-Q1-2023-24-and-record-order-intake-of-EUR-65-2m-up-10-9-44381638/,ABEO: 3.4% growth in Q1 2023/24 and record order intake of EUR 65.2m up 10.9%,(marketscreener.com)  ABEO: 3.4% growth in Q1 2023/24 and record order intake of EUR 65.2m up 10.9%   ABEO  a world leader in sports and leisure equipment and Official Supporter of Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games   today announces its revenue and o…,ABEO: 3.4% growth in Q1 2023/24 and record order intake of EUR 65.2m up 10.9% (20/07/2023 18:00)ABEO  a world leader in sports and leisure equipment and Official Supporter of Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games   today announces its revenue and order intake for the first quarter of 2023/24 financial year (from 1 April to 30 June 2023).€mUnaudited 2023/24 2022/23 Change Change(LFL)1 Sports 28.7 25.4 +13.1% +11.2% Sportainment & Climbing 13.0 14.2 -8.1% -6.8% Changing Rooms 16.2 16.5 -1.5% -1.2% Q1 revenue 57.9 56.0 +3.4% +3.0% Q1 order intake2 65.2 58.8 +10.9% +11.0%: refers to the change in revenue over a comparable period and at constant consolidation scope  excluding the impact of currency fluctuations : non-financial data - to measure the sales momentum of its business activities  the Group uses the quantified amount of its order intake over a given period  inter alia. The sales momentum indicator represents the aggregate value of all orders booked over the relevant period  as compared to the same period for the previous financial year.During the first quarter of the new financial exercise  ABEO delivered a revenue of €57.9m  up 3.4% including 3.0% of organic growth compared to prior year. The integration of BigAirBag has generated a consolidation gain of 1.3% partially offset by an unfavourable currency impact of 0.9%.The Sports division continued its growth trajectory  with a revenue up 13.1% (+11.2% like-for-like)  mainly driven by the Gymnastics business in Europe and North America  this market benefiting from the new partnership with USA Gymnastics (USAG).The Sportainment & Climbing division first quarter shows a revenue of €13.0m being the third best quarter post covid crisis in terms of volume  a noticeable decline of 8.1% versus prior year mainly due to a challenging baseline at +61% of growth. The US Sportainment market continues to suffer from a competitive environment  while core business activities remain strong.Lastly  Changing Rooms division reported a revenue of €16.2m  stable over the period (-1.5%) and continued to benefit from strong demand in France and Germany.Outlook: record order intake for the quarter12023/24 Q1 business activity was particularly dynamic in all 3 divisions  with a record order intake of €65.2m  up 10.9% compared to Q1 2022/23 (+11.0% like-for-like).Reinsured by the solid performance of the first quarter  the Group is confident in maintaining its business development at a sustained pace.Upcoming events7 November 2023 - H1 2023/24 revenue (after close of trading)5 December 2023 - H1 2023/24 results (after close of trading)Find more atwww.abeo-bourse.comABOUT ABEO ABEO is a major player in the sports and leisure market. The Group posted turnover of € 238.8 million for the year ended 31 March 2023  74% of which was generated outside France  and has 1 446 employees.ABEO is a designer  manufacturer and distributor of sports and leisure equipment. It also provides assistance in implementing projects to professional customers in the following sectors: specialised sports halls and clubs  leisure centres  education  local authorities  construction professionals  etc.ABEO has a unique global offering  and operates in a wide variety of market segments  including gymnastics apparatus and landing mats  team sports equipment  physical education  climbing walls  leisure equipment and changing room fittings. The Group has a portfolio of strong brands which partner sports federations and are featured at major sporting events  including the Olympic Games.ABEO (ISIN code: FR0013185857  ABEO) is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment C.ContactsFor any questions relating to this press release or the ABEO Group  please contact ACTUS finance & communicationInvestor relations - Corinne Puissant [email protected] Tel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77Press relations - Serena Boni [email protected] Tel: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.1,0.65,True,English,"['record order intake', 'ABEO', '3.4% growth', 'Q1', 'EUR', 'third best quarter post covid crisis', '2023/24 Q1 business activity', 'The US Sportainment market', 'H1 2023/24 results', 'unique global offering', 'changing room fittings', 'constant consolidation scope', 'record order intake', 'new financial exercise', '2023/24 financial year', 'core business activities', 'sales momentum indicator', 'major sporting events', 'previous financial year', 'Q1 order intake2', 'Changing Rooms division', 'H1 2023/24 revenue', 'unfavourable currency impact', 'The Sports division', 'The Sportainment', 'first quarter', 'financial data', 'Gymnastics business', 'business development', 'currency fluctuations', 'consolidation gain', 'new partnership', 'Upcoming events', 'major player', 'Climbing division', 'leisure market', 'market segments', 'prior year', 'The Group', 'world leader', 'leisure equipment', 'Official Supporter', 'Paris 2024 Olympic', 'Paralympic Games', 'quantified amount', 'aggregate value', 'North America', 'USA Gymnastics', 'noticeable decline', 'challenging baseline', 'competitive environment', 'strong demand', 'solid performance', 'sustained pace', 'professional customers', 'following sectors', 'leisure centres', 'local authorities', 'construction professionals', 'wide variety', 'gymnastics apparatus', 'landing mats', 'strong brands', 'Olympic Games', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment C.', 'press release', 'ACTUS finance', 'Investor relations', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Press relations', 'Serena Boni', 'climbing walls', 'sports halls', 'sports equipment', 'sports federations', 'comparable period', 'relevant period', 'same period', 'Q1 revenue', 'organic growth', 'growth trajectory', 'physical education', 'Change Change', 'ABEO Group', 'ABEO ABEO', '1 Sports', '3.4% growth', '1 April', '30 June', 'LFL', 'orders', 'integration', 'BigAirBag', 'Europe', 'USAG', 'terms', 'volume', 'France', 'Germany', 'Outlook', 'quarter1', '3 divisions', 'November', 'close', 'trading', '5 December', 'bourse', 'turnover', '1,446 employees', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'distributor', 'assistance', 'projects', 'clubs', 'team', 'portfolio', 'Contacts', 'questions', 'communication', 'Tel', '33']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28047,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2708394/0/en/Crossject-signs-new-licensing-agreement-on-ZENEO-Midazolam-epilepsy-rescue-therapy-with-AFT-Pharmaceuticals-for-Australia-New-Zealand.html,Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New Zealand,Press Release  Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New...,English FrenchPress ReleaseCrossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New ZealandExclusive licensing  distribution and promotion agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam in epileptic seizures in Australia and New ZealandPre-marketing payments of about €0.5m due to Crossject from AFTDijon  France 20 July 2023 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that develops and will soon market a portfolio of drug device combinations for use in emergency situations  announces the signing of an Australia & New Zealand commercial agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam  its innovative rescue treatment of epileptic seizures.‘‘We are pleased to expand our ongoing international roll-out of ZENEO® Midazolam to treat certain epileptic crisis into Australia and New Zealand  with this licensing agreement ” said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject. “AFT Pharmaceuticals is a particularly well suited partner for us in Australasia because of its strong presence in the region and extensive experience with successful commercial launches. We look forward to collaborating to ensure a strong launch for our exciting innovative needle-free emergency treatment for epileptic crisis.’’Intramuscular Midazolam is the gold standard to treat patients in the case of certain epileptic seizures1 that represent a life-threatening situation. The current solutions can be challenging for non-healthcare-professionals to administer during an emergency. There is a clear need for a simple and dependable needle-free way to administer an emergency treatment for epilepsy. The simplicity of use of ZENEO® (see “Intuitive” study2)  will afford patients and their caregivers a needle-free injection technology that delivers life-saving medicine in less than 1/10th second.“We are very pleased to partner with Crossject to bring ZENEO® Midazolam to our core market ” said Dr Hartley Atkinson  CEO of AFT Pharmaceuticals. ‘‘This ground-breaking needle-free system for rapidly and easily administering a life-saving drug to epileptic patients will fulfill an existing need for the treatment of epileptic seizures. Crossject’s ZENEO® technology represents a natural fit with our longstanding commitment to innovation.”Under the terms of the agreement  AFT will be responsible for all local regulatory and commercial activities. In exchange for the commercial rights  Crossject shall receive: about €0.5m (AUD 0.79m) of premarketing payments from AFT. About €150k (AUD 237k) is due after the signature of the agreement. The remainder consists of development and approval milestones. Crossject will manufacture and sell the product to AFT at a mid-double-digit percentage of AFT’s net selling price to wholesalers  with a minimum floor price per unit. Filing for marketing approval to Australia and New Zealand regulatory authorities is expected a few months after filing in Europe.Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disorder in the world  affecting roughly 1 in 26 people  according to the Epilepsy Foundation. The disorder affects people of all genders  races  ethnic backgrounds and ages. It causes surges of electrical activity in the brain that can cause recurring seizures.Epilepsy afflicts an estimated 151 000 people in Australia3 and an estimated 50 000 people in New Zealand4.Crossject SA (Euronext:ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is developing and will soon market a portfolio of drugs for use in emergency situations (epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack). With its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency medications. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014  and benefits from Bpifrance funding.AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited (ASX: AFP & NZX:AFT) is a specialty pharmaceutical company operating primarily in Australasia  but with product distribution agreements worldwide. The company's product portfolio includes prescription and over-the-counter medicines to treat a range of conditions  as well as a patented nebulizer.For further information  please contact:CrossjectPatrick AlexandreChief Executive Officerinfo@crossject.com InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.com1 Pre-hospital midazolam for benzodiazepine-treated seizures before and after the Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication Prior to Arrival Trial: A national observational cohort study.2 Human factors study of ZENEO® (needle-free autoinjector) and comparison of different user instruction formats.3 Epilepsy in Australia  how many Australians have epilepsy?4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey 2018.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.13,0.34,True,English,"['ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'new licensing agreement', 'New Zealand', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', 'Crossject', 'Australia', 'fourth most common neurological disorder', 'Patrick Alexandre Chief Executive Officer', 'exciting innovative needle-free emergency treatment', 'English French Press Release', 'different user instruction formats', 'ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'national observational cohort study', '4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'New Zealand regulatory authorities', 'innovative rescue treatment', 'New Zealand commercial agreement', 'dependable needle-free way', 'ground-breaking needle-free system', 'needle-free self-injection system', 'ongoing international roll-out', 'Dr Hartley Atkinson', 'net selling price', 'minimum floor price', 'Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication', '2 Human factors study', 'successful commercial launches', 'Exclusive licensing, distribution', 'needle-free injection technology', 'drug device combinations', 'self-administered emergency medications', 'specialty pharma company', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'product distribution agreements', 'new licensing agreement', 'Euronext Growth market', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited', 'needle-free autoinjector', 'extensive experience', 'Intuitive” study', 'local regulatory', 'commercial activities', 'commercial rights', 'ZENEO® technology', 'emergency situations', 'core market', 'life-saving drug', 'Intramuscular Midazolam', '1 Pre-hospital midazolam', 'promotion agreement', 'epileptic seizures', 'Pre-marketing payments', 'epileptic crisis', 'strong presence', 'strong launch', 'gold standard', 'life-threatening situation', 'current solutions', 'clear need', 'life-saving medicine', '1/10th second', 'existing need', 'natural fit', 'longstanding commitment', 'premarketing payments', 'approval milestones', 'mid-double-digit percentage', 'marketing approval', 'ethnic backgrounds', 'electrical activity', 'recurring seizures', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'Bpifrance funding', 'counter medicines', 'Natasha Drapeau', 'benzodiazepine-treated seizures', 'Arrival Trial', 'many Australians', 'Epilepsy Foundation', 'world leader', 'epileptic patients', 'product portfolio', 'Crossject SA', '3 Epilepsy', 'Dijon', 'ALCJ', 'signing', 'CEO', 'partner', 'Australasia', 'region', 'case', 'non-healthcare-professionals', 'simple', 'simplicity', 'caregivers', 'less', 'innovation', 'terms', 'exchange', 'AUD', 'signature', 'remainder', 'development', 'wholesalers', 'unit', 'Filing', 'Europe', '26 people', 'genders', 'races', 'ages', 'surges', 'brain', '151,000 people', 'Australia3', '50,000 people', 'drugs', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'benefits', 'AFP', 'prescription', 'range', 'conditions', 'patented', 'nebulizer', 'information', 'Investors', 'Media']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28048,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707916/0/en/Eviden-and-Schneider-Electric-win-major-contract-with-EDF-to-equip-6-planned-EPR2-nuclear-power-plants.html,Eviden and Schneider Electric win major contract with EDF to equip 6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants,Eviden and Schneider Electric win major contract with EDF to equip 6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants  Worldgrid  an Eviden business  and Schneider......,"English FrenchEviden and Schneider Electric win major contract with EDF to equip 6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plantsWorldgrid  an Eviden business  and Schneider Electric to supply Standard Control SystemsParis  France - July 20  2023 - Eviden (Atos Group)  through its Worldgrid business  specializing in energy management solutions and nuclear control systems  and Schneider Electric  the leader in the digital transformation of energy management and industrial automation  today announced that they have signed a major contract with EDF. The two Groups will supply the Level 1 standard control systems for EDF's six planned nuclear power plants (EPR2)  as part of the plan to revive the nuclear industry announced by French President Emmanuel Macron.As EDF recently announced that it had initiated the necessary authorization procedures to start construction of the first two EPR2 units at Penly  Normandy  scheduled for mid-2024  Worldgrid (Eviden) and Schneider Electric are starting work to design  qualify and build the future Level 1 standard control systems for the nuclear units concerned.As part of this contract  Worldgrid  from its ISERAN campus in the Grenoble region  will be responsible for integrating and programming the PLCs (programmable logic controller)  as well as producing all the software needed to automate the translation of control function diagrams into PLC programs. Schneider Electric  from its engineering and design office based in Aix-en-Provence  will be responsible for supplying the hardware infrastructure built around the M580 PLCs (nuclear range) meeting the appropriate qualification level in terms of nuclear safety. Production will take place at Schneider Electric's French plants. This control system will enable EDF to efficiently manage and control its nuclear reactors  ensuring high availability and complete safety.“We are proud to contribute to the renaissance of the nuclear industry in France! This major contract underlines our 45 years of experience in the field of nuclear command and control. By working with other European companies on this project  we are helping to support Europe's nuclear energy sovereignty  which is essential to support over the years as we transition to decarbonized energy mix "" explains Emmanuel Besse  Worldgrid CEO  Eviden  Atos Group."" With design and production rooted in our sites in the South-East of France  Schneider Electric is delighted to continue its long-standing partnership with the French nuclear industry  while helping to make France's energy mix more resilient and low carbon "" says Laurent Bataille  Schneider Electric Executive Vice-President France Operations.As the French nuclear industry gets back on its feet  it is vital to be able to recruit the new talent needed to ensure its success. Numerous initiatives are underway at Worldgrid  which plans to recruit 150 people in 2023  50% of them in the nuclear sector  and will continue this trend over the next 5 years. Schneider Electric is also working to strengthen its nuclear teams  with several dozen positions already available.***About WorldgridWorldgrid  an Eviden business (Atos Group)  is a global player in digital transformation in the energy and utilities sector and is the world leader in nuclear control systems with over 45 years' experience in the sector. The company has been working in partnership with EDF for 43 years  and today has 132 systems installed at 19 sites in France. The company employs 610 experts in France (Grenoble  Bezons  Aix en Provence  Cherbourg) and 1 200 worldwide.About Eviden1Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. Bringing together 57 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.About Schneider ElectricSchneider’s purpose is to empower all to make the most of our energy and resources  bridging progress and sustainability for all. We call this Life Is On.Our mission is to be your digital partner for Sustainability and Efficiency.We drive digital transformation by integrating world-leading process and energy technologies  end-point to cloud connecting products  controls  software and services  across the entire lifecycle  enabling integrated company management  for homes  buildings  data centers  infrastructure and industries.We are the most local of global companies. We are advocates of open standards and partnership ecosystems that are passionate about our shared Meaningful Purpose  Inclusive and Empowered values.www.se.comFollow us on:Press contactsAtos: Laura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 18Schneider Electric: Andrée Clar – andree.clar@se.com - +33 (0) 6 85 81 08 781 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: Alia Consulting  AppCentrica  ATHEA  Atos Syntel  Bull  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  digital.security  Eagle Creek  EcoAct  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  IDnomic  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Miner & Kasch  Motiv  Nimbix  Processia  Profit4SF  science+computing  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion  zData. Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants', 'Schneider Electric', 'major contract', 'Eviden', 'EDF', '6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants Worldgrid', 'Schneider Electric Executive Vice-President France Operations', 'six planned nuclear power plants', 'future Level 1 standard control systems', 'first two EPR2 units', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'appropriate qualification level', 'necessary authorization procedures', 'programmable logic controller', 'control function diagrams', 'several dozen positions', 'worldwide leading positions', 'nuclear control systems', 'other European companies', 'nuclear energy sovereignty', 'French nuclear industry', 'Schneider Electric Schne', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'energy management solutions', 'decarbonized energy mix', 'French plants', 'next-gen technology leader', 'secure information space', 'nuclear units', 'Atos Group company', 'two Groups', 'Emmanuel Besse', 'English French', 'nuclear range', 'nuclear safety', 'nuclear reactors', 'nuclear command', 'nuclear teams', 'decarbonized digital', 'European number', 'end solutions', 'nuclear sector', 'Worldgrid Worldgrid', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'Worldgrid business', 'Worldgrid CEO', 'industrial automation', 'ISERAN campus', 'PLC programs', 'hardware infrastructure', 'high availability', 'complete safety', 'low carbon', 'Laurent Bataille', 'new talent', 'Numerous initiatives', 'global player', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', 'advanced computing', '57,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'global leader', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'major contract', 'utilities sector', 'Grenoble region', 'design office', 'M580 PLCs', 'long-standing partnership', 'world leader', 'deep expertise', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'next 5 years', 'Eviden business', '132 systems', ""45 years' experience"", '43 years', 'EDF', 'July', 'construction', 'Penly', 'Normandy', 'mid-2024', 'work', 'software', 'translation', 'engineering', 'Provence', 'terms', 'Production', 'place', 'renaissance', 'field', 'project', 'sites', 'South-East', 'feet', 'success', '150 people', 'trend', '610 experts', 'Bezons', 'Aix', 'Cherbourg', 'Eviden1', 'security', 'cloud', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', '110,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28049,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-and-Schneider-Electric-win-major-contract-with-EDF-to-equip-6-planned-EPR2-nuclear-power-plan-44376236/,Eviden and Schneider Electric win major contract with EDF to equip 6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants,(marketscreener.com) Eviden and Schneider Electric win major contract with EDF to equip 6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants Worldgrid  an Eviden business  and Schneider Electric to supply Standard Control Systems Paris  France - July 20  2023 - Eviden   throu…,"Eviden and Schneider Electric win major contract with EDF to equip 6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plantsWorldgrid  an Eviden business  and Schneider Electric to supply Standard Control SystemsParis  France - July 20  2023 - Eviden (Atos Group)  through its Worldgrid business  specializing in energy management solutions and nuclear control systems  and Schneider Electric  the leader in the digital transformation of energy management and industrial automation  today announced that they have signed a major contract with EDF. The two Groups will supply the Level 1 standard control systems for EDF's six planned nuclear power plants (EPR2)  as part of the plan to revive the nuclear industry announced by French President Emmanuel Macron.As EDF recently announced that it had initiated the necessary authorization procedures to start construction of the first two EPR2 units at Penly  Normandy  scheduled for mid-2024  Worldgrid (Eviden) and Schneider Electric are starting work to design  qualify and build the future Level 1 standard control systems for the nuclear units concerned.As part of this contract  Worldgrid  from its ISERAN campus in the Grenoble region  will be responsible for integrating and programming the PLCs (programmable logic controller)  as well as producing all the software needed to automate the translation of control function diagrams into PLC programs. Schneider Electric  from its engineering and design office based in Aix-en-Provence  will be responsible for supplying the hardware infrastructure built around the M580 PLCs (nuclear range) meeting the appropriate qualification level in terms of nuclear safety. Production will take place at Schneider Electric's French plants. This control system will enable EDF to efficiently manage and control its nuclear reactors  ensuring high availability and complete safety.“We are proud to contribute to the renaissance of the nuclear industry in France! This major contract underlines our 45 years of experience in the field of nuclear command and control. By working with other European companies on this project  we are helping to support Europe's nuclear energy sovereignty  which is essential to supportover the years as we transitionto decarbonized energy mix "" explains Emmanuel Besse  WorldgridCEO  Eviden  Atos Group.""With design and production rooted in our sites in the South-East of France Schneider Electric is delighted to continue its long-standing partnership with the French nuclear industry  while helping to make France's energy mix more resilient and low carbon "" says Laurent Bataille  Schneider Electric Executive Vice-President France Operations.As the French nuclear industry gets back on its feet  it is vital to be able to recruit the new talent needed to ensure its success. Numerous initiatives are underway at Worldgrid  which plans to recruit 150 people in 2023  50% of them in the nuclear sector  and will continue this trend over the next 5 years. Schneider Electric is also working to strengthen its nuclear teams  with several dozen positions already available.***About WorldgridWorldgrid  an Eviden business (Atos Group)  is a global player in digital transformation in the energy and utilities sector and is the world leader in nuclear control systems with over 45 years' experience in the sector. The company has been working in partnership with EDF for 43 years  and today has 132 systems installed at 19 sites in France. The company employs 610 experts in France (Grenoble  Bezons  Aix en Provence  Cherbourg) and 1 200 worldwide.About Eviden1Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. Bringing together 57 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.About Schneider ElectricSchneider’s purpose is to empower all to make the most of our energy and resources  bridging progress and sustainability for all. We call this Life Is On.Our mission is to be your digital partner for Sustainability and Efficiency.We drive digital transformation by integrating world-leading process and energy technologies  end-point to cloud connecting products  controls  software and services  across the entire lifecycle  enabling integrated company management  for homes  buildings  data centers  infrastructure and industries.We are the most local of global companies. We are advocates of open standards and partnership ecosystems that are passionate about our shared Meaningful Purpose  Inclusive and Empowered values.www.se.comFollow us on:Press contactsAtos: Laura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 18– +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 18 Schneider Electric: Andrée Clar – andree.clar@se.com - +33 (0) 6 85 81 08 781Eviden business is operated through the following brands: Alia Consulting  AppCentrica  ATHEA  Atos Syntel  Bull  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  digital.security  Eagle Creek  EcoAct  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  IDnomic  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Miner & Kasch  Motiv  Nimbix  Processia  Profit4SF  science+computing  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion  zData. Evidenis a registeredtrademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants', 'Schneider Electric', 'major contract', 'Eviden', 'EDF', '6 planned EPR2 nuclear power plants Worldgrid', 'Schneider Electric Executive Vice-President France Operations', 'six planned nuclear power plants', 'future Level 1 standard control systems', 'first two EPR2 units', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'appropriate qualification level', 'necessary authorization procedures', 'programmable logic controller', 'control function diagrams', 'several dozen positions', 'worldwide leading positions', 'nuclear control systems', 'other European companies', 'French nuclear industry', 'nuclear energy sovereignty', 'Schneider Electric Schneider', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'energy management solutions', 'decarbonized energy mix', 'French plants', 'next-gen technology leader', 'secure information space', 'nuclear units', 'Atos Group company', 'two Groups', 'Emmanuel Besse', 'nuclear range', 'nuclear safety', 'nuclear reactors', 'nuclear command', 'nuclear teams', 'decarbonized digital', 'European number', 'end solutions', 'nuclear sector', 'Worldgrid Worldgrid', 'Worldgrid business', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'industrial automation', 'ISERAN campus', 'PLC programs', 'hardware infrastructure', 'high availability', 'complete safety', 'low carbon', 'Laurent Bataille', 'new talent', 'Numerous initiatives', 'global player', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', 'advanced computing', '57,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'global leader', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'major contract', 'utilities sector', 'Grenoble region', 'design office', 'M580 PLCs', 'long-standing partnership', 'world leader', 'deep expertise', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'next 5 years', 'Eviden business', '132 systems', ""45 years' experience"", '43 years', 'EDF', 'July', 'construction', 'Penly', 'Normandy', 'mid-2024', 'work', 'software', 'translation', 'engineering', 'Provence', 'terms', 'Production', 'place', 'renaissance', 'field', 'project', 'WorldgridCEO', 'sites', 'South-East', 'feet', 'success', '150 people', 'trend', '610 experts', 'Bezons', 'Aix', 'Cherbourg', 'Eviden1', 'security', 'cloud', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', '110,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28050,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2708507/0/en/Delta-Drone-Adds-Military-Drones-to-its-Core-Business-and-Proposes-Name-Change-to-Tonner-Drones.html,Delta Drone Adds Military Drones to its Core Business and Proposes Name Change to Tonner Drones,Delta Drone Adds Military Drones to its Core Businessand Proposes Name Change to Tonner Drones  Dardilly  20 July 2023 at 8 pm  Following its...,French EnglishDelta Drone Adds Military Drones to its Core Businessand Proposes Name Change to Tonner DronesDardilly  20 July 2023 at 8 pmFollowing its acquisition of military drone company Tonner Drones  Delta Drone (the “Company”) is adding to its core business by including the development and sales of military drones and their associated software and services. In addition  the Company proposes to change its name to Tonner Drones.As a condition to their initial investment announced on 5 June 2023 of € 1.5 million  the new investor group  led by Mr. Diede van den Ouden (the “New Investor”)  insisted that the former Delta Drone management team be replaced  and that a new management team led by Jean-François Ott and Brad Taylor optimize the management of the company and develop a new vision and strategy. The new management team brings to the Company an extensive network in the corporate  governmental  and financial sectors particularly throughout Europe  North America  and Africa that it fully intends on using to generate shareholder value.In the first few weeks since arriving  the new management has been focused on (i) reducing the monthly cash burn through the payment plan announced on 27 June 2023 with Yorkville and optimizing operations1; (ii) securing the € 1 million shareholder loan with the New Investor as announced on 18 June 2023 that provides the Company with short term operational funds; (iii) terminating variable pricing financing products; and (iv) working with partners and other stakeholders to generate revenues for the company.Current studies2 indicate that the global military drone sector has a value of approximately € 12 billion growing to more than € 30 billion by 2030. By adding military drones to its strategy  the Company aims to develop its technology and products to meet this increasing demand. The Company sees significant potential in the Tonner Drones military technology and the technology developed by Delta Drone over more than a decade to increase shareholder value.At the core of Tonner Drones is modular drone technology with firing capabilities that has been developed for the military sector since 2018 at a cost of more than € 8 million. In addition to the associated intellectual property  hardware  software  and technology  the company owns the rights to a recoil ejection system patent in Germany as well as pending patents before the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO)  Europe  Australia  New Zealand  Canada  and the United States. Tonner Drones is still in the process of developing this technology. Of note  while this technology was developed for the military  the modular nature of the technology means that it can also be modified for applications in the security  firefighting (including forest firefighting and prevention)  search and rescue (including the delivery of medical necessities)  and agricultural planting sectors. While the Company’s initial focus will be on the military sector  it will also evaluate and develop products in parallel for these other sectors as needed.The Tonner Drones military technology is needed most urgently today in the Ukraine and several African nations. Productive discussions have already been taking place with corporate and governmental representatives in these and other regions.The Company’s objective will be to work on site with its customers to study the specific military challenges each is confronting so that we can develop robust  easy-to-operate  and unique tailor-made military drone solutions for them. By interacting on the ground with the military and security personnel who are charged daily with the responsibility of protecting the lives of their citizens  the Company believes it can best develop drone solutions that will cater properly and specifically to their immediate needs. These solutions are not optimized with “one size fits all” products developed in a research and development facility or warehouse offsite. Each military situation and region are unique; therefore  each product must be unique and developed onsite with the teams confronting these challenges every day.The Company also has at its disposal the extensive inventory of drones  equipment  charging stations  batteries  software  materials  video and surveillance devices  telescopic cranes  and technology developed over the years by Delta Drone. These items are being evaluated and will be re-tooled and modified to meet the needs of the Company’s new strategy.“We are focused on the future by creating a new company that will build upon more than a decade of technological development and experience at Delta Drone by adding a military drone development component ” said Brad Taylor  the new CEO “I am confident that this strategy will open up new markets and clients for the company to generate value for our shareholders and stakeholders.”About Delta Drone:The Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR001400H2X4www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts :AeliumJerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.fr1 https://www.deltadrone.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/DeltaDrone_CP_DeltaDrone_Yorkville_27.06.2023_EN__VD.pdf2 https://www.precedenceresearch.com/military-drones-markethttps://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/military-drone-market-1930https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/military-drones-market-A07156Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.23,0.49,True,English,"['Delta Drone', 'Core Business', 'Name Change', 'Military Drones', 'Tonner', 'Mr. Diede van den Ouden', 'unique tailor-made military drone solutions', 'former Delta Drone management team', 'short term operational funds', 'recoil ejection system patent', 'World Intellectual Property Organization', 'variable pricing financing products', 'The Tonner Drones military technology', 'The Delta Drone Group', 'global military drone sector', 'military drone development component', 'Jean-François Ott', 'monthly cash burn', 'several African nations', 'new management team', '1 million shareholder loan', 'agricultural planting sectors', 'new investor group', 'specific military challenges', 'modular drone technology', 'military drone company', 'Military Drones', 'military sector', 'military situation', 'The Company', 'modular nature', 'professional solutions', 'financial sectors', 'other sectors', 'civil drones', 'new vision', 'New Zealand', 'development facility', 'technological development', 'new CEO', 'new markets', 'French English', 'initial investment', 'Brad Taylor', 'extensive network', 'North America', 'payment plan', 'Current studies2', 'increasing demand', 'significant potential', 'a decade', 'firing capabilities', 'United States', 'medical necessities', 'initial focus', 'Productive discussions', 'other regions', 'robust, easy', 'security personnel', 'one size', 'extensive inventory', 'charging stations', 'surveillance devices', 'telescopic cranes', 'international player', 'professional use', 'shareholder value', 'Core Business', 'new company', 'Name Change', 'other stakeholders', 'forest firefighting', 'immediate needs', 'new strategy', 'associated software', 'Dardilly', 'July', 'acquisition', 'sales', 'services', 'addition', 'condition', '5 June', 'Europe', 'first', 'weeks', '27 June', 'Yorkville', 'operations1', '18 June', 'partners', 'revenues', 'cost', 'hardware', 'rights', 'Germany', 'patents', 'WIPO', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'process', 'note', 'applications', 'prevention', 'search', 'rescue', 'delivery', 'parallel', 'Ukraine', 'place', 'corporate', 'representatives', 'objective', 'site', 'customers', 'ground', 'responsibility', 'lives', 'citizens', 'warehouse', 'teams', 'disposal', 'equipment', 'batteries', 'materials', 'video', 'years', 'items', 'future', 'experience', 'clients', 'shareholders', 'range', '€']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28051,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707876/0/en/Crossject-signs-new-licensing-agreement-on-ZENEO-Midazolam-epilepsy-rescue-therapy-with-AFT-Pharmaceuticals-for-Australia-New-Zealand.html,Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New Zealand,Press Release  Crossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New...,French EnglishPress ReleaseCrossject signs new licensing agreement on ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia & New ZealandExclusive licensing  distribution and promotion agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam in epileptic seizures in Australia and New ZealandPre-marketing payments of about €0.5m due to Crossject from AFTDijon  France 20 July 2023 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that develops and will soon market a portfolio of drug device combinations for use in emergency situations  announces the signing of an Australia & New Zealand commercial agreement for ZENEO® Midazolam  its innovative rescue treatment of epileptic seizures.‘‘We are pleased to expand our ongoing international roll-out of ZENEO® Midazolam to treat certain epileptic crisis into Australia and New Zealand  with this licensing agreement ” said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject. “AFT Pharmaceuticals is a particularly well suited partner for us in Australasia because of its strong presence in the region and extensive experience with successful commercial launches. We look forward to collaborating to ensure a strong launch for our exciting innovative needle-free emergency treatment for epileptic crisis.’’Intramuscular Midazolam is the gold standard to treat patients in the case of certain epileptic seizures1 that represent a life-threatening situation. The current solutions can be challenging for non-healthcare-professionals to administer during an emergency. There is a clear need for a simple and dependable needle-free way to administer an emergency treatment for epilepsy. The simplicity of use of ZENEO® (see “Intuitive” study2)  will afford patients and their caregivers a needle-free injection technology that delivers life-saving medicine in less than 1/10th second.“We are very pleased to partner with Crossject to bring ZENEO® Midazolam to our core market ” said Dr Hartley Atkinson  CEO of AFT Pharmaceuticals. ‘‘This ground-breaking needle-free system for rapidly and easily administering a life-saving drug to epileptic patients will fulfill an existing need for the treatment of epileptic seizures. Crossject’s ZENEO® technology represents a natural fit with our longstanding commitment to innovation.”Under the terms of the agreement  AFT will be responsible for all local regulatory and commercial activities. In exchange for the commercial rights  Crossject shall receive: about €0.5m (AUD 0.79m) of premarketing payments from AFT. About €150k (AUD 237k) is due after the signature of the agreement. The remainder consists of development and approval milestones. Crossject will manufacture and sell the product to AFT at a mid-double-digit percentage of AFT’s net selling price to wholesalers  with a minimum floor price per unit. Filing for marketing approval to Australia and New Zealand regulatory authorities is expected a few months after filing in Europe.Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disorder in the world  affecting roughly 1 in 26 people  according to the Epilepsy Foundation. The disorder affects people of all genders  races  ethnic backgrounds and ages. It causes surges of electrical activity in the brain that can cause recurring seizures.Epilepsy afflicts an estimated 151 000 people in Australia3 and an estimated 50 000 people in New Zealand4.Crossject SA (Euronext:ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is developing and will soon market a portfolio of drugs for use in emergency situations (epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack). With its patented needle-free self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency medications. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014  and benefits from Bpifrance funding.AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited (ASX: AFP & NZX:AFT) is a specialty pharmaceutical company operating primarily in Australasia  but with product distribution agreements worldwide. The company's product portfolio includes prescription and over-the-counter medicines to treat a range of conditions  as well as a patented nebulizer.For further information  please contact:CrossjectPatrick AlexandreChief Executive Officerinfo@crossject.com InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.com1 Pre-hospital midazolam for benzodiazepine-treated seizures before and after the Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication Prior to Arrival Trial: A national observational cohort study.2 Human factors study of ZENEO® (needle-free autoinjector) and comparison of different user instruction formats.3 Epilepsy in Australia  how many Australians have epilepsy?4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey 2018.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.13,0.34,True,English,"['ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'new licensing agreement', 'New Zealand', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', 'Crossject', 'Australia', 'fourth most common neurological disorder', 'Patrick Alexandre Chief Executive Officer', 'exciting innovative needle-free emergency treatment', 'French English Press Release', 'different user instruction formats', 'ZENEO® Midazolam epilepsy rescue therapy', 'national observational cohort study', '4 Epilepsy consumer experience survey', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'New Zealand regulatory authorities', 'innovative rescue treatment', 'New Zealand commercial agreement', 'dependable needle-free way', 'ground-breaking needle-free system', 'needle-free self-injection system', 'ongoing international roll-out', 'Dr Hartley Atkinson', 'net selling price', 'minimum floor price', 'Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication', '2 Human factors study', 'successful commercial launches', 'Exclusive licensing, distribution', 'needle-free injection technology', 'drug device combinations', 'self-administered emergency medications', 'specialty pharma company', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'product distribution agreements', 'new licensing agreement', 'Euronext Growth market', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals Limited', 'needle-free autoinjector', 'extensive experience', 'Intuitive” study', 'local regulatory', 'commercial activities', 'commercial rights', 'ZENEO® technology', 'emergency situations', 'core market', 'life-saving drug', 'Intramuscular Midazolam', '1 Pre-hospital midazolam', 'promotion agreement', 'epileptic seizures', 'Pre-marketing payments', 'epileptic crisis', 'strong presence', 'strong launch', 'gold standard', 'life-threatening situation', 'current solutions', 'clear need', 'life-saving medicine', '1/10th second', 'existing need', 'natural fit', 'longstanding commitment', 'premarketing payments', 'approval milestones', 'mid-double-digit percentage', 'marketing approval', 'ethnic backgrounds', 'electrical activity', 'recurring seizures', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'Bpifrance funding', 'counter medicines', 'Natasha Drapeau', 'benzodiazepine-treated seizures', 'Arrival Trial', 'many Australians', 'Epilepsy Foundation', 'world leader', 'epileptic patients', 'product portfolio', 'Crossject SA', '3 Epilepsy', 'Dijon', 'ALCJ', 'signing', 'CEO', 'partner', 'Australasia', 'region', 'case', 'non-healthcare-professionals', 'simple', 'simplicity', 'caregivers', 'less', 'innovation', 'terms', 'exchange', 'AUD', 'signature', 'remainder', 'development', 'wholesalers', 'unit', 'Filing', 'Europe', '26 people', 'genders', 'races', 'ages', 'surges', 'brain', '151,000 people', 'Australia3', '50,000 people', 'drugs', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'benefits', 'AFP', 'prescription', 'range', 'conditions', 'patented', 'nebulizer', 'information', 'Investors', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28052,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707871/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Jul 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6451 £ 23.6250 Estimated MTD return -0.48 % -0.42 % Estimated YTD return -4.05 % -3.28 % Estimated ITD return 166.45 % 136.25 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 850.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.69 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.3451 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.1663The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28053,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707873/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Jul 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6451 £ 23.6250 Estimated MTD return -0.48 % -0.42 % Estimated YTD return -4.05 % -3.28 % Estimated ITD return 166.45 % 136.25 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 850.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.69 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.3451 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.1663The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28054,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABEO-SA-31408541/news/Abeo-Sa-ABEO-3-4-growth-in-Q1-2023-24-and-record-order-intake-of-EUR-65-2m-up-10-9-44381653/,Abeo Sa :  ABEO: 3.4% growth in Q1 2023/24 and record order intake of EUR 65.2m up 10.9%,(marketscreener.com)  ABEO  a world leader in sports and leisure equipment and Official Supporter of Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games   today announces its revenue and order intake for the first quarter of 2023/24 financial year .€mUnaudited202…,"ABEO  a world leader in sports and leisure equipment and Official Supporter of Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games   today announces its revenue and order intake for the first quarter of 2023/24 financial year (from 1 April to 30 June 2023).€mUnaudited 2023/24 2022/23 Change Change(LFL)1 Sports 28.7 25.4 +13.1% +11.2% Sportainment & Climbing 13.0 14.2 -8.1% -6.8% Changing Rooms 16.2 16.5 -1.5% -1.2% Q1 revenue 57.9 56.0 +3.4% +3.0% Q1 order intake2 65.2 58.8 +10.9% +11.0%: refers to the change in revenue over a comparable period and at constant consolidation scope  excluding the impact of currency fluctuations : non-financial data – to measure the sales momentum of its business activities  the Group uses the quantified amount of its order intake over a given period  inter alia. The sales momentum indicator represents the aggregate value of all orders booked over the relevant period  as compared to the same period for the previous financial year.During the first quarter of the new financial exercise  ABEO delivered a revenue of €57.9m  up 3.4% including 3.0% of organic growth compared to prior year. The integration of BigAirBag has generated a consolidation gain of 1.3% partially offset by an unfavourable currency impact of 0.9%.The Sports division continued its growth trajectory  with a revenue up 13.1% (+11.2% like-for-like)  mainly driven by the Gymnastics business in Europe and North America  this market benefiting from the new partnership with USA Gymnastics (USAG).The Sportainment & Climbing division first quarter shows a revenue of €13.0m being the third best quarter post covid crisis in terms of volume  a noticeable decline of 8.1% versus prior year mainly due to a challenging baseline at +61% of growth. The US Sportainment market continues to suffer from a competitive environment  while core business activities remain strong.Lastly  Changing Rooms division reported a revenue of €16.2m  stable over the period (-1.5%) and continued to benefit from strong demand in France and Germany.Outlook: record order intake for the quarter12023/24 Q1 business activity was particularly dynamic in all 3 divisions  with a record order intake of €65.2m  up 10.9% compared to Q1 2022/23 (+11.0% like-for-like).Reinsured by the solid performance of the first quarter  the Group is confident in maintaining its business development at a sustained pace.Upcoming events7 November 2023 - H1 2023/24 revenue (after close of trading)5 December 2023 - H1 2023/24 results (after close of trading)Find more atwww.abeo-bourse.comABOUT ABEO ABEO is a major player in the sports and leisure market. The Group posted turnover of € 238.8 million for the year ended 31 March 2023  74% of which was generated outside France  and has 1 446 employees.ABEO is a designer  manufacturer and distributor of sports and leisure equipment. It also provides assistance in implementing projects to professional customers in the following sectors: specialised sports halls and clubs  leisure centres  education  local authorities  construction professionals  etc.ABEO has a unique global offering  and operates in a wide variety of market segments  including gymnastics apparatus and landing mats  team sports equipment  physical education  climbing walls  leisure equipment and changing room fittings. The Group has a portfolio of strong brands which partner sports federations and are featured at major sporting events  including the Olympic Games.ABEO (ISIN code: FR0013185857  ABEO) is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C.ContactsFor any questions relating to this press release or the ABEO Group  please contact ACTUS finance & communicationInvestor relations – Corinne Puissant investor@beo.fr Tel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77Press relations – Serena Boni presse@beo.fr Tel: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mp1pY8ltlGbKm2xvZpVpl2ljaWpomGiVa2fHyJKdYpmUnJpim2+WbMrKZnFilW5u- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81098-abeo_20072023_t1_2023_24_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.03,0.63,True,English,"['record order intake', 'Abeo Sa', '3.4% growth', 'Q1', 'EUR', 'third best quarter post covid crisis', '2023/24 Q1 business activity', 'The US Sportainment market', 'H1 2023/24 results', 'unique global offering', 'changing room fittings', 'constant consolidation scope', 'new financial exercise', '2023/24 financial year', 'Q1 order intake2', 'core business activities', 'record order intake', 'sales momentum indicator', 'major sporting events', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'previous financial year', 'Changing Rooms division', 'H1 2023/24 revenue', 'unfavourable currency impact', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'The Sports division', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'The Sportainment', 'first quarter', 'financial data', 'Gymnastics business', 'business development', 'currency fluctuations', 'consolidation gain', 'new partnership', 'Upcoming events', 'major player', 'Press relations', 'other releases', 'Climbing division', 'leisure market', 'market segments', 'prior year', 'The Group', 'world leader', 'leisure equipment', 'Official Supporter', 'Paris 2024 Olympic', 'Paralympic Games', 'quantified amount', 'aggregate value', 'North America', 'USA Gymnastics', 'noticeable decline', 'challenging baseline', 'competitive environment', 'strong demand', 'solid performance', 'sustained pace', 'professional customers', 'following sectors', 'leisure centres', 'local authorities', 'construction professionals', 'wide variety', 'gymnastics apparatus', 'landing mats', 'strong brands', 'Olympic Games', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment C.', 'ACTUS finance', 'Investor relations', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Serena Boni', 'Q1 revenue', 'organic growth', 'growth trajectory', 'climbing walls', 'sports halls', 'sports equipment', 'sports federations', 'comparable period', 'relevant period', 'same period', 'physical education', 'Regulated information', 'Change Change', 'ABEO Group', 'ABEO ABEO', '1 Sports', '1 April', '30 June', 'LFL', 'orders', 'integration', 'BigAirBag', 'Europe', 'USAG', 'terms', 'volume', 'France', 'Germany', 'Outlook', 'quarter1', '3 divisions', 'November', 'close', 'trading', '5 December', 'bourse', 'turnover', 'March', '1,446 employees', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'distributor', 'assistance', 'projects', 'clubs', 'team', 'portfolio', 'Contacts', 'questions', 'communication', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28055,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUANTUM-GENOMICS-16253203/news/Quantum-Genomics-Quantum-Genomics-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-with-Vistacare-Medical-wi-44381707/,Quantum Genomics :  Quantum Genomics enters into exclusive negotiations with Vistacare Medical with the ambition of creating a reference player in the management of complex wounds,(marketscreener.com)  Quantum Genomics enters into exclusive negotiations with Vistacare Medical with the ambition of creating a reference player in the management of complex woundsA French HealthTech company developing a revolutionary technology for trea…,"Quantum Genomics enters into exclusive negotiations with Vistacare Medical with the ambition of creating a reference player in the management of complex woundsA French HealthTech company developing a revolutionary technology for treating complex wounds  with the support of the medical communityA patented technology with CE marking already implemented in several French hospitalsComplex wounds: a growing and voluminous market with unmet needsA business model offering strong recurring revenue and visibilityThe merger completion is expected in the fourth quarter of 2023Financial visibility extended until the second quarter of 2024  with a consolidated cash position estimated at 4.3 million euros as of the merger's closing date [1]The name change of Quantum Genomics to Vistacare Medical is anticipatedQuantum Genomics (Euronext Growth - FR0011648971 - ALQGC) announces that it has entered into exclusive negotiations for a merger with Vistacare Medical  a French HealthTech company developing an innovative technology dedicated to the treatment of complex wounds  addressing the unmet needs of this market.Vistacare Medical: A revolutionary approach to managing complex woundsVistacare Medical is the originator of WEC therapy (Wound Environment Controlled for wound environment control)  a highly innovative concept from which it has developed and commercialized its patented medical device Vistacare. This device allows healthcare professionals to directly act on the three essential environmental parameters to accelerate the healing of complex wounds (oxygen content  temperature  and humidity).This is a major breakthrough  as until now  there was no treatment  whether traditional dressings or more innovative procedures  that could act on all three variables simultaneously and adapt to the wound's evolving state.The medical device involves placing the injured limb in a sterile  hermetic enclosure that provides permanent direct visual access to the wound. Within this enclosure  oxygenation  temperature  and humidity levels are continuously controlled by a generator. Thus  healthcare providers can adjust the environmental parameters around the wound at any time according to its evolving condition.This technology revolutionizes the management of complex wounds by:Cutting the time needed for optimal tissue generation  allowing for coverage procedures such as grafts to be performed in 10 days instead of the 20 days required with existing solutionsin 10 days instead of the 20 days required with existing solutions to save valuable time for healthcare professionals through direct visualization of the wound  without the need to change dressings or dedicated devices  and through the simple and intuitive handling of the generator  even for non-specialized healthcare professionalsthrough direct visualization of the wound  without the need to change dressings or dedicated devices  and through the simple and intuitive handling of the generator  even for non-specialized healthcare professionals to improve the patient's quality of life by eliminating pain associated with dressing changes or devices  to save time for healthcare staff  thus contributing to reducing the costs of wound careComplex wounds: A major public health challenge still poorly controlled and a voluminous market with strong growthApproximately 1% of the European population and 2.5% of the US population suffer from chronic wounds. In France  about 1 million people suffer from complex wounds. The global wound care market is a voluminous and rapidly expanding market  projected to reach 18.7 billion dollars by 2027  with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.6%. The market's growth is mainly attributed to the aging population and the increasing incidence of chronic diseases such as diabetes.A merger with the ambition to create a reference leader in the management of complex woundsVistacare Medical's technological breakthrough has allowed it to raise 7.2 million euros since its inception  including 4 million euros in capital from two investment funds  CapInnov'Est (France) and Noshaq (Belgium).The technological innovation offered by Vistacare Medical  the financial contribution  and the stock listing of Quantum Genomics  along with the complementary expertise of the teams  are all assets that should enable the new entity to establish a prominent position in the market for complex wound management  where unmet needs persist. The merger of Quantum Genomics and Vistacare Medical will allow:The continued deployment of the patented Vistacare device  already implemented in about thirty hospitals in France and potentially in international markets with strong prospects (Europe  United Arab Emirates  USA)Further development towards a connected ambulatory version  providing effective treatment to all patients with complex wounds worldwide  regardless of their treatment location  be it in hospitals or at homeThe continuation of R&D operations in Liège  supported by the Walloon Region  by its subsidiary VistaCare Medical Benelux.They saidFrançois Dufaÿ  President and Founder of Vistacare Medical:The approach of WEC therapy developed by VistaCare Medical is radically different from conventional practices in the treatment of complex wounds. It gives patients a chance to heal through effective and reproducible treatment - regardless of their treatment location  including home care in the future  with the development of an ambulatory device. WEC therapy  currently used as a second-line treatment  is gradually becoming a first-line treatment alongside existing techniques in the services that use it routinely. The prospect of accelerating the development of Vistacare Medical through the merger with Quantum Genomics is excellent news to provide this therapeutic innovation to patients in need  in the best possible time and conditions.»Thierry Sarda  CEO of Vistacare Medical : « I am delighted with this merger that will propel VistaCare Medical into a new dimension. The new financial and human resources provided by Quantum Genomics will enable us to accelerate our development in France and explore new international markets  with the aim of becoming a major player in the management of complex wounds. »Francois Durvye  CEO of Otium Capital  Quantum Genomics' leading shareholder and a historical leader in private equity in France  managing 1.2 billion euros in assets: “We renew our full confidence in the Quantum Genomics team with whom we wish to continue this entrepreneurial adventure. This new project makes even more sense as it brings real technological innovation in an important area of healthcare with unmet needs and allows for the combination of complementary experiences  talents  and skills. We are pleased with the speed of Quantum Genomics' repositioning.""Jean-Philippe Milon  President and CEO of Quantum Genomics : « This merger with Vistacare Medical comes after an in-depth strategic analysis conducted by our team to effectively reposition the company. As we had said  we sought collaboration with a company in the healthcare sector that meets four criteria: a major business area  an innovative and distinctive project  a know-how replicable internationally  and a high-performing team complementary to ours to support the project. These criteria naturally led us to take an interest in Vistacare Medical and its technological innovation  which meet all our selection criteria. »Jean-François RAX  Member of the Management Board and Director of Participations at Cap Innov'Est: « We are very happy to see VistaCare  whom we have been supporting since late 2014  enter a new phase of development. This operation will allow the company to fully deploy its commercial potential while continuing to develop its second product dedicated to home hospitalization. The human synergy between the teams of Quantum Genomics and VistaCare will make this merger a true success.»Eric Brandt  Investment Manager at Noshaq : « We fully support this merger initiative  as it will offer VistaCare Medical the opportunity to accelerate its commercial growth and expand internationally. The additional financial resources will also strengthen research and development activities  consolidating its position as a leader in the development of innovative solutions for contactless treatment of complex wounds. We congratulate the management of both companies for this merger.»As of the date of this press release:Otium Capital and Jean-Philippe Milon hold 11.6% and 2.2% of the share capital of Quantum Genomics  respectively.François Dufaÿ  Thierry Sarda  Cap Innov'Est  and Noshaq hold 16.1%  0.12%  46.5%  and 15.2% of the share capital of Vistacare Medical  respectively[2].Characteristics of the proposed operationKey terms of the operationA letter of intent outlining the main terms of the proposed transaction was signed on July 19  2023  between the majority shareholders of Vistacare Medical and Quantum Genomics  as decided by its Board of Directors.The proposed capital merger operation would ultimately result in the absorption merger of Vistacare Medical by Quantum Genomics and would be executed through a share exchange.The selected valuations  namely approximately €10 million for Vistacare Medical and approximately €6 million for Quantum Genomics  should ensure that Quantum Genomics' shareholders retain at least 37.50% and up to 40.00% of Quantum Genomics' capital after the operation. Thus  a Quantum Genomics shareholder holding 1% of the company's capital before the operation would hold a capital stake ranging between 0.375% and 0.4% of Quantum Genomics' capital following the proposed operation. A nominal value reduction of Quantum Genomics' shares will be carried out before the proposed operation to ensure this exchange parity.The operation is fully supported by the main shareholders of Quantum Genomics and Vistacare Medical  namely Otium Capital on the side of Quantum Genomics  and François Dufay (President and Founder)  Noshaq  and Cap Innov'est on the side of Vistacare Medical.The Letter of Intent (LOI) includes standard exclusivity provisions and customary commitments until the completion of the proposed transaction  including  as suspensive conditions for the completion of the operation  the completion of satisfactory cross-audits and the issuance of reports by an independent appraiser providing a favorable opinion on the valuation of the contributed securities and the fairness of the exchange ratio.A commissioner in charge of appraisals will be appointed to establish reports on the value of the contributions and the fairness of the exchange ratio in the context of the proposed transaction  which will not require the establishment of a prospectus but the filing of an exemption document with the Financial Markets Authority.The Letter of Intent stipulates an exclusivity obligation for the parties until December 15  2023.Indicative timetable and upcoming deadlinesThe Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of Quantum Genomics  which is currently anticipated for Q4 2023  will be called upon to vote on the proposed operation. The EGM will also be asked to approve the change of name of the new entity  marking the beginning of a new strategic development phase.As a reminder  the EGM makes decisions by a two-thirds majority of the votes held by the shareholders present or represented.As an indication  the proposed operation's timeline would be as follows:Early October 2023: Publication of Quantum Genomics' financial results for the first half of 2023.4th quarter of 2023: Convocation and holding of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Quantum Genomics.4th quarter of 2023: Contribution of Vistacare's shares to Quantum Genomics  merger/dissolution - consolidation  and commencement of the activities of the new entity resulting from the merger.Governance of the new structureUpon completion of the proposed operation  Mr. Jean-Philippe Milon  CEO of Quantum Genomics  will resign from his position as CEO and become Chairman of the Board of Directors of the new entity.Mr. François Dufay  President and founder of Vistacare Medical  will become Chief Scientific Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of the new entity.Mr. Thierry Sarda  the current CEO of Vistacare Medical  will become CEO and a member of the Board of Directors of the new entity.Mr. Benoit Gueugnon  the current Chief Administrative and Financial Officer of Quantum Genomics  will retain his position.The Board of Directors of the new entity will be composed of members of the management  investors  and independent directors.ContactsQuantum Genomics is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0011648971 - ALQGC)Learn more on www.quantum-genomics.com and our Twitter and Linkedin accountsQuantum Genomics contact@quantum-genomics.com Valfa Communication (EUROPE) Financial and Media Communicationirquantumgenomics@gmail.com[1]Estimated cash available to the new entity following the share contribution operation  which will need to be approved by Quantum Genomics' shareholders[2] François Dufaÿ  Thierry Sarda  Cap Innov'Est  and Noshaq respectively hold 17.8%  5.9%  39.2%  and 12.8% of Vistacare Medical's fully diluted capital.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mpxrk5ablJvHm25yasZrmWVpbpeTmZHHmpaammhtmJvGbJ5ml2aUm8mVZnFilW5q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81094-cp-loi-vistacare-qg-v-20-07-2023-vdef-english-version-2.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.88,0.11,mixed,0.29,0.14,0.57,True,English,"['Quantum Genomics', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Vistacare Medical', 'reference player', 'complex wounds', 'ambition', 'management', 'major public health challenge', 'permanent direct visual access', 'A French HealthTech company', 'compound annual growth rate', 'three essential environmental parameters', 'global wound care market', 'optimal tissue generation', 'two investment funds', 'United Arab Emirates', 'R&D operations', 'François Dufa', 'consolidated cash position', 'several French hospitals', 'strong recurring revenue', 'Wound Environment Controlled', 'sterile, hermetic enclosure', 'specialized healthcare professionals', 'VistaCare Medical Benelux', 'complex wound management', 'major breakthrough', 'three variables', 'direct visualization', 'strong growth', 'prominent position', 'healthcare providers', 'healthcare staff', 'strong prospects', 'Euronext Growth', 'complex wounds', 'medical community', 'Quantum Genomics', 'exclusive negotiations', 'reference player', 'CE marking', 'unmet needs', 'business model', 'fourth quarter', 'second quarter', '4.3 million euros', 'closing date', 'name change', 'revolutionary approach', 'WEC therapy', 'innovative concept', 'oxygen content', 'innovative procedures', 'evolving state', 'evolving condition', 'coverage procedures', 'existing solutions', 'intuitive handling', 'dressing changes', 'European population', 'US population', 'chronic wounds', '1 million people', '18.7 billion dollars', 'aging population', 'increasing incidence', 'chronic diseases', 'reference leader', 'technological breakthrough', '7.2 million euros', '4 million euros', ""CapInnov'Est"", 'technological innovation', 'financial contribution', 'stock listing', 'complementary expertise', 'new entity', 'continued deployment', 'thirty hospitals', 'international markets', 'Further development', 'ambulatory version', 'Liège', 'Walloon Region', 'expanding market', 'medical device', 'Vistacare device', 'dedicated devices', 'voluminous market', 'revolutionary technology', 'Financial visibility', 'innovative technology', 'humidity levels', 'effective treatment', 'treatment location', 'traditional dressings', 'valuable time', 'merger completion', 'ambition', 'support', 'growing', 'ALQGC', 'originator', 'patented', 'healing', 'temperature', 'injured', 'limb', 'oxygenation', 'generator', 'grafts', '10 days', '20 days', 'simple', 'patient', 'quality', 'life', 'pain', 'costs', 'France', 'CAGR', 'diabetes', 'inception', 'capital', 'Noshaq', 'Belgium', 'teams', 'assets', 'USA', 'home', 'continuation', 'subsidiary']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28056,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WALLIX-GROUP-22497377/news/Wallix-Group-WALLIX-Acceleration-of-growth-in-H1-2023-and-significant-increase-in-recurring-44381986/,Wallix Group :  WALLIX : Acceleration of growth in H1 2023 and significant increase in recurring business,(marketscreener.com)  EMEA business: return to record growth rates of nearly 33% and significant increase in monthly recurring business;Enhanced offering: expansion into the identity and access governance segment with the acquisition of Kleverware and lau…,"EMEA business: return to record growth rates of nearly 33% (excluding Russia) and significant increase in monthly recurring business;Enhanced offering: expansion into the identity and access governance segment with the acquisition of Kleverware and launch of the SaaS version of WALLIX PAM4ALL;OT segment: signing of several contracts with key accounts in Europe.Paris  July 20  2023 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  reports its unaudited H1 2023 turnover.Unaudited data  €000 H1 2022 H1 2023 Change Consolidated turnover 11 034 13 943 +26.4% Consolidated turnover excluding Russia 10 671 13 791 +29.2%Jean-Noël de Galzain  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the WALLIX GROUP  said: “First half 2023 marked a return to organic hypergrowth for WALLIX  in line with our strategic plan and goals. Sales momentum was particularly strong in our traditional markets of Europe and Africa/Middle East (excluding Russia)  up 33%  particularly among medium-sized companies and with a growing number of major projects in the industrial sector.The strengthening of our sales organization during the year created fresh impetus within the company's sales model  aligning the various departments around common objectives  in line with our reseller  integrator and distributor partners  giving us confidence in our ability to scale up and sustain the rhythm in future.During the period  we continued to enhance our offering with the launch of SaaS Remote Access  the WALLIX PAM4ALL solution for secure management of mobility and remote access in companies. We also acquired Kleverware to expand our offering  opening up the strategic segment of identity and access governance  and more broadly that of cloud infrastructure security. Innovation remains a key growth driver for WALLIX.In the current environment  we remain on the lookout for external growth opportunities that would strengthen WALLIX's offering  skills or positioning in its target markets. The recent fundraiser of over €10 million gives us the financial flexibility we need to continue stepping up our development in buoyant cybersecurity markets and boost our capacity to support the transformation of the industrial sector  which is still poorly equipped for cyber protection and in which WALLIX intends to develop WALLIX Inside digital solutions.”Acceleration of business in the first halfBusiness growth accelerated in the first half  with sales up 26.4% to €13.9 million (up 29.2% excluding Russia).These high growth rates are achieved while shifting our business model to a subscription model guarantees recurring business and improved financial visibility while weighing on short-term turnover recognition.Consolidated since May 17  2023  Kleverware contributed turnover of €204 000.Over the period as a whole  the pace of client acquisition remained brisk  with 225 contracts signed  bringing the number of active contracts to 2 525 at June 30  2023. This is the result of buoyant business with small and medium-sized companies  with solid momentum from the partner network. The first half also saw an upturn in business in key accounts  particularly in the European operational technology (OT) sector. This confirms the relevance of the Group's offering  already acclaimed by leading market analysts Gartner and Kuppingercole  for securing industrial systems and networks in organizations in sensitive sectors.Business growth by region:Business in France accelerated further during the first half  with turnover up 25.8% to €8.5 million. Over the period as a whole  sales momentum largely remained brisk among small and medium-sized businesses  particularly in the most sensitive sectors such as healthcare and industry.The Europe  Middle East  Africa (EMEA) segment excluding France was extremely dynamic with €5.1 million revenue. Excluding Russia  the region posted hypergrowth of 46.9% with record sales in Italy  Spain and Benelux  where turnover more than tripled  and continued solid growth in Africa/Middle East.The USA and Rest of World region  not yet significant for the Group  accounts for only 2.8% of Group turnover with €388 thousands revenue.Continued growth in recurring businessUnaudited data  €000 H1 2022 H1 2023 Change Annual recurring revenue (ARR) 13 464 16 987 +26.2%Monthly recurring revenue (MRR) for the first half totaled €1.4 million  up 26.2% versus H1 2022  representing €17.0 million in recurring business on an annual basis.Meanwhile  license sales were up 34.3%  reflecting the upturn in business investment needed to cope with the expansion of cloud solution deployments across all organizations  and regulatory compliance requirements.An eventful first halfWALLIX posted an excellent performance in the first half  confirming the target of accelerating organic growth for 2023 announced by the Group in its 2022 annual results press release. EMEA excluding Russia  representing 96% of the Group's business  returned to hypergrowth rates despite the significant rise in recurring business that gives an increasingly high level of visibility on future business.In line with the Group's strategy  WALLIX continued to enhance its offering resulting in two major events: entry into the identity and access governance segment with the acquisition of Kleverware  and the launch of SaaS Remote Access.With the acquisition of Kleverware  a European specialist in digital identity and access governance  WALLIX has strengthened its offering in the booming cloud infrastructure cybersecurity market. This is a strategic move since it gives the Group access to CIEM technology (Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management) that is emerging as the go-to standard for access management and application of the “least privilege” principle in cloud infrastructures. This development is a significant growth driver insofar as it targets the cloud services market estimated at $600 billion and growing 20% per year.SaaS Remote Access was launched in the second quarter of 2023. This is the SaaS version of the WALLIX PAM4ALL solution and it has already been part of a co-development with WALLIX's strategic partner Axians (VINCI Energies)  with the launch of WaaSA -Wallix as a Service by Axians. WaaSA is now operating in Axians' data centers in France  and fully meets the needs of Essential Service Operators  the majority of which are Axians clients  who are required to implement sovereign solutions for securing and tracking all access in order to comply with the NIS2 directive by 2024.OT segment Is a growth driver for WALLIX which holds recognized positioning thanks to its OT.security solution on this segment. Business momentum was extremely strong in the first half  with the signing of several major OT contracts in Europe. For instance  WALLIX has signed a contract with one of the world's largest producers and distributors of domestic appliances and televisions to secure remote access by third-party suppliers to its OT systems in its Italian plants. The Group has also been chosen by German company Viastore  an international supplier of logistics systems used in over 3 000 distribution centers worldwide  to provide its clients with secure access to its systems.WALLIX's strategy is to continue developing and enhancing its solutions by adding complementary technological building blocks  and to develop its expertise to ensure future growth  both organically and through targeted acquisitions thanks to the recent fundraiser of over €10.5 million.WALLIX thus reaffirms its ambition of sustaining its growth momentum to create a European Cybersecurity Champion and reach operating breakeven by 2024.Next publication: H1 2023 results  October 12  2023ABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is the European specialist in access and digital identity security and the world leader in PAM (Privileged Access Management). Its technologies enable organizations to meet today's challenges in IT network protection and data security. They also provide detection and resilience to cyberattacks and protect organizations' digital assets in addition to maintaining business continuity of IT systems  in the cloud  and in industrial networks. These technologies simplify compliance with regulatory requirements for access to critical IT infrastructure and data. With its PAM4ALL  PAM4OT  and Trustelem solutions  WALLIX helps its customers modernize their information systems and put cybersecurity at the service of their digital transformation. The company relies on a network of certified distributors  resellers  and integrators to support more than 2 000 organizations worldwide in all sectors of the economy. The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure Thierry Dassault Holding are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comPRESS CONTACTWALLIXCharlène MOUGEOT - Communication Managercmougeot@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestor Relations - Hélène DE WATTEVILLE+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Déborah SCHWARTZ+33 6 27 09 05 73 / dschwartz@actus.frAPPENDIXTurnover by geographical areaUnaudited data  €000 H1 2022 H1 2023 Change France 6 737 8 479 +25.8% EMEA outside France 3 716 5 076 +36.6% EMEA outside France and Russia 3 353 4 924 +46.9% USA and Rest of World 581 388 -33.1% Consolidated turnover 11 034 13 943 +26.4% Consolidated turnover excluding Russia 10 671 13 791 +29.2%Turnover by activityUnaudited data  €000 H1 2022 H1 2023 Change Licenses[1] 3 622 4 863 +34.3% Maintenance & Subscriptions[2] 6 600 8 200 +24.2% Professional services 813 880 +8.3% Consolidated turnover 11 034 13 943 +26.4% Annual recurring revenue (ARR) 13 464 16 987 +26.2%[1] including equipment sales[2] including managed servicesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yW9yYcluZpmYyWxvlp5paGWUapdikpWUmGHJxZZtlZmWmnBlyGySnJqXZnFilmVp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81103-wallix_ca_s1_2023_vdef_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['significant increase', 'recurring business', 'Wallix Group', 'Acceleration', 'growth', 'H1', 'European operational technology (OT) sector', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'Jean-Noël de Galzain', '2022 annual results press release', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'cloud infrastructure security', 'leading market analysts', 'cloud solution deployments', 'regulatory compliance requirements', 'external growth opportunities', 'buoyant cybersecurity markets', 'privileged access management', 'high growth rates', 'short-term turnover recognition', 'key growth driver', 'SaaS Remote Access', 'Annual recurring revenue', 'record growth rates', 'access governance segment', 'eventful first half', 'monthly recurring business', 'WALLIX PAM4ALL solution', 'unaudited H1 2023 turnover', 'OT segment', 'industrial sector', 'annual basis', 'SaaS version', 'secure management', 'record sales', 'key accounts', 'Unaudited data', 'traditional markets', 'solid growth', 'organic growth', 'hypergrowth rates', 'buoyant business', 'strategic segment', '€5.1 million revenue', '€388 thousands revenue', 'Business growth', 'significant increase', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'strategic plan', 'Africa/Middle East', 'major projects', 'fresh impetus', 'various departments', 'common objectives', 'distributor partners', 'current environment', 'recent fundraiser', 'financial flexibility', 'cyber protection', 'digital solutions', 'subscription model', 'financial visibility', 'solid momentum', 'partner network', 'industrial systems', 'sensitive sectors', 'medium-sized businesses', 'The USA', 'excellent performance', 'significant rise', 'EMEA) segment', 'Consolidated turnover', 'Sales momentum', 'sales organization', 'sales model', 'license sales', 'target markets', 'business model', 'business investment', 'several contracts', 'organic hypergrowth', 'medium-sized companies', 'active contracts', 'growing number', 'client acquisition', 'EMEA business', 'The Europe', 'World region', 'Group turnover', 'Enhanced offering', 'WALLIX GROUP', '225 contracts', 'return', 'Russia', 'expansion', 'identity', 'Kleverware', 'launch', 'signing', 'Paris', 'expert', 'Change', 'Chairman', 'line', 'goals', 'strengthening', 'year', 'company', 'reseller', 'integrator', 'confidence', 'ability', 'rhythm', 'future', 'period', 'mobility', 'Innovation', 'lookout', 'skills', 'positioning', 'development', 'capacity', 'transformation', 'Acceleration', 'May', 'pace', 'June', 'small', 'upturn', 'relevance', 'Gartner', 'Kuppingercole', 'networks', 'organizations', 'France', 'healthcare', 'industry', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Benelux', 'Rest', 'ARR', 'MRR']",2023-07-21,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28057,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENOGIA-124598158/news/ENOGIA-First-half-2023-revenue-126-44381478/,ENOGIA: First-half 2023 revenue: +126%,(marketscreener.com) ENOGIAENOGIA: First-half 2023 revenue: +126% 20-Jul-2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. …,ENOGIAENOGIA: First-half 2023 revenue: +126%20-Jul-2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.First-half 2023 revenue: +126% Driven by a favourable environment  revenuemore than doubled to €2.4mConfirmation of all financial targets for 2025 Capital increase with preferential subscription rights underway(trading of preferential subscription rights until 21 July 2023 and subscriptions until 25 July 2023) Marseille  20 July 2023 – 6 p.m. ENOGIA (ISIN code: FR0014004974 – ticker: ALENO  an expert in micro-turbomachinery for the energy transition  is reporting its revenue for the first half of 2023. Revenue (€k) H1 2022 H1 2023 Change Revenue 1 041 2 352 +126% ORC Modules 940 2 224 +137% Turbomachines and Hydrogen Compressors 101 129 +28% ENOGIA’s H1 2023 revenue amounted to €2.4 million  up 126% compared with the same period in 2022. Export sales accounted for 96% of revenue  compared with 83% in the first half of 2022. This development chiefly reflects ENOGIA’s faster business growth in Western Europe – particularly Germany – the region of the world most heavily affected by rising energy costs. Significant acceleration in revenue and commercial activity The ORC Modules business generated revenue of €2.2 million in the first half of 2023  compared with €1.0 million in the same period in 2022. Its strong growth (+137%) was fuelled notably by progress on the contract for the anaerobic digestion plant in Germany. Under this contract for a total of 40 ORC modules  the first four machines were delivered and invoiced in June  followed by a further batch of six machines this month. On the commercial front  the new Green Shield Power Solution range of economy-of-use ORC modules is attracting keen of interest  as evidenced by the signing of an initial contract with an agricultural grouping in Normandy during the first half. This contract  backed by a joint investment with financial partner Eiffel Gaz Vert  covers the sale of electricity (PPA model) and the provision of maintenance services for a period of 10 years. ENOGIA’s second business  Turbomachinery and Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressors  generated revenue of €0.13 million in the first half of 2023  representing growth of 28%. The company’s invoicing and commercial activity varied depending on the markets addressed. On the one hand  services for the design and manufacture of custom turbomachinery for industry are growing strongly. In May  for example  ENOGIA was selected by STX Engine (a subsidiary of South Korean conglomerate STX) to develop a turbomachine as part of a CO 2 capture project in maritime transport. Discussions are underway with several other manufacturers committed to decarbonisation.On the other hand  in the hydrogen fuel cell compressor market  ENOGIA’s growth has been slowed by the longer-than-expected rollout of the hydrogen ecosystem. Faced with this delay  as well as mobility players’ need for products manufactured in a certified environment  ENOGIA continues to prioritise the search for industrial partners for its hydrogen fuel cell compressors. Robust order book  confirmation of 2025 targets In a context of persistently high energy costs across Europe  ENOGIA’s range of solutions based on unique micro-turbomachinery technology is attracting growing interest  fuelling a substantial sales pipeline[1] worth more than €140 million as of 30 June 2023. The order book[2] also remains robust at over €5 million  and €3.7 million excluding the ORC contract in China. Performance of this contract  which was virtually halted in 2022  is now resuming very gradually in the face of economic difficulties experienced by ENOGIA’s Chinese partner. Since the second half of 2022  the company has been experiencing an acceleration in its growth  which is set to continue thanks to the stellar performance of the ORC Module business and the service-driven ramp-up of the Turbomachinery and Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressor division. ENOGIA is anticipating a fourfold increase in this division’s revenue in 2023. The financial targets announced in conjunction with the launch of the ongoing capital increase (see press release dated 10 July 2023) are therefore confirmed: ENOGIA expects its revenue to grow by more than 50% over the full year in 2023  with EBITDA at breakeven. Revenue growth is also expected to average more than 50% per annum in both 2024 and 2025  and ENOGIA will be able to accelerate its path towards profitability thanks to strong operating leverage resulting in positive free cash flow from 2025. Capital increase with preferential subscription rights of approximately €4 million currently underway The press release of 10 July 2023 announced changes to ENOGIA’s governance and the launch of a capital increase. The capital increase is still underway: preferential subscription rights can be traded on the market until 21 July 2023 (ISIN code DPS FR001400J9B3) and can be exercised until 25 July 2023. • Subscription price: 2 euros per new share • Subscription ratio: 1 new share for 2 existing shares • Subscription period: from 14 July to 25 July 2023 inclusive • Firm subscription commitments of €2.7 million  including €1.5 million from Duna & Cie (holding company jointly owned by Éric Blanc-Garin and Yazid Sabeg) • Investment eligible for scheme 150-0 B ter of the French General Tax Code (reinvestment of capital gains) • ENOGIA shares eligible for FIP-FCPI (Bpifrance “innovative company” qualification)  equity savings plans (PEA and PEA PME-ETI)  IR-PME scheme Next release: Half-year results on 18 October 2023 after trading About ENOGIA ENOGIA responds to the major challenges of the ecological and energy transition with its unique and patented technology of compact  light and durable micro-turbomachinery. As the French leader in heat-to-electricity conversion with its wide range of ORC modules  ENOGIA enables its customers to produce decarbonised electricity and to recover waste or renewable heat. Since 2020  ENOGIA has also been marketing air compressors for Hydrogen Fuel Cells  thereby contributing to the development of hydrogen mobility  a booming market. With sales in more than 25 countries  ENOGIA continues to prospect for new customers in France and internationally. Founded in 2009 and based in Marseille  ENOGIA has some 60 employees involved in the design  production and marketing of environmentally friendly technological solutions. ENOGIA’s CSR commitment represents an “Advanced” level of performance according to EthiFinance. ENOGIA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Ticker: ALENO. ISIN code: FR0014004974. LEI: 969500IANLNITRI3R653. Contacts EnogiaAntonin Pauchet Deputy CEOantonin.pauchet@enogia.com04 84 25 60 17ActifinMarianne PyInvestor relationsmpy@actifin.fr01 80 48 25 31 ActifinLoris DaougabelPress relationsldaougabel@actifin.fr01 56 88 11 16 Find all of ENOGIA’s news onhttps://enogia.com/investisseurs [1] Projects for which a detailed or preliminary estimate has been issued. [2]Cumulative orders signed less the amount of progress on the contract. Progress is calculated as the ratio between the expenses incurred and the project expenditure budget. Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: 23 07-20 ENOGIA_CP CA S1 Vdéf ENG,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.14,0.34,True,English,"['First-half 2023 revenue', 'ENOGIA', 'new Green Shield Power Solution range', 'hydrogen fuel cell compressor market', 'Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressor division', 'Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressors', 'positive free cash flow', 'South Korean conglomerate STX', 'The ORC Modules business', 'French Regulatory News', 'anaerobic digestion plant', 'Eiffel Gaz Vert', 'CO 2 capture project', 'mobility players’ need', 'preferential subscription rights', 'rising energy costs', 'high energy costs', 'several other manufacturers', 'substantial sales pipeline', 'ORC Module business', 'strong operating leverage', 'Robust order book', 'unique micro-turbomachinery technology', 'ISIN code DPS', 'faster business growth', 'first four machines', 'ongoing capital increase', 'Hydrogen Compressors', 'new share', 'hydrogen ecosystem', '40 ORC modules', 'second business', 'STX Engine', 'Subscription price', 'energy transition', 'Export sales', 'six machines', 'other hand', '2025 Capital increase', 'strong growth', 'first half', 'fourfold increase', 'EQS Group', 'favourable environment', 'commercial activity', 'commercial front', 'agricultural grouping', 'joint investment', 'financial partner', 'PPA model', 'one hand', 'maritime transport', 'certified environment', 'industrial partners', 'economic difficulties', 'Chinese partner', 'second half', 'service-driven ramp-up', 'press release', 'full year', 'ORC contract', 'financial targets', 'same period', 'Western Europe', 'Significant acceleration', 'maintenance services', 'growing interest', 'stellar performance', 'First-half 2023 revenue', 'Change Revenue', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'initial contract', 'custom turbomachinery', 'Revenue growth', '2025 targets', 'ENOGIA', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Confirmation', '21 July', 'subscriptions', '25 July', 'Marseille', 'ticker', 'ALENO', 'expert', 'Turbomachines', 'development', 'Germany', 'region', 'world', 'progress', 'total', 'June', 'batch', 'economy', 'use', 'keen', 'signing', 'Normandy', 'electricity', 'provision', '10 years', 'company', 'invoicing', 'markets', 'design', 'industry', 'May', 'example', 'subsidiary', 'Discussions', 'decarbonisation', 'expected', 'rollout', 'delay', 'products', 'search', 'context', 'solutions', 'China', 'face', 'conjunction', 'launch', 'EBITDA', 'path', 'profitability', '10 July', 'changes', 'governance', '2 euros', '6', '2022']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28058,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-Simplified-tender-offer-from-Eagle-Football-offer-cleared-by-the-AM-44383065/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe :  Simplified tender offer from Eagle Football: offer cleared by the AMF - offer to open from July 20 to August 2  2023,(marketscreener.com)  Joint press release OL Groupe - Eagle Football Lyon  20 July 2023  9.00pm .On June 22  Eagle Football Holdings Bidco Limited filed a simplified mandatory cash tender offer for the shares of OL Groupe   at a price of 3 euros per sha…,"Joint press release OL Groupe - Eagle FootballLyon  20 July 2023  9.00pm .On June 22  Eagle Football Holdings Bidco Limited (the ""Offeror"" or ""Eagle Football"") filed a simplified mandatory cash tender offer (the ""Offer"") for the shares of OL Groupe (the ""Company"")  at a price of 3 euros per share. On the same day  OL Groupe filed its draft response memorandum  including the reasoned opinion of its Board of Directors on the Offer and the independent expert's report.The Financial Markets Authority (the ""AMF"") has issued on July 18  2023 a positive opinion on the compliance of the Offer and has issued its visa on the offer document and the response memorandum relating to the Offer. The Offer will be open from July 20 to August 2  2023 (included).It is recalled that the Offeror already holds 78.34% of the share capital and 77.39% of the theoretical voting rights[1] of OL Groupe  and that the Offer targets all OL Groupe shares other than (i) shares held by the Offeror  (ii) shares held by Holnest (Jean-Michel Aulas' family office)  which has undertaken not to tender its shares to the Offer  (iii) free shares currently subject to a lock-up period  and (iv) treasury shares  which the Company's Board of Directors has decided not to tender to the Offer.With respect to its plans for OL Groupe  the Offeror wishes to highlight certain elements of its strategic intentions  including its plans to remain a publicly listed company and pursue the migration of its public listing to the New York Stock Exchange  as such has previously been disclosed in the offer document. The Offeror  in its capacity as majority shareholder of the Company  intends to support the Company in the implementation of key initiatives that are intended to:improve the competitive success of its professional men's team through direct investment in player acquisitions and through intense collaboration with other football clubs controlled by the Offeror restructure the professional women's program through the creation of a new company  OL Groupe being minority shareholder  solely focused on women's football  the goal of which should be to strengthen the competitive posture of women's program  better utilize the program's reputation as the world's #1 professional women's team to drive global recognition for the Company's principal trademarks  establish separate and meaningful valuation of the women's program in partnership with a strong U.S. partner  all while eliminating the significant direct costs borne by the Company for operating such program directly position the Company and its shareholders to potentially realize greater liquidity and valuation benefits through the potential listing of the Company's securities on the New York Stock Exchange (or equivalent stock exchange  such as Nasdaq)  andfurther develop the Company's capabilities globally  most notably through collaboration with other prominent football clubs owned by Offeror which is intended to create benefits from operational synergies  player identification and asset creation  and the sharing of best practices in administration  technology  data and sporting decisions.The terms of the Offer are described in the Offeror's offer document and OL Groupe's response memorandum  which are available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the Company (https://investisseur.olympiquelyonnais.com/)  and may be obtained free of charge from Olympique Lyonnais Groupe's registered office at 10 avenue Simone Veil - 69150 Décines-Charpieu (Rhône).WarningThis press release does not constitute an offer to purchase securities . The Offer will only be made in accordance with the Offer Documents  which contain the full terms and conditions of the Offer. Any decision relating to the Offer must be based exclusively on the information contained in the Offer Documents.This press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to the public. The distribution of this press release  the Offer and its acceptance may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The Offer is not addressed to persons who are subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and does not constitute an offer to the public restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and is not likely to be accepted in any country where the where the Offer would be subject to such restrictions. This press release is not for distribution in such countries. Consequently  persons into whose possession this press release comes are required to inform themselves about any local restrictions that may apply  and to make themselves aware of any such restrictions that may apply and to comply with them. OL Groupe declines all responsibility for any breach of these restrictions by any person whatsoever.Pursuant to Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055 of June 29  2016 laying down implementing technical standards with regard to the technical means for appropriate public disclosure of inside information and for delaying the public disclosure of inside information in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council  this press release may contain inside information and has been communicated to OL Group's professional information provider.Tel: +33 4 81 07 55 00Fax: +33 4 81 07 45 65Email : investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.fr Euronext Paris - compartment CIndices: CAC Small - CAC Mid & Small - CAC All-Tradable - CAC All-Share - CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code: FR0010428771Reuters : OL GROUPE.PABloomberg: OL GROUPE FPICB : 40501030 Services de loisirs[1] Based on a share capital composed of 175 873 471 shares representing 178 045 830 theoretical voting rights as of July 5  2023 (in accordance with article 223-11 of the AMF's general regulations).It should be noted that 207 000 shares are also assimilated to Eagle Football's shareholding under Article L. 233-9  I°  4° of the French Commercial Code. Taking this assimilation into account  Eagle Football holds 78.46% of OL Groupe's share capital and 77.50% of its theoretical voting rights..This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mmifY8qZlJrJym2dZ5hrbmlnm5iSl2DJZ5KZyWNxZZfJmJpkyZeXnMiZZnFilmVr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases during takeover bids :- Takeover bids Other news releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81105-olg-communique-conjoint-relatif-a-la-conformite-en-vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.29,0.58,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'Simplified tender offer', 'Eagle Football', 'AMF', 'July', 'August', 'Eagle Football Holdings Bidco Limited', 'strong U.S. partner', 'The Financial Markets Authority', ""Jean-Michel Aulas' family office"", 'New York Stock Exchange', 'other prominent football clubs', 'mandatory cash tender offer', 'equivalent stock exchange', 'other football clubs', 'theoretical voting rights', 'Commission Implementing Regulation', 'significant direct costs', 'Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'draft response memorandum', 'appropriate public disclosure', 'Joint press release', 'OL Groupe shares', 'registered office', 'direct investment', 'new company', 'The Offeror', 'same day', 'independent expert', 'lock-up period', 'strategic intentions', 'public listing', 'majority shareholder', 'key initiatives', 'competitive success', 'professional men', 'player acquisitions', 'minority shareholder', 'competitive posture', 'global recognition', 'principal trademarks', 'meaningful valuation', 'greater liquidity', 'potential listing', 'operational synergies', 'player identification', 'best practices', 'sporting decisions', 'Simone Veil', '69150 Décines-Charpieu', 'Rhône', 'specific regulations', 'technical standards', 'technical means', 'information purposes', 'inside information', 'positive opinion', 'share capital', 'free shares', 'intense collaboration', 'asset creation', 'full terms', 'offer document', 'public restrictions', 'local restrictions', 'professional women', '20 July', 'June', 'simplified', 'price', '3 euros', 'Board', 'Directors', 'report', 'AMF', 'compliance', 'visa', 'August', 'Holnest', 'respect', 'plans', 'elements', 'migration', 'capacity', 'implementation', 'team', 'program', 'goal', 'reputation', 'world', 'separate', 'partnership', 'shareholders', 'benefits', 'securities', 'Nasdaq', 'capabilities', 'sharing', 'administration', 'technology', 'data', 'websites', 'investisseur', 'olympiquelyonnais', 'charge', '10 avenue', 'Warning', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'distribution', 'acceptance', 'countries', 'persons', 'country', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'breach', 'regard']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28059,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TIKEHAU-CAPITAL-34204863/news/Tikehau-Capital-signs-agreement-to-acquire-a-majority-stake-in-CROWD-to-support-its-growth-44378179/,Tikehau Capital : signs agreement to acquire a majority stake in CROWD to support its growth,(marketscreener.com)   Tikehau Capital signs agreement to acquire a majority stake in CROWD to   support its growth   Amsterdam  Paris  Frankfurt  20 July 2023 - Tikehau Capital  the global alternative asset management group  announced today that it h…,"Tikehau Capital signs agreement to acquire a majority stake in CROWD to support its growth Amsterdam  Paris  Frankfurt  20 July 2023 - Tikehau Capital  the global alternative asset management group  announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire a majority stake in CReators of the Outside WorlD (""CROWD""  or ""the Company"")  a pan- European leading provider of cycling infrastructure and sustainable street furniture  based in the Netherlands  with a strong presence in the DACH Region  from Convent Capital  an investment company based in Amsterdam. Founded in 2014  CROWD provides premium cycling infrastructure and street furniture products  with a focus on circularity and digital city solutions. Through solid organic growth  coupled with several strategic acquisitions  CROWD has experienced strong growth to become a leading pan-European player in the industry  boasting superior market shares across DACH  Benelux  UK and Nordics. In 2022  the Company generated over €120m in revenue and grew to nearly 500 employees. Tikehau Capital's majority investment in CROWD will mark a key milestone in the execution of the Company's growth strategy. Through this partnership  Tikehau Capital will provide CROWD with operational and strategic support to consolidate its market-leading position  leverage its global network to help accelerate its international development and expand its product portfolio with tech-enabled products  among others. CROWD's management team will be reinvesting significantly alongside Tikehau Capital. Tikehau Capital's investment will be made via its private equity decarbonisation strategy* and represents it's twelfth investment to date. Launched in 2018  in partnership with TotalEnergies  the first vintage of this €1.4 billion strategy is one of the largest private equity vehiclessingularly committed to supporting small and medium-sized companies that are driving the decarbonisation of the economy. CROWD is a sustainability-driven company that prioritises circularity throughout its value chain  adhering to the principles of ""maintain  re-use re-furbish  and re-cycle"". CROWD promotes low-carbon mobility  delivering high-quality  sustainable and safe products to cyclists everywhere. CROWD's commitment drives the shift towards greener spaces and a healthier lifestyle and is fully in line with the investment philosophy of Tikehau Capital's Private Equity decarbonisation strategy. CROWD was founded by Convent Capital back in 2014 with a vision to create a pan-European company supporting the transition to low carbon-mobility and promoting the circular economy in its industry. Convent Capital has been actively involved in building the company into a leading player it is today. The acquisition of CROWD by Tikehau Capital marks Convent Capital's third exit from its first investment fund launched in 2011  demonstrating its active support in enabling its investments to capitalise on the opportunities presented by the circular economy. ""CROWD has outperformed the European market and is well positioned to continue its growth trajectory  thanks to its innovative product offering  which supports the shift towards greener spaces and growth of low-carbon mobility. We look forward to working with CROWD's management team in its next chapter of development and expansion  and we are confident in our ability to leverage Tikehau Capital's global network and expertise to support the Company in its strategic objectives. This cross-border deal showcases the strength of our multilocal setup as our private equity teams from Germany  France  and Benelux collaborate in their endeavour to achieve this significant operation "" saidEmmanuel Laillier  Head of Private Equity at Tikehau Capital. James Steward  CEO of CROWD  confirms that  ""Tikehau Capital's investment marks a truly defining moment for us all at CROWD! With the combined resource  network and support from the private equity decarbonisation strategy  we will be able to accelerate our efforts across all areas ensuring the continued facilitation of the micro mobility shift within the built environment and public domain. Additionally  it will allow us to continue to furnish the outside world  encouraging public socialisation  interaction and movement. CROWD's entire management are fully committed and excited to start this next chapter with Tikehau Capital. With a clear focus on expanding into new territories  making internal investments  and improving within manufacturing  insourcing and operational excellence  we aim to enhance intercompany trading and expand our group platform in marketing  finance and ICT. In our view  this newly formed partnership will actively assist in the decarbonisation of the public realm. Lastly  we would like take this opportunity to thank Convent Capital  our previous investor  for the faith  trust and support they have showed over the last years in developing CROWD into the pan-European leader it is today!"" ""Looking back on CROWD's exciting and successful journey  building the company from a regional player to the European market leader it is today  we are proud of what we have achieved together with everyone involved. We would like to thank all employees and CROWD's management in particular for their contribution and effort in realising its success  and for the joy we have had working with them over the years. We believe a bright future lies ahead for CROWD  and although it is with some sadness that we part  we are confident Tikehau Capital is the right partner to guide the company through the next chapter of its successful journey "" addedDirk Hoorn  Founding Partner of Convent Capital.About Tikehau Capital Tikehau Capital is a global alternative asset management group with €39.7 billion of assets under management (at 31 March 2023). Tikehau Capital has developed a wide range of expertise across four asset classes (private debt  real assets  private equity and capital markets strategies) as well as multi- asset and special opportunities strategies. Tikehau Capital is a founder led team with a differentiated business model  a strong balance sheet  proprietary global deal flow and a track record of backing high quality companies and executives. Deeply rooted in the real economy  Tikehau Capital provides bespoke and innovative alternative financing solutions to companies it invests in and seeks to create long-term value for its investors  while generating positive impacts on society. Leveraging its strong equity base (€3.1 billion of shareholders' equity at 31 December 2022)  the firm invests its own capital alongside its investor-clients within each of its strategies. Controlled by its managers alongside leading institutional partners  Tikehau Capital is guided by a strong entrepreneurial spirit and DNA  shared by its 742 employees (at 31 December 2022) across its 15 offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America. Tikehau Capital is listed in compartment A of the regulated Euronext Paris market (ISIN code: FR0013230612; Ticker: TKO.FP). For more information  please visit: www.tikehaucapital.com. About CROWD CReators of the Outside WorlD is an innovative group of established companies that designs and furnishes the public space and built environment. CROWD's key focus areas are within cycling infrastructure  public shelters and street furniture. CROWD aims to make a conscious contribution to the living environment of society by developing products which enable modal transport  socialisation  and interaction  along with sustainable and circularity design principles. Whilst CROWD was founded in 2014  via its buy & build strategy  executed in the main the last 4 years  it consists currently of 6 companies  namely Lumiguide  VelopA  ZIEGLER  IJslander  HITSA (including LAMPAS) and Bailey Street Furniture Group (including Cyclepods). Group turnover is more than €120 mio  with a total of 10 main office locations throughout 8 countries and 5 production locations (as of 30 June 2023). Therefore  CROWD is proud to be Europe's largest street furniture and cycling infrastructure group. For more information  please visit: www.crowdoutside.com About Convent Capital Founded in 2011  Convent Capital is an independent investment company based in the Amsterdam  the Netherlands. From the start  Convent Capital has had a strong focus on sustainability and a dedication to the transition from the current linear economy to a circular economy. Its long-term strategy creates sustainable  high returns for its stakeholders combined with positive societal impact. Convent Capital currently manages two funds. Its first evergreen fund focuses on Dutch SMEs with a strong track record and strategic and operational capabilities. With its recently launched Agri Food Growth Fund  Convent allocates growth capital to innovative and sustainable companies in the agricultural and food industries  and aims to generate a positive impact through every investment. For more information  please visit: www.conventcapital.nl Press contacts: Tikehau Capital: Valérie Sueur - +33 1 40 06 39 30 UK - Prosek Partners: Matthieu Roussellier - +44 (0) 7843 279 966 USA - Prosek Partners: Trevor Gibbons - +1 646 818 9238 press@tikehaucapital.com Shareholder and investor contacts: Louis Igonet - +33 1 40 06 11 11 Théodora Xu - +33 1 40 06 18 56 shareholders@tikehaucapital.com",neutral,0.43,0.57,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Tikehau Capital', 'majority stake', 'agreement', 'CROWD', 'growth', 'global alternative asset management group', 'largest private equity vehicles', 'pan- European leading provider', 'private equity decarbonisation strategy', 'private equity teams', 'digital city solutions', 'superior market shares', 'sustainable street furniture', 'street furniture products', 'innovative product offering', 'several strategic acquisitions', 'European market leader', 'premium cycling infrastructure', 'solid organic growth', 'leading pan-European player', 'first investment fund', 'micro mobility shift', 'group platform', 'leading player', '€1.4 billion strategy', 'growth strategy', 'pan-European leader', 'management team', 'entire management', 'global network', 'product portfolio', 'first vintage', 'high-quality, sustainable', 'safe products', 'low-carbon mobility', 'strategic objectives', 'regional player', 'Tikehau Capital', 'majority stake', 'Outside WorlD', 'strong presence', 'Convent Capital', 'key milestone', 'market-leading position', 'medium-sized companies', 'value chain', 'greener spaces', 'healthier lifestyle', 'low carbon-mobility', 'third exit', 'next chapter', 'cross-border deal', 'multilocal setup', 'significant operation', 'James Steward', 'defining moment', 'continued facilitation', 'public domain', 'public socialisation', 'new territories', 'intercompany trading', 'public realm', 'previous investor', 'last years', 'successful journey', 'majority investment', 'twelfth investment', 'investment philosophy', 'strategic support', 'strong growth', 'growth trajectory', 'pan-European company', 'circular economy', 'DACH Region', 'international development', 'active support', 'clear focus', 'internal investments', 'operational excellence', 'sustainability-driven company', 'investment company', 'agreement', 'CROWD', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'CReators', 'Netherlands', 'circularity', 'industry', 'Benelux', 'UK', 'Nordics', 'revenue', '500 employees', 'execution', 'partnership', 'others', 'date', 'TotalEnergies', 'small', 'principles', 'cyclists', 'commitment', 'line', 'vision', 'transition', 'opportunities', 'expansion', 'expertise', 'strength', 'Germany', 'France', 'endeavour', 'Laillier', 'Head', 'CEO', 'resource', 'efforts', 'areas', 'environment', 'interaction', 'movement', 'manufacturing', 'insourcing', 'marketing', 'finance', 'ICT', 'view', 'opportunity', 'faith', 'trust', 'exciting']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28060,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2708436/0/en/Ubisoft-Reports-First-Quarter-2023-24-Sales.html,Ubisoft Reports First-Quarter 2023-24 Sales,UBISOFT REPORTS FIRST-QUARTER 2023-24 SALES      Q1 performance ahead of target Successful Ubisoft Forward event offered tangible evidence of line-up......,English FrenchUBISOFT REPORTS FIRST-QUARTER 2023-24 SALESQ1 performance ahead of targetSuccessful Ubisoft Forward event offered tangible evidence of line-up strength& confirmed key strategic pillars with major brands and long-lasting Live gamesConfirmation of 2023-24 targetsDownload the press release in englishDownload the press release in frenchNet bookings of €267.7 million  ahead of target of around €240.0 millionIn €mQ12023-24Reported change vs.Q1 2022-23% of total net bookings Q12023-24 Q12022-23 IFRS 15 sales 288.9 -9.2% NA NA Net bookings 267.7 -8.7% NA NA Digital net bookings 241.3 -8.0% 90.2% 89.4% PRI net bookings 127.4 -17.0% 47.6% 52.3% Back-catalog net bookings 245.7 -4.2% 91.8% 87.4%Paris  July 20  2023 – Today  Ubisoft released its sales figures for the first quarter of fiscal 2023-24  i.e.  the three months ended June 30  2023.Yves Guillemot  Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer  said “This quarter  we delivered a better-than-expected performance and we continued to progress on our two-pillar strategy of reaching a significantly larger audience and growing our recurring revenues. We showcased our promising big-brand games and Live experiences during the highly regarded Ubisoft Forward event  positioning us favorably for the upcoming months and years. In addition to increased engagement and positive sentiment from players  Ubisoft Forward was an important moment of pride for our teams across the world. Our test phases for our Free-to-Play titles during the quarter provided key data to our teams as they are getting the games ready for release. We also announced that Level Infinite will be publishing Assassin’s Creed Codename Jade on mobile. It reflects the powerful appeal of our brands and the significant value creation our shareholder agreement with Tencent is delivering. This publishing partnership greatly enhances our medium-term mobile footprint while delivering significant financial value to the benefit of Ubisoft and its shareholders.As we look to the future  we are confident that our sharp focus on our biggest opportunities coupled with significant cost reductions will result in meaningful progression of revenue  earnings and cash-flow generation over the coming years.”Q1 ACTIVITYTom Clancy’s Rainbow Six® Siege net bookings and DAUs grew double digit year-on-year  driven by strong activity throughout the quarter on the back of its new Year 8 Season 2 and seasonal events. Other Live games performed well with Tom Clancy’s The Division® 2 witnessing strong activity thanks to new seasonal content and The Crew® 2 reaching near record MAUs in June ahead of The Crew® Motorfest release.This quarter also saw numerous test phases for our upcoming free-to-play initiatives. Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six® Mobile  Tom Clancy’s The Division® Heartland and Tom Clancy’s The Division® Resurgence have gathered valuable data during their respective betas. XDefiant held a three-day open session to test its technical infrastructure and the changes implemented on the back of the feedback received from the closed beta. The community praised the close collaboration between the developers and the players.Later this summer  The Crew Motorfest will offer fans a chance to test the game between July 21st and July 23rd through a 3-day closed beta. Skull and Bones™ will launch a closed beta on August 25  giving players a chance to experience the multiplayer pirate open-world game first-hand as the team continues to work toward its release later this fiscal year. Finally  Assassin’s Creed Codename Jade will hold a closed beta between August 3rd and August 11th.SUCCESSFUL UBISOFT FORWARD EVENT OFFERED TANGIBLE EVIDENCE OF LINE-UP STRENGTHHeld live from Los Angeles on June 12  the Ubisoft Forward conference unveiled previously unseen gameplay and trailers from some of Ubisoft’s most anticipated upcoming releases  including big brands like Assassin’s Creed® Mirage  Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora™  Star Wars Outlaws™ and long-lasting live games  such as The Division Resurgence and The Crew Motorfest. Ubisoft Forward was an opportunity for Ubisoft to reconnect with all its stakeholders  including media  partners  industry peers  and  most importantly  players. Hundreds of journalists  content creators and partners also had access to live demos and hands-on experiences. This year’s show saw 64% higher max concurrent live views and a 26-point progression of community sentiment versus the previous Forward  and total organic views surpassed 24 million. The event generated 102 million impressions on social media and more than 4 000 media articles. Finally  Forward was a special moment of pride for Ubisoft’s global teams  who shared in the celebration of their work.LEVEL INFINITE TO PUBLISH MOBILE GAME ASSASSIN’S CREED CODENAME JADEFollowing the licensing partnership on mobile announced in July 2022  Level Infinite  a Tencent subsidiary  will publish Assassin’s Creed Codename Jade  an open world action adventure/RPG game which will be released on iOS and Android devices.It is one of the biggest publishing deals ever signed in the industry. It reflects the strength of our brands in a context of scarcity of high-quality IPs and  as such  our capacity to increasingly value our IPs. With Tencent being one of the industry’s leaders of the massive mobile segment  it also confirms our brands’ potential in the free-to-play market.This publishing agreement greatly enhances Ubisoft’s medium-term mobile footprint while delivering significant financial value to the benefit of its shareholders. It is another positive step in the long-term strategic relationship between Tencent and Ubisoft. Last September’s shareholding transaction with Tencent was essential to deliver Ubisoft’s full value creation potential and provided the Group with the opportunity to expand collaboration through new partnerships as well as the necessary stability for its long-term development  while keeping all options open.UBISOFT FURTHER STRENGTHENS ITS BOARD WITH THE PROPOSED NOMINATION OF TWO NEW HIGHLY QUALIFIED INDEPENDENT DIRECTORSUbisoft is continuously adapting its organization to best respond to the rapidly changing industry while accelerating on the execution of its strategy. In this context  the Company is strengthening its Board of Directors with a view to further enriching the diversity of skills and expertise of its independent members. To that end  Ubisoft’s Board has proposed the nomination of two new independent directors  Katherine Hays and Olfa Zorgati  with strong international executive backgrounds at its upcoming September Annual General meeting.Katherine Hays has more than 20 years of experience across esports  gaming  advertising  media and entertainment as an entrepreneur and executive. She is currently an independent member of the Board of Technicolor Creative Studios  serves as an advisor to numerous esports start-ups  and is a senior advisor to institutional investors within the United Arab Emirates. Olfa Zorgati has extensive financial and management experience  with a deep expertise in technology. She is currently Chief Financial Officer as well as Executive Vice-President Operations and is on the Executive Committee of ESI Group  a c.€1bn market cap software and technology company listed on Euronext Paris  which she joined in 2018.Additionally  Claude France  who joined the Board in July 2022 to bring her digital and tech expertise as well as her experience in managing large scale organizations  will be appointed as the new Lead Independent Director as well as Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee.Over the past decade  Ubisoft’s Board has demonstrated its commitment to continuously adapting its governance to the best standards. To that end  the Board created the Lead Independent Director role in 2016 and added independent directors so that they comprised a majority of all Board members in 2016. The Audit Committee and the Nomination  Compensation and Governance Committee have been fully independent since 2013. The Board also complied with the Copé-Zimmermann law to have at least 40% gender diversity by 2017. If the two candidates proposed by the Board are approved by shareholders  the Board will have women representation of 55%.NoteThe Group presents indicators which are not prepared strictly in accordance with IFRS as it considers that they are the best reflection of its operating and financial performance. The definitions of the non-IFRS indicators are appended to this press release.Sales and net bookingsIn € millions Q12023-24 Q12022-23 Sales (IFRS 15) 288.9 318.2 Deferred revenues related to IFRS 15 (21.2) (24.9) Net bookings 267.7 293.3IFRS 15 sales for the first quarter of 2023-24 came to €288.9 million  down -9.2% (-8.2% at constant exchange rates1) compared with the €318.2 million generated in first-quarter 2022-23.First-quarter 2023-24 net bookings totaled €267.7 million  exceeding the target of around €240.0 million and down -8.7% (-7.7% at constant exchange rates) on the €293.3 million figure for the first quarter of 2022-23.OutlookSecond -quarter 2023-24Net bookings for the second quarter of 2023-24 are expected to come in at around €350 million.Full-year 202 3 -2 4The Company confirms its financial targets. It expects strong top line growth and non-IFRS operating income at approximately €400 million.The FY24 line-up includes Assassin's Creed Mirage  Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora  Rainbow Six Mobile  The Division Resurgence  another large game as well as Just Dance® 24 edition  Prince of Persia The Lost Crown  Skull and Bones  The Crew Motorfest and XDefiant.Conference callUbisoft will hold a conference call today  Thursday July 20  2023  at 6:15 p.m. Paris time/5:15 p.m. London time/12:15 p.m. New York time.The conference call will take place in English and can be accessed live and via replay by clicking on the following link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/vybfyia4ContactsInvestor RelationsJean-Benoît RoquetteSVP Investor Relations+ 33 1 48 18 52 39Jean-benoit.roquette@ubisoft.comAlexandre EnjalbertInvestor Relations Director+33 1 48 18 50 78Alexandre.enjalbert@ubisoft.comPress RelationsMichael BurkSenior Director of Corporate Public Relations+ 33 1 48 18 24 03Michael.burk@ubisoft.comDisclaimerThis press release may contain estimated financial data  information on future projects and transactions and future financial results/performance. Such forward-looking data are provided for information purposes only. They are subject to market risks and uncertainties and may vary significantly compared with the actual results that will be published. The estimated financial data have been approved by the Board of Directors  and have not been audited by the Statutory Auditors. (Additional information is provided in the most recent Ubisoft Registration Document filed on July 20  2023 with the French Financial Markets Authority (l’Autorité des Marchés Financiers)).About UbisoftUbisoft is a creator of worlds  committed to enriching players’ lives with original and memorable entertainment experiences. Ubisoft’s global teams create and develop a deep and diverse portfolio of games  featuring brands such as Assassin’s Creed®  Brawlhalla®  For Honor®  Far Cry®  Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon®  Just Dance®  Rabbids®  Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six®  The Crew® and Tom Clancy’s The Division®. Through Ubisoft Connect  players can enjoy an ecosystem of services to enhance their gaming experience  get rewards and connect with friends across platforms. With Ubisoft+  the subscription service  they can access a growing catalog of more than 100 Ubisoft games and DLC. For the 2022–23 fiscal year  Ubisoft generated net bookings of €1 739 million. To learn more  please visit: www.ubisoftgroup.com.© 2023 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Ubisoft and the Ubisoft logo are registered trademarks in the US and/or other countries.APPENDICESDefinition of non-IFRS financial indicatorsNet bookings corresponds to sales restated for the services component and including unconditional amounts related tolicense or distribution agreements recognized independently of the achievement of performance obligations.Player Recurring Investment (PRI) corresponds to sales of digital items  DLC  season passes  subscriptions and advertising.Non-IFRS operating income calculated based on net bookings corresponds to operating income less the following items:Stock-based compensation expense arising on free share plans  group savings plans and/or stock options.Depreciation of acquired intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.Non-operating income and expenses resulting from restructuring operations within the Group.Breakdown of net bookings by geographic regionQ1 2023-24 Q1 2022-23 Europe 33% 29% North America 51% 51% Rest of the world16% 20% TOTAL 100% 100%Breakdown of net bookings by platformQ1 2023-24 Q1 2022-23 CONSOLES 50% 47% PC 31% 27% MOBILE 10% 12% Others*9% 14% TOTAL 100% 100%*Ancillaries  etc.Title release schedule2 nd quarter ( July – September 202 3 )DIGITAL + PHYSICALTHE CREW® MOTORFEST AMAZON LUNA  PC  PLAYSTATION® 4  PLAYSTATION® 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S UNO® PLAYSTATION® 5  XBOX XDIGITAL ONLYFOR HONOR®: Year 7 - Season 3 PC  PLAYSTATION® 4  XBOX ONE MARIO + RABBIDS®: SPARKS OF HOPE DLC3 NINTENDO SWITCH RIDERS REPUBLIC™: Season 8 + Skate DLC AMAZON LUNA  PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S RIDER WORLDS IOS  ANDROID THE CREW® 2: Season 9 - Episode 1 PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S THE CREW® 2: Season 9 - Episode 2 PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S THE SETTLERS®: NEW ALLIES Consoles PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX X  NINTENDO SWITCH TOM CLANCY’S RAINBOW SIX® SIEGE: Year 8 - Season 3 AMAZON LUNA  PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S XDEFIANT: Season 0 PC  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX SERIES X/S1 Sales at constant exchange rates are calculated by applying to the data for the period under review the average exchange rates used for the same period of the previous fiscal year.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['First-Quarter 2023-24 Sales', 'Ubisoft Reports', '64% higher max concurrent live views', 'open world action adventure/RPG game', 'Rainbow Six® Siege net bookings', 'multiplayer pirate open-world game', 'NA Digital net bookings', 'The Crew® Motorfest release', 'Rainbow Six® Mobile', 'three-day open session', 'total organic views', 'SUCCESSFUL UBISOFT FORWARD EVENT', 'total net bookings', 'PRI net bookings', 'catalog net bookings', 'The Crew Motorfest', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'significant value creation', 'significant financial value', 'significant cost reductions', 'Star Wars Outlaws™', 'NA Net bookings', 'long-lasting Live games', 'Creed Codename Jade', 'Other Live games', 'The Division® Heartland', 'The Division® Resurgence', 'The Division Resurgence', 'promising big-brand games', 'key strategic pillars', 'medium-term mobile footprint', 'new Year 8 Season', 'new seasonal content', 'numerous test phases', '3-day closed beta', 'Ubisoft Forward conference', 'MOBILE GAME', 'Creed® Mirage', 'Live experiences', 'key data', 'seasonal events', 'content creators', 'previous Forward', 'tangible evidence', 'line-up strength', '2023-24 targets', 'press release', 'three months', 'Yves Guillemot', 'two-pillar strategy', 'larger audience', 'recurring revenues', 'positive sentiment', 'important moment', 'Play titles', 'Level Infinite', 'powerful appeal', 'shareholder agreement', 'publishing partnership', 'sharp focus', 'biggest opportunities', 'meaningful progression', 'cash-flow generation', 'Tom Clancy', 'strong activity', 'record MAUs', 'play initiatives', 'valuable data', 'respective betas', 'technical infrastructure', 'close collaboration', 'Los Angeles', 'unseen gameplay', 'industry peers', '26-point progression', '102 million impressions', 'special moment', 'licensing partnership', 'Android devices', 'UBISOFT REPORTS', 'major brands', 'upcoming months', 'upcoming releases', 'big brands', 'social media', '4,000 media articles', 'sales figures', 'coming years', 'community sentiment', 'Tencent subsidiary', 'first quarter', 'Q1 ACTIVITY', 'global teams', 'English French', '15 sales', 'FIRST-QUARTER', 'Confirmation', 'change', '23 IFRS', 'Back', 'Paris', 'fiscal', 'Founder', 'expected', 'performance', 'addition', 'engagement', 'players', 'pride', 'Assassin', 'benefit', 'shareholders', 'future', 'earnings', 'DAUs', 'June', 'XDefiant', 'developers', 'fans', 'chance', 'July', 'Skull', 'Bones™', 'August', 'trailers', 'Avatar', 'Frontiers', 'Pandora™', 'opportunity', 'stakeholders', 'Hundreds', 'journalists', 'access', 'demos', 'hands', 'show', 'celebration', 'work', 'iOS']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28061,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GUERBET-5011/news/Guerbet-First-half-2023-revenue-44381475/,Guerbet: First-half 2023 revenue,(marketscreener.com) First-half 2023 revenue       Acceleration of activity Half-year revenue: €378.6 million  up +2.8% at CER1  with a strong acceleration of activity in Q2  at +6.7%Very dynamic sales in Asia and EMEA   but down in the Americas   as expected…,First-half 2023 revenueAcceleration of activityHalf-year revenue: €378.6 million  up +2.8% at CER 1   with a strong acceleration of activity in Q2  at +6.7%  with a strong acceleration of activity in Q2  at +6.7% Very dynamic sales in Asia (+16.6% in H1 at CER) and EMEA (+7.8%)  but down in the Americas (-15.3%)  as expectedFinancial objectives confirmed2023 revenue growth of more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CERRestated EBITDA margin rate2: around 11% in 2023  before a return in 2024 to a higher level than in 2021 (14.4%)Group debt refinancing signed on July 18th  2023Villepinte  July 20  2023: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  is reporting its revenue for the first half of 2023. As of June 30  the Group’s sales totalled €378.6 million  up +2% from the first half of 2022 (€371.1 million). This growth in its activity includes an unfavourable exchange rate effect of €2.9 million. At constant exchange rates (CER)  the Group’s revenue in the first half of 2023 was 2.8% higher than in the same period in 2022.After a slight decline in Q1 of the current fiscal year (-1.3%)  Guerbet’s activity at CER rose +6.7% in Q2. This acceleration  perfectly in line with the Group’s expectations  confirms its financial objectives for the entire current fiscal year and the next.Geographical distribution of consolidated group revenue (IFRS)In millions of euros  at June 30  2023 H1 2022H1 2023 at current exchange ratesChange (%)H1 2023 at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Sales in EMEA 165.6 178.5 +7.8% 178.5 +7.8% Sales in Asia 90.9 101.5 +11.6% 106.1 +16.6% Sales in Americas 114.5 98.6 -13.9% 97.0 -15.3% Total 371.1 378.6 +2.0% 381.5 +2.8%[1]Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.Activity in the EMEA region increased +7.8% at current exchange rates and at CER for the first half of the year overall. This reflects a steady rise in volumes  combined with positive price effects and accelerating since the beginning of the year.In Asia  the sharp increase in revenue in the first half of the year (+11.6%) is even more remarkable given that it incorporates a negative exchange rate effect in connection with the decline of the yuan and the yen over the period. At CER  growth in Asia reached +16.6% thanks to strong acceleration in Q2 (+30.1%)  driven by Japan and especially China  where the implementation of direct distribution just a year ago continues to pay off.In the Americas region  sales were down -15.3% at CER. In line with the Group’s expectations  this reflects in part the optimization of the customer portfolio and the production adjustments associated with the launch of EluciremTM. Sales of this product will not have a significant impact until the second half of 2023. In addition  production standardization at the Raleigh plant (North Carolina) has not yet had its full effect on invoicing.Distribution of consolidated group revenue by activity (IFRS)In millions of euros  at June 30  2023 H1 2022H1 2023 at current exchange ratesChange (%)H1 2023 at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Diagnostic Imaging 328.1 336.5 +2.5% 339.0 +3.3% MRI 121.3 125.0 +3.1% 125.2 +3.2% X-Ray 206.8 211.4 +2.2% 213.9 +3.4% Interventional Imaging 43.0 42.2 -1.9% 42.5 -1.1% Total 371.1 378.6 +2.0% 381.5 +2.8%[1]Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.Diagnostic Imaging revenue in the first half of 2023 increased 3.3% at CER (+2.5% at current exchange rates). It should be noted that X-ray revenue now includes the revenue of the company Intrasense  consolidated as of January 2023.In MRI   the 3.2% growth at CER was marked by an acceleration in Q2 (+5.6%); initial sales of Elucirem TM were in line with the Group’s expectations with an acceleration during the second half of the year.  the 3.2% growth at CER was marked by an acceleration in Q2 (+5.6%); initial sales of Elucirem were in line with the Group’s expectations with an acceleration during the second half of the year. X-ray revenue rose 3.4% at CER. This is the result of a very significant increase in sales of Xenetix® and a decrease in Optiray® volumes in connection with production adjustments at the Raleigh plant in the first half of the year.In Interventional Imaging  sales at CER were down -1.1% from the first half of 2022 as a result of a base effect in the Asia-Pacific region but were up over Q2 2023 alone at +1.4%. For the year overall  the segment is set for robust growth.Acquisition of a 56.5% stake in IntrasenseIn the first half of 2023  the Group reached an important milestone in its Artificial Intelligence (AI) roadmap. Following its acquisition of a stake in Intrasense in January and the success of the voluntary takeover bid that closed on June 5  Guerbet became the majority shareholder of Intrasense with 56.5% of the capital (press release of June 8  2023).Intrasense (€3.8 million in revenue in 2022) joined the Group to accelerate its strategy for marketing AI technologies from third parties. The non-exclusive licensing agreement between the two companies provides for the integration of algorithms developed by Guerbet in the detection of liver and bone lesions and prostate and pancreatic cancers into Intrasense solutions (Myrian® platform). Together  Guerbet and Intrasense aim to position themselves as a major player in AI applied to medical imaging in oncology.Confirmation of financial objectives for 2023 and 2024Guerbet is entering the second half of 2023 with confidence. The acceleration of positive price effects observed since the beginning of the year  reflecting the Group’s pricing power in the face of inflationary pressures (especially on iodine)  is expected to continue. At the same time  activity should benefit from the gradual rise in sales of EluciremTM  as well as a strong rebound in commercial activity in the Americas  in connection with the production standardization at the Raleigh plant compared with the end of 2021. Overall  and as indicated in the reporting of full-year results in March  revenue growth in the second half of 2023 is expected to be stronger than in the first half.For the entire fiscal year  Guerbet confirms that it is targeting sales growth of more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER. In terms of profitability  the Group still expects EBITDA margin/revenue (restated)2 to be around 11% before returning to a higher level in 2024 than in 2021 (14.4%).Refinancing of the Group’s debtOn July 18  2023  Guerbet signed a €350 million credit agreement  including an undrawn €100 million revolving credit facility  to refinance its existing debt. This five-year agreement  with an option of a two-year extension (“5 years+1+1”) for the revolving facility  was signed with a group of eight banking partners. It replaces the existing credit agreement expiring in March 2024.In addition  in order to contribute to its development and diversify its sources of financing  Guerbet announces the signing of agreements for the issue of €50 million in EuroPP bonds over a period of six and a half years and the issue of €50 million in Relance bonds (Obligation Relance) over eight years.This financing extends the average maturity of the Group’s debt and provides for the possibility of indexing the margin to the performance of the Group’s existing ESG indicators.These deals are expected to be finalized by the end of July 2023.Upcoming events:Reporting of first-half resultsSeptember 20  2023  after tradingAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a world leader in medical imaging  offering a complete range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. Pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 830 employees worldwide  we are constantly innovating and devote 8% to 10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com .Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release does not reflect historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts  and assumptions  including but not limited to assumptions about the current and future strategy of the Group and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly by these forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release  and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in their underlying assumptions  events  conditions  or circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Group’s control.These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses (including after a marketing authorization is granted)  decisions by regulatory authorities (such as the US Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency) regarding whether and when to approve any application for a drug  process  or biological product filed for any such product candidates  and their decisions regarding labeling and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in Chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF (French financial markets authority) under number D.23-0203 on March 31  2023  available on the Group’s website ( www.guerbet.com ).1Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.2Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.2Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.ContactsGuerbet ActifinJérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00Financial CommunicationsBenjamin Lehari+33 (0)1 56 88 11 25blehari@actifin.frPressJennifer Jullia+33 (0)1 56 88 11 19jjullia@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.11,0.4,True,English,"['First-half 2023 revenue', 'Guerbet', 'constant exchange rates1 Change', 'current exchange rates Change', 'unfavourable exchange rate effect', 'negative exchange rate effect', 'entire current fiscal year', 'EBITDA margin rate', 'exchange rate impact', 'positive price effects', 'voluntary takeover bid', 'previous fiscal year', 'Group debt refinancing', 'Diagnostic Imaging revenue', 'consolidated group revenue', 'full effect', 'base effect', 'significant impact', 'medical imaging', 'Interventional Imaging', 'Financial objectives', 'higher level', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'first half', 'steady rise', 'sharp increase', 'customer portfolio', 'production adjustments', 'second half', 'production standardization', 'Raleigh plant', 'North Carolina', 'significant increase', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'important milestone', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'AI) roadmap', 'First-half 2023 revenue', 'Half-year revenue', 'Geographical distribution', 'direct distribution', 'X-ray revenue', 'slight decline', 'Elucirem TM', 'Optiray® volumes', 'strong acceleration', 'EMEA region', 'Americas region', 'robust growth', '2023 revenue growth', 'same period', 'dynamic sales', 'initial sales', '3.2% growth', 'activity', 'CER', 'H1', 'basis', 'return', 'July', 'Villepinte', 'Guerbet', 'solutions', 'June', 'Q1', 'Q2.', 'expectations', 'next', 'IFRS', 'millions', 'euros', 'beginning', 'connection', 'yuan', 'yen', 'Japan', 'China', 'implementation', 'part', 'optimization', 'launch', 'EluciremTM', 'addition', 'invoicing', 'MRI', 'company', 'Intrasense', 'January', 'result', 'Xenetix®', 'decrease', 'segment', 'Acquisition', '56.5% stake', 'success', '2021']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28062,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2708442/0/en/Guerbet-First-half-2023-revenue.html,Guerbet: First-half 2023 revenue,First-half 2023 revenue          Acceleration of activity   Half-year revenue: €378.6 million  up +2.8% at CER1  with a strong acceleration of...,English FrenchFirst-half 2023 revenueAcceleration of activityHalf-year revenue: €378.6 million  up +2.8% at CER 1   with a strong acceleration of activity in Q2  at +6.7%  with a strong acceleration of activity in Q2  at +6.7% Very dynamic sales in Asia (+16.6% in H1 at CER) and EMEA (+7.8%)  but down in the Americas (-15.3%)  as expectedFinancial objectives confirmed2023 revenue growth of more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CERRestated EBITDA margin rate2: around 11% in 2023  before a return in 2024 to a higher level than in 2021 (14.4%)Group debt refinancing signed on July 18th  2023Villepinte  July 20  2023: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  is reporting its revenue for the first half of 2023. As of June 30  the Group’s sales totalled €378.6 million  up +2% from the first half of 2022 (€371.1 million). This growth in its activity includes an unfavourable exchange rate effect of €2.9 million. At constant exchange rates (CER)  the Group’s revenue in the first half of 2023 was 2.8% higher than in the same period in 2022.After a slight decline in Q1 of the current fiscal year (-1.3%)  Guerbet’s activity at CER rose +6.7% in Q2. This acceleration  perfectly in line with the Group’s expectations  confirms its financial objectives for the entire current fiscal year and the next.Geographical distribution of consolidated group revenue (IFRS)In millions of euros  at June 30  2023 H1 2022H1 2023 at current exchange ratesChange (%)H1 2023 at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Sales in EMEA 165.6 178.5 +7.8% 178.5 +7.8% Sales in Asia 90.9 101.5 +11.6% 106.1 +16.6% Sales in Americas 114.5 98.6 -13.9% 97.0 -15.3% Total 371.1 378.6 +2.0% 381.5 +2.8%[1] Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.Activity in the EMEA region increased +7.8% at current exchange rates and at CER for the first half of the year overall. This reflects a steady rise in volumes  combined with positive price effects and accelerating since the beginning of the year.In Asia  the sharp increase in revenue in the first half of the year (+11.6%) is even more remarkable given that it incorporates a negative exchange rate effect in connection with the decline of the yuan and the yen over the period. At CER  growth in Asia reached +16.6% thanks to strong acceleration in Q2 (+30.1%)  driven by Japan and especially China  where the implementation of direct distribution just a year ago continues to pay off.In the Americas region  sales were down -15.3% at CER. In line with the Group’s expectations  this reflects in part the optimization of the customer portfolio and the production adjustments associated with the launch of EluciremTM. Sales of this product will not have a significant impact until the second half of 2023. In addition  production standardization at the Raleigh plant (North Carolina) has not yet had its full effect on invoicing.Distribution of consolidated group revenue by activity (IFRS)In millions of euros  at June 30  2023 H1 2022H1 2023 at current exchange ratesChange (%)H1 2023 at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Diagnostic Imaging 328.1 336.5 +2.5% 339.0 +3.3% MRI 121.3 125.0 +3.1% 125.2 +3.2% X-Ray 206.8 211.4 +2.2% 213.9 +3.4% Interventional Imaging 43.0 42.2 -1.9% 42.5 -1.1% Total 371.1 378.6 +2.0% 381.5 +2.8%[1] Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.Diagnostic Imaging revenue in the first half of 2023 increased 3.3% at CER (+2.5% at current exchange rates). It should be noted that X-ray revenue now includes the revenue of the company Intrasense  consolidated as of January 2023.In MRI   the 3.2% growth at CER was marked by an acceleration in Q2 (+5.6%); initial sales of Elucirem TM were in line with the Group’s expectations with an acceleration during the second half of the year.  the 3.2% growth at CER was marked by an acceleration in Q2 (+5.6%); initial sales of Elucirem were in line with the Group’s expectations with an acceleration during the second half of the year. X-ray revenue rose 3.4% at CER. This is the result of a very significant increase in sales of Xenetix® and a decrease in Optiray® volumes in connection with production adjustments at the Raleigh plant in the first half of the year.In Interventional Imaging  sales at CER were down -1.1% from the first half of 2022 as a result of a base effect in the Asia-Pacific region but were up over Q2 2023 alone at +1.4%. For the year overall  the segment is set for robust growth.Acquisition of a 56.5% stake in IntrasenseIn the first half of 2023  the Group reached an important milestone in its Artificial Intelligence (AI) roadmap. Following its acquisition of a stake in Intrasense in January and the success of the voluntary takeover bid that closed on June 5  Guerbet became the majority shareholder of Intrasense with 56.5% of the capital (press release of June 8  2023).Intrasense (€3.8 million in revenue in 2022) joined the Group to accelerate its strategy for marketing AI technologies from third parties. The non-exclusive licensing agreement between the two companies provides for the integration of algorithms developed by Guerbet in the detection of liver and bone lesions and prostate and pancreatic cancers into Intrasense solutions (Myrian® platform). Together  Guerbet and Intrasense aim to position themselves as a major player in AI applied to medical imaging in oncology.Confirmation of financial objectives for 2023 and 2024Guerbet is entering the second half of 2023 with confidence. The acceleration of positive price effects observed since the beginning of the year  reflecting the Group’s pricing power in the face of inflationary pressures (especially on iodine)  is expected to continue. At the same time  activity should benefit from the gradual rise in sales of EluciremTM  as well as a strong rebound in commercial activity in the Americas  in connection with the production standardization at the Raleigh plant compared with the end of 2021. Overall  and as indicated in the reporting of full-year results in March  revenue growth in the second half of 2023 is expected to be stronger than in the first half.For the entire fiscal year  Guerbet confirms that it is targeting sales growth of more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER. In terms of profitability  the Group still expects EBITDA margin/revenue (restated)2 to be around 11% before returning to a higher level in 2024 than in 2021 (14.4%).Refinancing of the Group’s debtOn July 18  2023  Guerbet signed a €350 million credit agreement  including an undrawn €100 million revolving credit facility  to refinance its existing debt. This five-year agreement  with an option of a two-year extension (“5 years+1+1”) for the revolving facility  was signed with a group of eight banking partners. It replaces the existing credit agreement expiring in March 2024.In addition  in order to contribute to its development and diversify its sources of financing  Guerbet announces the signing of agreements for the issue of €50 million in EuroPP bonds over a period of six and a half years and the issue of €50 million in Relance bonds (Obligation Relance) over eight years.This financing extends the average maturity of the Group’s debt and provides for the possibility of indexing the margin to the performance of the Group’s existing ESG indicators.These deals are expected to be finalized by the end of July 2023.Upcoming events:Reporting of first-half resultsSeptember 20  2023  after tradingAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a world leader in medical imaging  offering a complete range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. Pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 830 employees worldwide  we are constantly innovating and devote 8% to 10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com .Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release does not reflect historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts  and assumptions  including but not limited to assumptions about the current and future strategy of the Group and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly by these forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release  and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in their underlying assumptions  events  conditions  or circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Group’s control.These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses (including after a marketing authorization is granted)  decisions by regulatory authorities (such as the US Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency) regarding whether and when to approve any application for a drug  process  or biological product filed for any such product candidates  and their decisions regarding labeling and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in Chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF (French financial markets authority) under number D.23-0203 on March 31  2023  available on the Group’s website ( www.guerbet.com ).1 Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.2 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.2 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.ContactsGuerbet ActifinJérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00Financial CommunicationsBenjamin Lehari+33 (0)1 56 88 11 25blehari@actifin.frPressJennifer Jullia+33 (0)1 56 88 11 19jjullia@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.14,0.33,True,English,"['First-half 2023 revenue', 'Guerbet', 'constant exchange rates1 Change', 'current exchange rates Change', 'unfavourable exchange rate effect', 'negative exchange rate effect', 'entire current fiscal year', 'EBITDA margin rate', 'exchange rate impact', 'positive price effects', 'voluntary takeover bid', 'previous fiscal year', 'Group debt refinancing', 'Diagnostic Imaging revenue', 'consolidated group revenue', 'full effect', 'base effect', 'significant impact', 'medical imaging', 'Interventional Imaging', 'English French', 'Financial objectives', 'higher level', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'first half', 'steady rise', 'sharp increase', 'customer portfolio', 'production adjustments', 'second half', 'production standardization', 'Raleigh plant', 'North Carolina', 'significant increase', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'important milestone', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'AI) roadmap', 'First-half 2023 revenue', 'Half-year revenue', 'Geographical distribution', 'direct distribution', 'X-ray revenue', 'slight decline', 'Elucirem TM', 'Optiray® volumes', 'strong acceleration', 'EMEA region', 'Americas region', 'robust growth', '2023 revenue growth', 'same period', 'dynamic sales', 'initial sales', '3.2% growth', 'activity', 'CER', 'H1', 'basis', 'return', 'July', 'Villepinte', 'Guerbet', 'solutions', 'June', 'Q1', 'Q2.', 'expectations', 'next', 'IFRS', 'millions', 'euros', 'beginning', 'connection', 'yuan', 'yen', 'Japan', 'China', 'implementation', 'part', 'optimization', 'launch', 'EluciremTM', 'addition', 'invoicing', 'MRI', 'company', 'Intrasense', 'January', 'result', 'Xenetix®', 'decrease', 'segment', 'Acquisition', '56.5% stake', 'success', '2021']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28063,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UBISOFT-ENTERTAINMENT-4719/news/Ubisoft-Reports-First-Quarter-2023-24-Sales-44381435/,Ubisoft Reports First-Quarter 2023-24 Sales,(marketscreener.com) UBISOFT REPORTS FIRST-QUARTER 2023-24 SALES Q1 performance ahead of target Successful Ubisoft Forward event offered tangible evidence of line-up strength& confirmed key strategic pillars with major brands and long-lasting Live gamesConfir…,UBISOFT REPORTS FIRST-QUARTER2023-24 SALESQ1 performance ahead of targetSuccessful Ubisoft Forward event offered tangible evidence of line-up strength& confirmed key strategic pillars with major brands and long-lasting Live gamesConfirmation of 2023-24 targetsDownload the press release in englishDownload the press release in frenchNet bookings of €267.7 million  ahead of target of around €240.0 millionIn €mQ12023-24Reported change vs.Q1 2022-23% of total net bookings Q12023-24 Q12022-23 IFRS 15 sales 288.9 -9.2% NA NA Net bookings 267.7 -8.7% NA NA Digital net bookings 241.3 -8.0% 90.2% 89.4% PRI net bookings 127.4 -17.0% 47.6% 52.3% Back-catalog net bookings 245.7 -4.2% 91.8% 87.4%Paris  July 20  2023 – Today  Ubisoft released its sales figures for the first quarter of fiscal 2023-24  i.e.  the three months ended June 30  2023.Yves Guillemot  Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer  said “This quarter  we delivered a better-than-expected performance and we continued to progress on our two-pillar strategy of reaching a significantly larger audience and growing our recurring revenues. We showcased our promisingbig-brand games and Live experiences during the highly regarded Ubisoft Forward event  positioning us favorably for the upcoming months and years. In addition to increased engagement and positive sentiment from players  Ubisoft Forward was an important moment of pride for our teams across the world. Our test phases for our Free-to-Play titles during the quarter provided key data to our teams as they are getting the games ready for release. We also announced that Level Infinite will be publishing Assassin’s Creed Codename Jade on mobile. It reflects the powerful appeal of our brands and the significant value creation our shareholder agreement with Tencent is delivering. This publishing partnership greatly enhances our medium-term mobile footprint while delivering significant financial value to the benefit of Ubisoft and itsshareholders.As we look to the future  we are confident that our sharp focus on our biggest opportunities coupled with significant cost reductions will result in meaningful progression of revenue  earnings and cash-flow generation over the coming years.”Q1 ACTIVITYTom Clancy’s Rainbow Six® Siege net bookings and DAUs grew double digit year-on-year  driven by strong activity throughout the quarter on the back of its new Year 8 Season 2 and seasonal events. Other Live games performed well with Tom Clancy’s The Division® 2 witnessing strong activity thanks to new seasonal content and The Crew® 2 reaching near record MAUs in June ahead of The Crew® Motorfest release.This quarter also saw numerous test phases for our upcoming free-to-play initiatives. Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six® Mobile  Tom Clancy’s The Division® Heartland and Tom Clancy’s The Division® Resurgence have gathered valuable data during their respective betas. XDefiant held a three-day open session to test its technical infrastructure and the changes implemented on the back of the feedback received from the closed beta. The community praised the close collaboration between the developers and the players.Later this summer  The Crew Motorfest will offer fans a chance to test the game between July 21st and July 23rd through a 3-day closed beta. Skull and Bones™ will launch a closed beta on August 25  giving players a chance to experience the multiplayer pirate open-world game first-hand as the team continues to work toward its release later this fiscal year. Finally  Assassin’s Creed Codename Jade will hold a closed beta between August 3rd and August 11th.SUCCESSFUL UBISOFT FORWARD EVENT OFFERED TANGIBLE EVIDENCE OF LINE-UP STRENGTHHeld live from Los Angeles on June 12  the Ubisoft Forward conference unveiled previously unseen gameplay and trailers from some of Ubisoft’s most anticipated upcoming releases  including big brands like Assassin’s Creed® Mirage  Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora™  Star Wars Outlaws™ and long-lasting live games  such as The Division Resurgence and The Crew Motorfest. Ubisoft Forward was an opportunity for Ubisoft to reconnect with all its stakeholders  including media  partners  industry peers  and  most importantly  players. Hundreds of journalists  content creators and partners also had access to live demos and hands-on experiences. This year’s show saw 64% higher max concurrent live views and a 26-point progression of community sentiment versus the previous Forward  and total organic views surpassed 24 million. The event generated 102 million impressions on social media and more than 4 000 media articles. Finally  Forward was a special moment of pride for Ubisoft’s global teams  who shared in the celebration of their work.LEVEL INFINITE TO PUBLISH MOBILE GAME ASSASSIN’S CREED CODENAME JADEFollowing the licensing partnership on mobile announced in July 2022  Level Infinite  a Tencent subsidiary  will publish Assassin’s Creed Codename Jade  an open world action adventure/RPG game which will be released on iOS and Android devices.It is one of the biggest publishing deals ever signed in the industry. It reflects the strength of our brands in a context of scarcity of high-quality IPs and  as such  our capacity to increasingly value our IPs. With Tencent being one of the industry’s leaders of the massive mobile segment  it also confirms our brands’ potential in the free-to-play market.This publishing agreement greatly enhances Ubisoft’s medium-term mobile footprint while delivering significant financial value to the benefit of its shareholders. It is another positive step in the long-term strategic relationship between Tencent and Ubisoft. Last September’s shareholding transaction with Tencent was essential to deliver Ubisoft’s full value creation potential and provided the Group with the opportunity to expand collaboration through new partnerships as well as the necessary stability for its long-term development  while keeping all options open.UBISOFT FURTHER STRENGTHENS ITS BOARD WITH THE PROPOSED NOMINATION OF TWO NEW HIGHLY QUALIFIED INDEPENDENT DIRECTORSUbisoft is continuously adapting its organization to best respond to the rapidly changing industry while accelerating on the execution of its strategy. In this context  the Company is strengthening its Board of Directors with a view to further enriching the diversity of skills and expertise of its independent members. To that end  Ubisoft’s Board has proposed the nomination of two new independent directors  Katherine Hays and Olfa Zorgati  with strong international executive backgrounds at its upcoming September Annual General meeting.Katherine Hays has more than 20 years of experience across esports  gaming  advertising  media and entertainment as an entrepreneur and executive. She is currently an independent member of the Board of Technicolor Creative Studios  serves as an advisor to numerous esports start-ups  and is a senior advisor to institutional investors within the United Arab Emirates. Olfa Zorgati has extensive financial and management experience  with a deep expertise in technology. She is currently Chief Financial Officer as well as Executive Vice-President Operations and is on the Executive Committee of ESI Group  a c.€1bn market cap software and technology company listed on Euronext Paris  which she joined in 2018.Additionally  Claude France  who joined the Board in July 2022 to bring her digital and tech expertise as well as her experience in managing large scale organizations  will be appointed as the new Lead Independent Director as well as Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee.Over the past decade  Ubisoft’s Board has demonstrated its commitment to continuously adapting its governance to the best standards. To that end  the Board created the Lead Independent Director role in 2016 and added independent directors so that they comprised a majority of all Board members in 2016. The Audit Committee and the Nomination  Compensation and Governance Committee have been fully independent since 2013. The Board also complied with the Copé-Zimmermann law to have at least 40% gender diversity by 2017. If the two candidates proposed by the Board are approved by shareholders  the Board will have women representation of 55%.NoteThe Group presents indicators which are not prepared strictly in accordance withIFRS as it considers that they are the best reflection of its operating and financial performance. The definitions of the non-IFRS indicators are appended to this press release.Sales and net bookingsIn € millions Q12023-24 Q12022-23 Sales (IFRS 15) 288.9 318.2 Deferred revenues related to IFRS 15 (21.2) (24.9) Net bookings 267.7 293.3IFRS 15 sales for the first quarter of 2023-24 came to €288.9 million  down -9.2% (-8.2% at constant exchange rates1) compared with the €318.2 million generated in first-quarter 2022-23.First-quarter 2023-24 net bookings totaled €267.7 million  exceeding the target of around €240.0 million and down -8.7% (-7.7% at constant exchange rates) on the €293.3 million figure for the first quarter of 2022-23.OutlookSecond -quarter 2023-24Net bookings for the second quarter of 2023-24 are expected to come in at around €350 million.Full-year 202 3 -2 4The Company confirms its financial targets. It expects strong top line growth and non-IFRS operating income at approximately €400 million.The FY24 line-up includes Assassin's Creed Mirage  Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora  Rainbow Six Mobile  The Division Resurgence  another large game as well as Just Dance® 24 edition  Prince of Persia The Lost Crown  Skull and Bones  The Crew Motorfest and XDefiant.Conference callUbisoft will hold a conference call today  Thursday July 20  2023  at 6:15 p.m. Paris time/5:15 p.m. London time/12:15 p.m. New York time.The conference call will take place in English and can be accessed live and via replay by clicking on the following link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/vybfyia4ContactsInvestor RelationsJean-Benoît RoquetteSVP Investor Relations+ 33 1 48 18 52 39Jean-benoit.roquette@ubisoft.comAlexandre EnjalbertInvestor Relations Director+33 1 48 18 50 78Alexandre.enjalbert@ubisoft.comPress RelationsMichael BurkSenior Director of Corporate Public Relations+ 33 1 48 18 24 03Michael.burk@ubisoft.comDisclaimerThis press release may contain estimated financial data  information on future projects and transactions and future financial results/performance. Such forward-looking data are provided for information purposes only. They are subject to market risks and uncertainties and may vary significantly compared with the actual results that will be published. The estimated financial data have been approved by the Board of Directors  and have not been audited by the Statutory Auditors. (Additional information is provided in the most recent Ubisoft Registration Document filed on July 20  2023 with the French Financial Markets Authority (l’Autorité des Marchés Financiers)).About UbisoftUbisoft is a creator of worlds  committed to enriching players’ lives with original and memorable entertainment experiences. Ubisoft’s global teams create and develop a deep and diverse portfolio of games  featuring brands such as Assassin’s Creed®  Brawlhalla®  For Honor®  Far Cry®  Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon®  Just Dance®  Rabbids®  Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six®  The Crew® and Tom Clancy’s The Division®. Through Ubisoft Connect  players can enjoy an ecosystem of services to enhance their gaming experience  get rewards and connect with friends across platforms. With Ubisoft+  the subscription service  they can access a growing catalog of more than 100 Ubisoft games and DLC. For the 2022–23 fiscal year  Ubisoft generated net bookings of €1 739 million. To learn more  please visit: www.ubisoftgroup.com.© 2023 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Ubisoft and the Ubisoft logo are registered trademarks in the US and/or other countries.APPENDICESDefinition of non-IFRS financial indicatorsNet bookings corresponds to sales restated for the services component and including unconditional amounts related tolicense or distribution agreements recognized independently of the achievement of performance obligations.Player Recurring Investment (PRI) corresponds to sales of digital items  DLC  season passes  subscriptions and advertising.Non-IFRS operating income calculated based on net bookings corresponds to operating income less the following items:Stock-based compensation expense arising on free share plans  group savings plans and/or stock options.Depreciation of acquired intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.Non-operating income and expenses resulting from restructuring operations within the Group.Breakdown of net bookings by geographic regionQ1 2023-24 Q1 2022-23 Europe 33% 29% North America 51% 51% Rest of the world16% 20% TOTAL 100% 100%Breakdown of net bookings by platformQ1 2023-24 Q1 2022-23 CONSOLES 50% 47% PC 31% 27% MOBILE 10% 12% Others*9% 14% TOTAL 100% 100%*Ancillaries  etc.Title release schedule2 nd quarter ( July – September 202 3 )DIGITAL + PHYSICALTHE CREW® MOTORFEST AMAZON LUNA  PC  PLAYSTATION® 4  PLAYSTATION® 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S UNO® PLAYSTATION® 5  XBOX XDIGITAL ONLYFOR HONOR®: Year 7 - Season 3 PC  PLAYSTATION® 4  XBOX ONE MARIO + RABBIDS®: SPARKS OF HOPE DLC3 NINTENDO SWITCH RIDERS REPUBLIC™: Season 8 + Skate DLC AMAZON LUNA  PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S RIDER WORLDS IOS  ANDROID THE CREW® 2: Season 9 - Episode 1 PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S THE CREW® 2: Season 9 - Episode 2 PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S THE SETTLERS®: NEW ALLIES Consoles PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX X  NINTENDO SWITCH TOM CLANCY’S RAINBOW SIX® SIEGE: Year 8 - Season 3 AMAZON LUNA  PC  PLAYSTATION 4  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX ONE  XBOX SERIES X/S XDEFIANT: Season 0 PC  PLAYSTATION 5  XBOX SERIES X/S1 Sales at constant exchange rates are calculated by applying to the data for the period under review the average exchange rates used for the same period of the previous fiscal year.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['First-Quarter 2023-24 Sales', 'Ubisoft Reports', '64% higher max concurrent live views', 'open world action adventure/RPG game', 'Rainbow Six® Siege net bookings', 'multiplayer pirate open-world game', 'NA Digital net bookings', 'Successful Ubisoft Forward event', 'The Crew® Motorfest release', 'FIRST-QUARTER2023-24 SALES Q1 performance', 'Rainbow Six® Mobile', 'three-day open session', 'total organic views', 'total net bookings', 'PRI net bookings', 'catalog net bookings', 'The Crew Motorfest', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'significant value creation', 'significant financial value', 'significant cost reductions', 'Star Wars Outlaws™', 'NA Net bookings', 'Creed Codename Jade', 'The Division® Heartland', 'The Division® Resurgence', 'The Division Resurgence', 'long-lasting Live games', 'Other Live games', 'key strategic pillars', 'medium-term mobile footprint', 'new Year 8 Season', 'new seasonal content', 'numerous test phases', 'biggest publishing de', 'Ubisoft Forward conference', '3-day closed beta', 'MOBILE GAME', 'Creed® Mirage', 'Live experiences', 'previous Forward', 'key data', 'publishing partnership', 'biggest opportunities', 'seasonal events', 'content creators', 'promisingbig-brand games', 'sales figures', 'UBISOFT REPORTS', 'tangible evidence', 'line-up strength', '2023-24 targets', 'press release', 'three months', 'Yves Guillemot', 'two-pillar strategy', 'larger audience', 'recurring revenues', 'positive sentiment', 'important moment', 'Play titles', 'Level Infinite', 'powerful appeal', 'shareholder agreement', 'sharp focus', 'meaningful progression', 'cash-flow generation', 'Q1 ACTIVITY', 'Tom Clancy', 'strong activity', 'record MAUs', 'play initiatives', 'valuable data', 'respective betas', 'technical infrastructure', 'close collaboration', 'Los Angeles', 'unseen gameplay', 'industry peers', '26-point progression', '102 million impressions', 'special moment', 'licensing partnership', 'Android devices', 'major brands', 'upcoming months', 'upcoming releases', 'big brands', 'social media', '4,000 media articles', 'coming years', 'community sentiment', 'Tencent subsidiary', 'first quarter', 'global teams', '15 sales', 'Confirmation', 'english', 'french', 'change', 'IFRS', 'Back', 'Paris', 'fiscal', 'June', 'Founder', 'expected', 'addition', 'engagement', 'players', 'pride', 'Assassin', 'benefit', 'future', 'earnings', 'DAUs', 'XDefiant', 'developers', 'fans', 'chance', 'July', 'Skull', 'Bones™', 'August', 'trailers', 'Avatar', 'Frontiers', 'Pandora™', 'opportunity', 'stakeholders', 'Hundreds', 'journalists', 'access', 'demos', 'show', 'celebration', 'work', 'iOS']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28064,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/kingspan-confirms-exit-from-london-stock-exchange/a800075463.html,Kingspan confirms exit from London stock exchange,Insulation panel maker Kingspan has confirmed its exit from the London stock exchange after a majority of shareholders okayed the move.,Insulation panel maker Kingspan has confirmed its exit from the London stock exchange after a majority of shareholders approved the move.After an extraordinary general meeting on Thursday  the Dublin-listed firm said it expects to make applications to the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority to cancel the listing today.The last day of share dealings is expected to be on August 17  with the cancellation taking effect when markets open on August 18.The vote was carried by a large majority of 98.43pc of shareholders  with the total number of ordinary shares eligible to vote at the meeting at 181 937 534.Earlier this year Kingspan pledged to maintain its Dublin listing as the majority of its shares are traded here.It said share trading on the London exchange was “negligible”.Kingspan shares were down slightly in early trading in Dublin and London  though they had been picking up steam on both exchanges over the last few days.The insulation panel maker is the third Irish firm to exit London for a main listing in the US this year.Building materials giant CRH recently confirmed its move to New York – though it will maintain a secondary listing in London – while Paddy Power owner Flutter is plotting a similar move.Ryanair de-listed from the London stock exchange in 2021 due to changed EU ownership rules post-Brexit.CRH’s US move means it will also leave the Euronext Dublin exchange.Kingspan’s revenues rose 28pc to €8.3bn last year despite what it said was a testing environment and a tougher second half.The Cavan-headquartered company saw trading profit rise 10pc to €833m in the same period  thanks to acquisitions and strong price increases on the back of raw material inflation.The firm also saw a rise in first-quarter sales in 2023  with data centre business making up for a sluggish performance in its insulation business.Overall sales approached €2bn for the three months to the end of March  up 4pc on the same period last year but down 3pc on an underlying basis.Kingspan’s half-year results are due on August 18.News in 90 seconds - July 20,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['London stock exchange', 'Kingspan', 'exit', 'Paddy Power owner Flutter', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'EU ownership rules', 'tougher second half', 'The Cavan-headquartered company', 'strong price increases', 'raw material inflation', 'Insulation panel maker', 'data centre business', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'third Irish firm', 'Euronext Dublin exchange', 'London stock exchange', 'insulation business', 'London exchange', 'Dublin-listed firm', 'share dealings', 'total number', 'share trading', 'early trading', 'New York', 'testing environment', 'trading profit', 'same period', 'first-quarter sales', 'sluggish performance', 'Overall sales', 'three months', 'underlying basis', 'half-year results', 'Dublin listing', 'main listing', 'secondary listing', 'ordinary shares', 'last day', 'similar move', 'large majority', 'US move', 'Kingspan shares', 'exit', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'applications', 'UK', 'August', 'cancellation', 'effect', 'markets', 'vote', '98.43pc', 'steam', 'exchanges', 'days', 'Ryanair', 'revenues', 'acquisitions', 'back', 'rise', 'end', 'March', 'News', '90 seconds', 'July']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,independent.ie
28065,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Liquidity-contract-half-year-report-44381644/,Wavestone :  Liquidity contract half-year report,(marketscreener.com)  On 30 June 2023 and according to Wavestone's agreement with Portzamparc - BNP PARIBAS Group  the following means were dedicated to implement the liquidity contract:17 700 Wavestone shares;€ 697 855.79 in cash.Note that at the launc…,"On 30 June 2023 and according to Wavestone's agreement with Portzamparc - BNP PARIBAS Group  the following means were dedicated to implement the liquidity contract:17 700 Wavestone shares;€ 697 855.79 in cash.Note that at the launch of the contract (on the date of entry into force of the contract  in accordance with AMF decision no 2018-01 of 2 July 2018 - position on 12/31/2018)  the means were the following:36 611 Wavestone shares;€ 88 633.74 in cash.Trading summary for the first half of 2023:Purchases 50 575 shares € 2 332 570.74 542 transactions Sales 51 074 shares € 2 371 475.04 559 transactionsAbout WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the aim of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This is anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in our overarching values  known as “The Positive Way.”Wavestone draws on more than 4 000 employees across Europe  Asia  and the United States  and is a leading global consultancy.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris  and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35Details[1] of the transactions executed: purchases on the one hand and sales on the other hand; in an aggregated table for each trading day of the 1st half of 2023PURCHASES SALES Date Number of transactions Number of shares Traded capitalin euros Date Number of transactions Number of shares Traded capitalin euros TOTAL 542 50 575 2 332 570.74 TOTAL 559 51 074 2 371 475.04 01/02/2023 12 1 200 51 804.96 01/02/2023 6 550 24 124.98 01/03/2023 2 104 4 400.4 01/03/2023 8 800 34 260 01/04/2023 5 401 16 972.57 01/04/2023 1 1 42.55 01/05/2023 8 800 33 405.04 01/06/2023 7 594 24 857.18 01/06/2023 2 200 8 300 01/09/2023 7 700 29 715 01/10/2023 5 486 21 036.61 01/10/2023 2 200 8 750 01/12/2023 3 300 13 149.99 01/11/2023 8 715 31 157.98 01/17/2023 6 600 27 810 01/12/2023 6 600 26 520 01/18/2023 1 1 46.55 01/13/2023 7 700 31 014.97 01/19/2023 7 700 32 300.03 01/16/2023 1 24 1 125.6 01/20/2023 3 300 13 680 01/17/2023 3 300 14 100 01/24/2023 3 300 13 989.99 01/18/2023 7 601 28 196.58 01/25/2023 10 1 000 45 730 01/19/2023 2 200 9 310 01/27/2023 3 250 11 620 01/20/2023 5 500 22 980 01/30/2023 4 400 18 560 01/23/2023 8 800 36 920 01/31/2023 1 100 4 610 01/24/2023 2 200 9 370 02/01/2023 4 400 19 180 01/25/2023 1 100 4 600 02/03/2023 8 850 41 474.99 01/26/2023 5 500 23 230 02/06/2023 7 800 38 720 01/30/2023 1 1 46.85 02/07/2023 2 136 6 615.39 01/31/2023 8 800 37 530 02/08/2023 2 200 9 770 02/01/2023 1 100 4 840 02/10/2023 5 493 24 444.22 02/02/2023 8 800 38 725.04 02/13/2023 5 500 24 640 02/03/2023 2 200 9 770 02/14/2023 5 401 19 689.58 02/07/2023 8 800 39 255.04 02/15/2023 2 300 14 760 02/08/2023 5 500 24 640 02/16/2023 2 200 9 840 02/09/2023 6 600 30 004.98 02/17/2023 4 400 19 590 02/10/2023 5 500 25 050 02/20/2023 6 600 29 539.98 02/13/2023 5 500 24 880 02/21/2023 7 601 29 669.21 02/14/2023 3 201 9 999.61 02/22/2023 4 301 14 749.09 02/15/2023 2 200 9 930 02/23/2023 1 1 49.45 02/16/2023 3 300 14 910 02/24/2023 9 801 39 535.04 02/17/2023 6 600 29 670 02/27/2023 5 452 22 140.18 02/20/2023 4 400 19 850 02/28/2023 7 700 33 915 02/21/2023 2 161 7 991.7 03/01/2023 3 201 9 859.19 02/22/2023 5 401 19 829.09 03/02/2023 5 356 17 484.58 02/23/2023 5 401 19 949.47 03/03/2023 1 50 2 525 02/24/2023 6 501 25 110.02 03/06/2023 7 700 35 539.98 02/27/2023 4 400 19 740 03/07/2023 8 728 36 373.21 02/28/2023 2 161 7 901.2 03/08/2023 1 100 4 940 03/01/2023 3 201 9 929.2 03/09/2023 12 1 200 56 600.04 03/02/2023 7 700 35 000 03/10/2023 6 600 26 779.98 03/03/2023 4 400 20 350 03/13/2023 7 700 30 880.01 03/06/2023 1 100 5 080 03/14/2023 1 100 4 370 03/07/2023 2 200 10 100 03/15/2023 8 750 33 384.98 03/08/2023 6 501 25 010.52 03/16/2023 5 600 26 389.98 03/10/2023 2 200 8 970 03/17/2023 10 955 41 918.29 03/13/2023 1 100 4 470 03/20/2023 7 700 29 554.98 03/14/2023 6 590 26 306.98 03/21/2023 3 201 8 643.14 03/15/2023 3 327 14 669.61 03/22/2023 1 100 4 380 03/16/2023 5 500 22 285 03/23/2023 6 505 22 311.51 03/17/2023 5 500 22 255 03/24/2023 5 500 22 130 03/20/2023 10 1 050 44 927.51 03/27/2023 1 100 4 400 03/21/2023 9 886 38 477.92 03/28/2023 7 601 26 594.49 03/22/2023 3 300 13 224.99 03/29/2023 3 300 13 260 03/23/2023 8 800 35 630 03/31/2023 6 600 26 820 03/27/2023 7 700 31 049.97 04/04/2023 4 400 18 170 03/28/2023 5 401 17 884.52 04/05/2023 2 200 9 080 03/29/2023 1 100 4 450 04/06/2023 14 1 400 63 729.96 03/30/2023 5 500 22 245 04/11/2023 9 900 40 380.03 03/31/2023 3 300 13 560 04/12/2023 3 287 12 797.16 04/03/2023 11 950 43 207.52 04/13/2023 4 400 17 785 04/04/2023 1 100 4 560 04/14/2023 4 305 13 602.51 04/05/2023 6 600 27 510 04/17/2023 6 501 22 294.4 04/06/2023 2 122 5 632.5 04/18/2023 5 359 15 874.26 04/12/2023 2 200 9 010 04/19/2023 8 701 30 739.13 04/13/2023 1 100 4 485 04/20/2023 4 301 13 359.4 04/14/2023 4 400 17 910 04/21/2023 12 1 101 48 094.43 04/17/2023 6 501 22 394.4 04/25/2023 6 560 24 517.02 04/18/2023 4 301 13 379.36 04/26/2023 5 401 17 468.84 04/19/2023 10 821 36 286.15 04/27/2023 8 800 35 150 04/20/2023 5 401 17 904.41 05/02/2023 6 501 23 176.01 04/21/2023 1 1 44.4 05/03/2023 5 500 22 975 04/24/2023 5 500 21 830 05/04/2023 11 1 001 45 705.96 04/25/2023 5 350 15 424.89 05/05/2023 6 501 22 484.98 04/26/2023 8 608 26 694.3 05/08/2023 5 442 20 343.58 04/27/2023 5 444 19 649.22 05/09/2023 2 200 9 150 04/28/2023 23 2 150 99 102.53 05/10/2023 6 600 27 720 05/02/2023 7 601 27 976.01 05/12/2023 2 200 9 330 05/03/2023 2 200 9 280 05/15/2023 3 300 14 135.01 05/04/2023 8 701 32 360.96 05/16/2023 14 1 400 64 980.02 05/05/2023 13 1 105 50 661.05 05/17/2023 4 301 13 780.95 05/08/2023 4 371 17 238.59 05/18/2023 1 1 45.85 05/09/2023 5 455 21 011.99 05/19/2023 3 106 4 902.1 05/11/2023 5 500 23 290 05/22/2023 6 600 27 705 05/12/2023 2 200 9 370 05/23/2023 5 459 20 886.8 05/15/2023 5 500 23 650 05/24/2023 6 482 21 661.8 05/16/2023 3 203 9 597.84 05/25/2023 5 500 22 295 05/17/2023 4 301 13 860.96 05/26/2023 2 200 8 790 05/18/2023 7 502 23 117.2 05/29/2023 2 200 8 890 05/19/2023 4 301 13 981.36 05/30/2023 5 421 18 662.64 05/22/2023 1 1 46.75 05/31/2023 2 200 8 720 05/23/2023 1 1 45.9 06/01/2023 5 500 22 145 05/24/2023 1 1 45.15 06/02/2023 3 300 13 785 05/25/2023 1 9 405 06/06/2023 2 200 9 410 05/26/2023 8 741 32 791.62 06/08/2023 4 400 19 390 05/29/2023 1 1 44.7 06/09/2023 4 400 19 310 05/30/2023 1 5 223.25 06/12/2023 2 200 9 640 05/31/2023 6 600 26 790 06/13/2023 2 200 9 740 06/01/2023 11 1 100 49 708.45 06/14/2023 7 700 34 129.97 06/02/2023 5 500 23 125 06/15/2023 3 300 14 385 06/05/2023 7 606 28 426.79 06/16/2023 3 300 14 430 06/06/2023 4 400 18 990 06/19/2023 7 615 29 511.51 06/07/2023 7 700 33 890.01 06/20/2023 3 201 9 497.35 06/08/2023 1 1 48.55 06/21/2023 2 200 9 660 06/09/2023 3 245 11 889.26 06/22/2023 5 500 24 220 06/12/2023 4 400 19 490 06/23/2023 3 201 9 678.15 06/13/2023 5 500 24 545 06/26/2023 4 400 19 170 06/14/2023 1 100 4 945 06/27/2023 8 800 39 355.04 06/15/2023 5 500 24 175 06/28/2023 1 1 48.6 06/16/2023 5 500 24 180 06/29/2023 4 400 19 780 06/19/2023 1 100 4 820 06/30/2023 2 101 5 024.65 06/20/2023 6 501 23 947.35 06/21/2023 5 500 24 360 06/22/2023 1 4 194.4 06/23/2023 4 301 14 568.16 06/26/2023 7 700 34 359.99 06/28/2023 7 700 34 419.98 06/29/2023 6 600 29 845.02 06/30/2023 3 300 14 960.011 Number of transactions and volume (number of shares and traded capital)This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJicYJZvkpmanHJpl5qZbmKXbZhqlJWUmWPLmGhxYszHmW1hm2djl8iaZnFilW1s- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Information relating to the liquidity contract Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81086-wavestone_cp-bilan-semestriel-contrat-liquidite_200723-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Liquidity contract half-year report', 'Wavestone', 'BNP PARIBAS Group', 'leading global consultancy', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'PURCHASES SALES Date Number', 'The Positive Way', 'positive outcome', 'AMF decision', 'Trading summary', 'first half', 'large organizations', 'critical transformations', 'overarching values', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Press relations', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'aggregated table', 'trading day', '1st half', 'transactions Number', 'following means', 'liquidity contract', '17,700 Wavestone shares', '36,611 Wavestone shares', '542 transactions', '559 transactions', '50,575 shares', '074 shares', '30 June', 'agreement', 'Portzamparc', 'cash', 'launch', 'entry', 'force', 'accordance', '2 July', 'position', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'aim', 'stakeholders', 'firm', 'DNA', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Work', 'Tel.', 'Actus', 'Investor', 'Details', 'capital', 'euros', 'TOTAL', '2023', '33', '1 49', '1 53']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28066,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATEME-16917716/news/Ateme-HALF-YEAR-LIQUIDITY-CONTRACT-STATEMENT-44381704/,Ateme :  HALF-YEAR LIQUIDITY CONTRACT STATEMENT,(marketscreener.com)  Under the liquidity contract entered into between ATEME and Kepler Cheuvreux  the following resources appeared on the liquidity account on June 30th 2023:15 322 shares€ 60 853.52Number of executions on buy side on semester: 272Nu…,"Under the liquidity contract entered into between ATEME and Kepler Cheuvreux  the following resources appeared on the liquidity account on June 30th 2023:15 322 shares€ 60 853.52Number of executions on buy side on semester: 272Number of executions on sell side on semester: 194Traded volume on buy side on semester: 17 700 shares for € 169 527.18Traded volume on sell side on semester: 18 837 shares for € 183 752.93As a reminder:the following resources appeared on the last half year statement on 31 December 2022 on the liquidity account: 16 459 shares € 46 273.62 Number of executions on buy side on semester: 330 Number of executions on sell side on semester: 247 Traded volume on buy side on semester: 18 364 shares for € 214 876.58 Traded volume on sell side on semester: 13 785 shares for € 169 891.70the following resources appeared on the liquidity account when the activity started: 13 475 shares € 62 343.03The implementation of this report is carried out in accordance with AMF Decision N°2021-01 of June 22nd 2021 renewing the implementation of liquidity contracts for shares as an accepted market practice.About Ateme: Ateme is a global leader of video compression and delivery solutions helping Tier-1 Content Providers  Service Providers and Streaming Platforms to boost their viewership and subscription engagement.Leveraging a unique R&D task force in the video industry  Ateme's solutions power green sustainable TV services  improve end-users' quality of experience  optimize the total cost of ownership of TV/VOD services and generate new revenue streams based on personalization and ad insertion. Beyond the technology agility  Ateme's value proposition is to partner with his customers by offering a great flexibility in the engagement and business models matching their financial priorities. A consequence is a rapid shift to Recurring Revenues  boosting the company resilience and creating long term value for the shareholders.Founded in 1991  Ateme has 560 employees spread over its headquarters in France and 20 offices around the world including the USA  Brazil  Argentina  UK  Spain  Germany  the UAE  Singapore  China  Korea  and Australia.Ateme has been listed on the Paris Euronext market since 2014 and in November 2020 it made the acquisition of Anevia  a provider of OTT and IPTV software solutions. In 2022  Ateme served close to 1 000 customers worldwide with revenues of €90 million  of which more than 90% outside its home market.Find out more: www.ateme.com.Name: ATEME - ISIN Code: FR0011992700 - Ticker: ATEME - Compartment: CAteme INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Michel ArtièresChairman and CEO Anne-Catherine BonjourTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93ateme@actus.fr Amaury DugastTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frBuy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 272 17 700 169 527.18 194 18 837 183 752.93 02/01/2023 10 700 7 119.00 4 399 4 197.48 03/01/2023 5 201 2 020.05 1 1 10.14 04/01/2023 4 112 1 118.88 2 101 1 020.10 05/01/2023 1 1 10.08 2 40 408.00 06/01/2023 3 190 1 881.00 6 452 4 705.32 09/01/2023 8 400 4 100.00 3 136 1 432.08 10/01/2023 2 100 1 010.00 5 350 3 591.00 11/01/2023 1 200 2 020.00 5 400 4 120.00 12/01/2023 2 100 1 010.00 - - - 13/01/2023 4 220 2 211.00 1 200 2 040.00 16/01/2023 2 150 1 530.00 - - - 17/01/2023 3 300 3 045.00 - - - 18/01/2023 4 151 1 525.10 2 301 3 070.20 19/01/2023 2 150 1 515.00 - - - 20/01/2023 1 150 1 500.00 4 73 737.30 23/01/2023 - - - 6 727 7 488.10 24/01/2023 2 100 1 030.00 1 1 10.50 25/01/2023 3 50 510.00 3 201 2 102.46 26/01/2023 4 150 1 530.00 - - - 27/01/2023 11 700 6 951.00 - - - 30/01/2023 12 650 6 123.00 - - - 31/01/2023 3 100 930.00 - - - 01/02/2023 - - - 1 1 9.50 02/02/2023 3 400 3 720.00 2 199 1 890.50 03/02/2023 - - - 2 200 1 880.00 06/02/2023 1 200 1 880.00 - - - 07/02/2023 - - - 2 400 3 800.00 08/02/2023 3 300 2 820.00 - - - 10/02/2023 1 1 9.39 1 1 9.39 13/02/2023 2 400 3 732.00 - - - 14/02/2023 7 600 5 490.00 - - - 15/02/2023 5 301 2 760.17 3 7 65.80 16/02/2023 6 500 4 565.00 1 1 9.40 17/02/2023 2 101 919.10 1 1 9.13 20/02/2023 3 101 919.10 2 201 1 849.20 21/02/2023 3 200 1 806.00 - - - 22/02/2023 1 100 900.00 1 100 920.00 23/02/2023 5 401 3 600.98 2 16 146.40 24/02/2023 2 79 711.00 1 1 9.10 28/02/2023 4 200 1 790.00 - - - 01/03/2023 - - - 3 385 3 491.95 02/03/2023 2 201 1 839.15 1 1 9.18 03/03/2023 - - - 5 200 1 820.00 06/03/2023 5 400 3 620.00 - - - 07/03/2023 - - - 2 199 1 820.85 08/03/2023 2 201 1 809.00 2 201 1 829.10 09/03/2023 1 200 1 800.00 1 1 9.15 10/03/2023 - - - 2 300 2 754.00 13/03/2023 5 700 6 335.00 - - - 15/03/2023 4 700 6 223.00 - - - 16/03/2023 1 1 8.80 5 323 2 877.93 17/03/2023 1 1 8.92 4 378 3 386.88 20/03/2023 - - - 1 52 468.00 21/03/2023 1 1 8.95 2 201 1 829.10 22/03/2023 1 1 9.09 1 1 9.09 23/03/2023 1 1 8.97 1 1 8.97 27/03/2023 - - - 1 1 9.00 28/03/2023 1 1 8.81 1 1 8.81 29/03/2023 1 1 8.81 1 1 8.81 30/03/2023 - - - 1 1 9.00 04/04/2023 1 1 8.32 1 1 8.32 06/04/2023 1 1 8.42 1 1 8.42 11/04/2023 - - - 4 410 3 710.50 12/04/2023 1 1 9.00 1 1 9.00 14/04/2023 - - - 1 200 1 800.00 18/04/2023 1 1 8.82 1 1 8.82 19/04/2023 1 1 8.94 1 1 8.94 20/04/2023 1 1 8.86 1 1 8.86 24/04/2023 3 200 1 700.00 - - - 27/04/2023 - - - 5 800 7 080.00 28/04/2023 1 1 8.92 1 1 8.92 02/05/2023 3 200 1 770.00 - - - 03/05/2023 1 1 8.82 1 1 8.82 04/05/2023 1 1 8.94 1 1 8.94 05/05/2023 - - - 2 300 2 709.00 08/05/2023 3 150 1 321.50 - - - 09/05/2023 - - - 3 490 4 361.00 10/05/2023 - - - 18 3 600 36 000.00 12/05/2023 2 201 2 050.20 4 201 2 070.30 15/05/2023 15 1 300 13 130.00 - - - 16/05/2023 5 600 5 850.00 - - - 18/05/2023 3 159 1 542.30 1 1 9.76 19/05/2023 1 42 407.40 - - - 22/05/2023 3 101 979.70 2 501 4 909.80 23/05/2023 3 159 1 555.02 - - - 24/05/2023 3 192 1 862.40 1 1 9.78 25/05/2023 4 135 1 314.90 3 1 001 9 839.83 26/05/2023 2 201 1 969.80 2 6 59.34 29/05/2023 1 1 9.90 4 496 4 910.40 30/05/2023 5 671 6 495.28 1 1 9.82 31/05/2023 1 1 9.82 1 1 9.82 01/06/2023 - - - 3 1 200 11 856.00 02/06/2023 1 1 9.94 1 1 9.94 05/06/2023 - - - 1 12 119.52 06/06/2023 1 1 9.92 2 501 4 959.90 07/06/2023 2 101 989.80 2 501 4 959.90 08/06/2023 - - - 4 688 6 859.36 09/06/2023 1 1 9.98 2 17 170.00 12/06/2023 - - - 4 484 4 840.00 13/06/2023 1 1 10.10 2 38 383.80 15/06/2023 4 201 1 979.85 1 1 9.96 16/06/2023 2 101 989.80 5 202 2 009.90 19/06/2023 3 200 1 980.00 - - - 20/06/2023 - - - 1 200 1 980.00 21/06/2023 6 300 2 961.00 - - - 22/06/2023 3 101 989.80 1 1 9.88 23/06/2023 5 201 1 939.65 1 1 9.76 26/06/2023 - - - 3 201 1 989.90 27/06/2023 8 500 4 800.00 - - - 28/06/2023 4 231 2 224.53 2 14 135.80 29/06/2023 3 170 1 625.20 - - - 30/06/2023 1 100 960.00 - - -This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nGieZslvk5eWl2+bYchsmJeUamtok2aYZWeampNwZpiWZ5phyW6UmprLZnFilW1v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Information relating to the liquidity contract Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81089-ateme_liquidity-contract-30.06.23_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['HALF-YEAR LIQUIDITY CONTRACT STATEMENT', 'unique R&D task force', 'last half year statement', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS', 'green sustainable TV services', 'new revenue streams', 'Michel Artières', 'Tier-1 Content Providers', 'long term value', 'Paris Euronext market', 'IPTV software solutions', 'Side Sell Side Number', 'TV/VOD services', 'Service Providers', 'value proposition', 'market practice', 'home market', 'liquidity contract', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'following resources', 'liquidity account', 'AMF Decision', 'global leader', 'video compression', 'delivery solutions', 'Streaming Platforms', 'video industry', ""end-users' quality"", 'ad insertion', 'technology agility', 'great flexibility', 'business models', 'financial priorities', 'rapid shift', 'company resilience', 'ISIN Code', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'Amaury Dugast', 'buy side', 'June 30th', 'subscription engagement', 'total cost', 'Recurring Revenues', 'Traded volume', 'C Ateme', 'EUR Number', '15,322 shares', 'executions', '17,700 shares', '18,837 shares', 'reminder', '31 December', '16,459 shares', '18,364 shares', '13,785 shares', 'activity', '13,475 shares', 'implementation', 'report', 'accordance', 'viewership', 'experience', 'ownership', 'personalization', 'customers', 'consequence', 'shareholders', '560 employees', 'headquarters', 'France', '20 offices', 'world', 'USA', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'UAE', 'Singapore', 'China', 'Korea', 'Australia', 'November', 'acquisition', 'Anevia', 'OTT', 'Name', 'Ticker', 'Compartment', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Tel', 'actus', '07/02', '33', '01']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28067,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gvtc-communications-chooses-enghouse-networks-and-broadpeak-to-deliver-a-world-class-video-streaming-experience-301881618.html,GVTC Communications Chooses Enghouse Networks And Broadpeak To Deliver A World-Class Video Streaming Experience,Fully managed solution provides subscribers with more TV viewing choices MARKHAM  ON  July 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Enghouse Networks  a leading global telecommunications technology and streaming TV solutions provider  announced today that its SaaS IPTV platfo…,"Fully managed solution provides subscribers with more TV viewing choicesMARKHAM  ON  July 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Enghouse Networks  a leading global telecommunications technology and streaming TV solutions provider  announced today that its SaaS IPTV platform  EspialTV  has been chosen by GVTC Communications to bring video streaming services to its customer base.The Enghouse solution allows GVTC to provide more options to its subscribers  including the ability to record and view shows on any connected device  including Amazon's Fire TV  Roku  AppleTV  phones and tablets. Subscribers will also benefit from the ability to watch TV programs and movies in leading-edge quality and enjoy new features like voice-enabled remote control  plus easy access to popular OTT streaming services.The new GVTC system also relies on Broadpeak's content delivery network (CDN) and cloud DPVR solutions. Broadpeak is a leading provider of CDN and video streaming solutions for content providers and pay-TV operators worldwide. ""Enghouse and Broadpeak have many successful joint deployments "" said Mario Rainville  Vice President  North America  Broadpeak. ""Our solutions work together to ensure a more personalized  state-of-the-art experience for subscribers.""GVTC has looked to Enghouse and Broadpeak to upgrade its current Cable TV offering to a fully managed streaming TV platform hosted in the cloud. With superior image and sound quality  plus enhanced network security  Enghouse Networks' EspialTV and Broadpeak will deliver video content (including live  catch-up  digitally recorded (NDVR)  and Video-on-Demand) to all of GVTC's stream subscribers.""We are committed to empowering the communities in our service area with leading-edge technology for today's interconnected world "" said Ritchie Sorrells  President and CEO  GVTC. ""Our continued partnership with Enghouse Networks and Broadpeak allows us to deliver on this promise. With IPTV  our customers will now be able to access all their favorite shows on their favorite devices.""""As the TV experience evolves  so does GVTC "" said Josh Pettiette  Vice President  Product Business Development and Strategic Planning  GVTC. ""In the 1980s  we built the infrastructure for cable TV  then high-speed internet in the '90s  and then Netflix's #1 ranked Fiber Internet in the 2000s. EspialTV allows us to provide the next step in this journey with its hosted IPTV platform.""""We are gratified that GVTC selected Enghouse's EspialTV for this project  based on our track record of delivering outstanding television experiences "" said Mick McCluskey  Vice President  Product Management  Enghouse Networks. ""Enghouse is renowned for being flexible in meeting operators' needs. Our operations and deployment team has a unique skill set and thorough understanding of the video streaming environment that will aid us in providing GVTC with a market-leading and highly flexible TV solution.""The Enghouse SaaS EspialTV platform offers GVTC a full set of content management capabilities  deep insight through analytics  and flexibility to easily segment and target various markets. It supports operators of all sizes -- and its flexible  cloud-based architecture will allow GVTC to control operational costs as their TV customer base grows.About Enghouse NetworksEnghouse Networks is a reliable global telecommunications technology and solutions provider. Our commitment is to successfully deliver solutions that can enable digital transformation  ultimately building a connected global community. From edge to cloud  our applications reliably enable next-generation communications and media companies  defense  public safety agencies and utilities to plan  design  engineer  monitor  protect and simplify network complexity  in a vendor-agnostic 5G  IoT  Cloud  AI  NFV and SDN ecosystem. The Enghouse Networks technology portfolio spans Network Infrastructure  Business Support Systems (BSS)  Operations Support Systems (OSS) and Digital Transformation solutions. For further information  visit www.enghousenetworks.com. Enghouse Networks is a unit of Enghouse Systems Ltd. of Markham  Ontario.About Broadpeak® ( https://broadpeak.tv)Broadpeak® designs and manufactures video delivery components for content providers and network service providers deploying IPTV  cable  OTT  and mobile services. Its portfolio of solutions and technologies powers the delivery of movies  television programming  and other video content over managed networks and the Internet for viewing on any type of device. The company's systems and services help operators increase market share and improve subscriber loyalty with superior quality of experience. Broadpeak supports all its customers worldwide  from simple installations to large delivery systems reaching capacities of several million of simultaneous streams. The company is headquartered in Cesson-Sevigne  France.Broadpeak is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (code ISIN: FR001400AJZ7; ticker: ALBPK)About GVTCGVTC is an award-winning fiber optics communications provider delivering high-speed Internet  digital cable TV  phone  and interactive smart security to residential and business customers in far north San Antonio  the Texas Hill Country  and South Central Texas. GVTC offers Internet connection speeds up to 1 Gbps. GVTC's wholesale carrier transport network delivers Ethernet data delivery between San Antonio  Austin  Dallas  Lubbock  and Houston  with access to remote Texas markets. The company's philanthropic arm  The GVTC Foundation  celebrates 17 years of charitable giving. More than $6 million in contributions have been given throughout GVTC's service area.SOURCE Enghouse Systems Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['World-Class Video Streaming Experience', 'GVTC Communications', 'Enghouse Networks', 'Broadpeak', 'award-winning fiber optics communications provider', 'many successful joint deployments', 'The Enghouse SaaS EspialTV platform', 'The Enghouse Networks technology portfolio', 'reliable global telecommunications technology', 'leading global telecommunications technology', 'current Cable TV offering', 'popular OTT streaming services', 'high-speed Internet, digital cab', 'streaming TV solutions provider', 'connected global community', 'The Enghouse solution', 'streaming TV platform', 'video streaming environment', 'Fully managed solution', 'SaaS IPTV platform', 'voice-enabled remote control', 'flexible, cloud-based architecture', 'public safety agencies', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'video streaming services', 'TV viewing choices', 'flexible TV solution', 'Business Support Systems', 'Product Business Development', 'outstanding television experiences', 'unique skill set', 'video streaming solutions', 'video delivery components', 'other video content', 'large delivery systems', 'content management capabilities', 'Enghouse Systems Ltd', 'Digital Transformation solutions', 'TV customer base', 'Operations Support Systems', 'content delivery network', 'network service providers', 'cloud DPVR solutions', 'new GVTC system', 'leading provider', 'leading-edge technology', 'Fiber Internet', 'Product Management', 'next-generation communications', 'content providers', 'Fire TV', 'TV programs', 'new features', 'service area', 'full set', 'mobile services', 'television programming', 'network security', 'network complexity', 'TV experience', 'GVTC Communications', 'leading-edge quality', 'easy access', 'Mario Rainville', 'North America', 'superior image', 'sound quality', 'interconnected world', 'Ritchie Sorrells', 'continued partnership', 'favorite devices', 'Josh Pettiette', 'Strategic Planning', 'next step', 'track record', 'Mick McCluskey', 'deployment team', 'thorough understanding', 'deep insight', 'various markets', 'operational costs', 'media companies', 'SDN ecosystem', 'market share', 'subscriber loyalty', 'superior quality', 'simple installations', 'simultaneous streams', 'Network Infrastructure', 'Vice President', 'art experience', 'pay-TV operators', 'favorite shows', ""operators' needs"", 'stream subscribers', 'MARKHAM', 'July', 'options', 'ability', 'Amazon', 'Roku', 'AppleTV', 'phones', 'tablets', 'movies', 'Broadpeak', 'CDN', 'NDVR', 'Demand', 'communities', 'today', 'CEO', 'promise', 'customers', '1980s', 'Netflix', '2000s', 'journey', 'project', 'market-leading', 'highly', 'analytics', 'flexibility', 'sizes', 'commitment', 'applications', 'defense', 'utilities', 'engineer', 'IoT', 'NFV', 'BSS', 'OSS', 'information', 'enghousenetworks', 'Ontario', 'technologies', 'type', 'company', 'capacities', 'Cesson-Sevigne', 'France', 'code', 'ticker', 'ALBPK']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,prnewswire.com
28068,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gvtc-communications-chooses-enghouse-networks-and-broadpeak-to-deliver-a-world-class-video-streaming-experience-301881623.html,GVTC Communications Chooses Enghouse Networks And Broadpeak To Deliver A World-Class Video Streaming Experience,Fully managed solution provides subscribers with more TV viewing choices MARKHAM  ON  July 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Enghouse Networks  a leading global telecommunications technology and streaming TV solutions provider  announced today that its SaaS IPTV platf…,"Fully managed solution provides subscribers with more TV viewing choicesMARKHAM  ON  July 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Enghouse Networks  a leading global telecommunications technology and streaming TV solutions provider  announced today that its SaaS IPTV platform  EspialTV  has been chosen by GVTC Communications to bring video streaming services to its customer base.The Enghouse solution allows GVTC to provide more options to its subscribers  including the ability to record and view shows on any connected device  including Amazon's Fire TV  Roku  AppleTV  phones and tablets. Subscribers will also benefit from the ability to watch TV programs and movies in leading-edge quality and enjoy new features like voice-enabled remote control  plus easy access to popular OTT streaming services.The new GVTC system also relies on Broadpeak's content delivery network (CDN) and cloud DPVR solutions. Broadpeak is a leading provider of CDN and video streaming solutions for content providers and pay-TV operators worldwide. ""Enghouse and Broadpeak have many successful joint deployments "" said Mario Rainville  Vice President  North America  Broadpeak. ""Our solutions work together to ensure a more personalized  state-of-the-art experience for subscribers.""GVTC has looked to Enghouse and Broadpeak to upgrade its current Cable TV offering to a fully managed streaming TV platform hosted in the cloud. With superior image and sound quality  plus enhanced network security  Enghouse Networks' EspialTV and Broadpeak will deliver video content (including live  catch-up  digitally recorded (NDVR)  and Video-on-Demand) to all of GVTC's stream subscribers.""We are committed to empowering the communities in our service area with leading-edge technology for today's interconnected world "" said Ritchie Sorrells  President and CEO  GVTC. ""Our continued partnership with Enghouse Networks and Broadpeak allows us to deliver on this promise. With IPTV  our customers will now be able to access all their favorite shows on their favorite devices.""""As the TV experience evolves  so does GVTC "" said Josh Pettiette  Vice President  Product Business Development and Strategic Planning  GVTC. ""In the 1980s  we built the infrastructure for cable TV  then high-speed internet in the '90s  and then Netflix's #1 ranked Fiber Internet in the 2000s. EspialTV allows us to provide the next step in this journey with its hosted IPTV platform.""""We are gratified that GVTC selected Enghouse's EspialTV for this project  based on our track record of delivering outstanding television experiences "" said Mick McCluskey  Vice President  Product Management  Enghouse Networks. ""Enghouse is renowned for being flexible in meeting operators' needs. Our operations and deployment team has a unique skill set and thorough understanding of the video streaming environment that will aid us in providing GVTC with a market-leading and highly flexible TV solution.""The Enghouse SaaS EspialTV platform offers GVTC a full set of content management capabilities  deep insight through analytics  and flexibility to easily segment and target various markets. It supports operators of all sizes -- and its flexible  cloud-based architecture will allow GVTC to control operational costs as their TV customer base grows.About Enghouse NetworksEnghouse Networks is a reliable global telecommunications technology and solutions provider. Our commitment is to successfully deliver solutions that can enable digital transformation  ultimately building a connected global community. From edge to cloud  our applications reliably enable next-generation communications and media companies  defense  public safety agencies and utilities to plan  design  engineer  monitor  protect and simplify network complexity  in a vendor-agnostic 5G  IoT  Cloud  AI  NFV and SDN ecosystem. The Enghouse Networks technology portfolio spans Network Infrastructure  Business Support Systems (BSS)  Operations Support Systems (OSS) and Digital Transformation solutions. For further information  visit www.enghousenetworks.com. Enghouse Networks is a unit of Enghouse Systems Ltd. of Markham  Ontario.About Broadpeak® ( https://broadpeak.tv)Broadpeak® designs and manufactures video delivery components for content providers and network service providers deploying IPTV  cable  OTT  and mobile services. Its portfolio of solutions and technologies powers the delivery of movies  television programming  and other video content over managed networks and the Internet for viewing on any type of device. The company's systems and services help operators increase market share and improve subscriber loyalty with superior quality of experience. Broadpeak supports all its customers worldwide  from simple installations to large delivery systems reaching capacities of several million of simultaneous streams. The company is headquartered in Cesson-Sevigne  France.Broadpeak is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (code ISIN: FR001400AJZ7; ticker: ALBPK)About GVTCGVTC is an award-winning fiber optics communications provider delivering high-speed Internet  digital cable TV  phone  and interactive smart security to residential and business customers in far north San Antonio  the Texas Hill Country  and South Central Texas. GVTC offers Internet connection speeds up to 1 Gbps. GVTC's wholesale carrier transport network delivers Ethernet data delivery between San Antonio  Austin  Dallas  Lubbock  and Houston  with access to remote Texas markets. The company's philanthropic arm  The GVTC Foundation  celebrates 17 years of charitable giving. More than $6 million in contributions have been given throughout GVTC's service area.Enghouse Networks Contact: Balvinder Sandhu  Director  Demand Generation  Tel: +44 (0)1628 641 789  Email: [email protected]SOURCE Enghouse Systems Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['World-Class Video Streaming Experience', 'GVTC Communications', 'Enghouse Networks', 'Broadpeak', 'award-winning fiber optics communications provider', 'many successful joint deployments', 'The Enghouse SaaS EspialTV platform', 'The Enghouse Networks technology portfolio', 'reliable global telecommunications technology', 'leading global telecommunications technology', 'current Cable TV offering', 'popular OTT streaming services', 'streaming TV solutions provider', 'connected global community', 'The Enghouse solution', 'streaming TV platform', 'video streaming environment', 'Fully managed solution', 'SaaS IPTV platform', 'voice-enabled remote control', 'flexible, cloud-based architecture', 'public safety agencies', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'video streaming services', 'TV viewing choices', 'flexible TV solution', 'Business Support Systems', 'Product Business Development', 'outstanding television experiences', 'unique skill set', 'video streaming solutions', 'video delivery components', 'other video content', 'large delivery systems', 'content management capabilities', 'Enghouse Systems Ltd', 'TV customer base', 'Operations Support Systems', 'content delivery network', 'network service providers', 'Digital Transformation solutions', 'cloud DPVR solutions', 'new GVTC system', 'leading provider', 'leading-edge technology', 'Fiber Internet', 'Product Management', 'next-generation communications', 'content providers', 'Fire TV', 'TV programs', 'new features', 'service area', 'full set', 'mobile services', 'television programming', 'network security', 'network complexity', 'digital ca', 'TV experience', 'GVTC Communications', 'leading-edge quality', 'easy access', 'Mario Rainville', 'North America', 'superior image', 'sound quality', 'interconnected world', 'Ritchie Sorrells', 'continued partnership', 'favorite devices', 'Josh Pettiette', 'Strategic Planning', 'next step', 'track record', 'Mick McCluskey', 'deployment team', 'thorough understanding', 'deep insight', 'various markets', 'operational costs', 'media companies', 'SDN ecosystem', 'market share', 'subscriber loyalty', 'superior quality', 'simple installations', 'simultaneous streams', 'Network Infrastructure', 'Vice President', 'art experience', 'high-speed internet', 'pay-TV operators', 'favorite shows', ""operators' needs"", 'stream subscribers', 'MARKHAM', 'July', 'options', 'ability', 'Amazon', 'Roku', 'AppleTV', 'phones', 'tablets', 'movies', 'Broadpeak', 'CDN', 'NDVR', 'Demand', 'communities', 'today', 'CEO', 'promise', 'customers', '1980s', 'Netflix', '2000s', 'journey', 'project', 'market-leading', 'highly', 'analytics', 'flexibility', 'sizes', 'commitment', 'applications', 'defense', 'utilities', 'engineer', 'IoT', 'NFV', 'BSS', 'OSS', 'information', 'enghousenetworks', 'Ontario', 'technologies', 'type', 'company', 'capacities', 'Cesson-Sevigne', 'France', 'code', 'ticker', 'ALBPK']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,prnewswire.com
28069,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-First-Half-2023-Results-44374159/,Publicis Groupe : First Half 2023 Results,(marketscreener.com) Outperforming in Q2 with +7.1% organic growth - Upgrade of FY 2023 guidance on all KPIs July 20  2023   Q2 organic growth at +7.1% thanks to revenue mix and New Business tailwindContinued sustained performance across regions: U.S. +5%  Eu…,"Outperforming in Q2 with +7.1% organic growth-Upgrade of FY 2023 guidance on all KPIsJuly 20  2023Q2 organic growth at +7.1% thanks to revenue mix and New Business tailwindContinued sustained performance across regions: U.S. +5%  Europe +15%  China +7%Operating margin rate maintained at historically high level of 17.3% in H1Headline diluted EPS up +11% at €3.21  Free Cash Flow slightly up at €725m despite FY’22 R&D tax paymentUpgrade of 2023 guidance despite persistent macro uncertainties: organic growth now expected at circa +5%  operating margin rate close to 18%  Free Cash Flow at least €1.6bnQ2 2023Net revenue €3 239m Reported growth +5.4% Organic growth +7.1%H1 2023 Results(EUR million) H1 2023 2023 vs 2022 Revenue 7 105 +8.5% Net revenue 6 318 +7.6% Organic growth +7.1% Operating margin 1 093 +7.4% Operating margin rate 17.3% Headline Groupe net income 813 +11.8% Headline diluted EPS (euro) 3.21 +11.3% Free Cash Flow1 725 +2.4% Free Cash Flow1 2excluding 2022-related TCJA 835 +17.9%Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“The first half of the year has been strong for Publicis.In Q2  we continue to outperform the market on organic growth thanks to our unique revenue mix and new business track record with +7.1%  ahead of expectations after double-digit growth in 2022.We delivered the best financial KPIs in the industry in H1 thanks to our platform organization  with operating margin at 17.3%  in line with the historically high level of 2022.As we shifted from a communication to a transformation partner for our clients  we are confirming that we have become a stronger company since 2019 with our net revenue up +45% on a reported basis and our operating margin up +68% over this period.With our investments in Epsilon  powering Creative and Media through personalization at scale  Sapient and Marcel  we are uniquely positioned to lead the future of our industry. It will inevitably be shaped by data  tech and AI that are already at the heart of our business model both in how we work for our clients and in the way we operate.But Publicis is not only future-proof. It is also more resilient to business cycles  allowing us to upgrade our guidance on all KPIs for the year despite persistent macroeconomic uncertainty. We now expect to deliver organic growth at circa +5% for 2023  above our 3Y CAGR of +4%  with operating margin rate close to 18%.I would like to sincerely thank our clients for their continued trust and all our talent for their dedication throughout the last months.”* **Publicis Groupe’s Supervisory Board met on July 19th  2023  under the chairmanship of Maurice Lévy  to examine the 2023 first semester accounts presented by Arthur Sadoun  CEO and Chairman of the Management Board.KEY FIGURESEUR million  except per-share data and percentages H1 2023 H1 2022 2023vs 2022 Data from the Income Statement and Cash flow Statement Net revenue 6 318 5 873 +7.6% Pass-through revenue 787 674 +16.8% Revenue 7 105 6 547 +8.5% EBITDA 1 335 1 287 +3.7% % of Net revenue 21.1% 21.9% -80bps Operating margin 1 093 1 018 +7.4% % of Net revenue 17.3% 17.3% - Operating income 843 761 +10.8% Net income attributable to the Groupe 623 537 +16.0% Earnings Per Share (EPS) 2.48 2.15 +15.3% Headline diluted EPS3 3.21 2.88 +11.3% Free Cash Flow before change in working capital requirements 725 708 +2.4% Data from the Balance Sheet June 30  2023 Dec 31  2022Total assets 33 700 35 898 Groupe share of Shareholders’ equity 9 188 9 635 Net debt (net cash) 226 (634)NET REVENUE IN Q2 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q2 2023 was 3 239 million euros  up +5.4% from 3 073 million euros in 2022. Exchange rates had a negative impact of 73 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 26 million euros. Organic growth reached +7.1%.Breakdown of Q2 2023 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q2 2023 Q2 2022 Growth Growth North America 1 955 1 912 +2.2% +4.9% Europe 809 709 +14.1% +15.2% Asia Pacific 300 289 +3.8% +2.6% Middle East & Africa 91 90 +1.1% +6.5% Latin America 84 73 +15.1% +5.9% Total 3 239 3 073 +5.4% +7.1%North America net revenue was up +2.2% on a reported basis in Q2 2023  including a negative impact of the US dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth in the region was +4.9%  of which +5.0% in the U.S.. Publicis Sapient grew at a very solid +5.1% organically despite high comparables of 17%  in a context of slower decision making process for DBT projects. Epsilon grew +6.9% organically  notably driven by outperforming Digital Media. Canada was up +2.2% organically.Net revenue in Europe was up by +14.1% on a reported basis. It was up by +15.2% on an organic basis  or +11.6% excluding the contribution of our Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore. Organic growth in the U.K. was +17.0%  with a notable double-digit growth in Media and at Publicis Sapient. Organic growth in France was +5.0%4 with double-digit growth in Media and at Publicis Sapient. Germany was up +9.5% organically with double-digit growth in Media and very solid Publicis Sapient. Central & Eastern Europe grew +17.1% organically thanks to double-digit growth in Poland  Hungary and Czech Republic and the resumption of activity in Ukraine.Net revenue in Asia Pacific was +3.8% on a reported basis  and +2.6% organically. China accelerated to +7.0% organic growth after +3.7% in Q1. Thailand sequentially improved while remaining in negative territory due to the phasing of a large project  while Singapore  Vietnam and Japan posted double digit growth. Australia and New Zealand were stable.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +1.1% on a reported basis  and +6.5% organically on top of a high comparable basis of +15.3% in Q2 2022.Net revenue in Latin America was up +5.9% organically driven by strong Media like in Q1. The region posted +15.1% on a reported basis notably benefitting from the acquisition of Practia.NET REVENUE IN H1 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue for the first half 2023 was 6 318 million euros  up by +7.6% compared to 5 873 million euros in H1 2022. Exchange rate variations over the period had a low negative impact of 12 million euros. Acquisitions (net of disposals) have a positive impact of 40 million euros on net revenue. Organic growth was +7.1% in H1 2023.Breakdown of H1 2023 net revenue by sectorOn the basis of 3 298 clients representing 91% of Groupe net revenueBreakdown of H1 2023 net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million H1 2023 H1 2022 growth growth North America 3 893 3 660 +6.4% +5.3% Europe 1 552 1 371 +13.2% +13.8% Asia Pacific 550 550 0.0% +1.7% Middle East & Africa 179 165 +8.5% +11.2% Latin America 144 127 +13.4% +6.7% Total 6 318 5 873 +7.6% +7.1%Net revenue in North America was up by +5.3% on an organic basis in the first half (+6.4% on a reported basis). The U.S. performed strongly at +5.4% organically reflecting the strength of our model.Europe posted +13.8% organic growth in H1 (+13.2% on a reported basis). Excluding the impact of the Groupe’s Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore in France  the organic growth in Europe is +12.1%. The U.K. was at +20.3% organic  France at +4.0%5  Germany at +9.9% and Central & Eastern Europe at +14.0%.Asia Pacific net revenue was up by +1.7% on an organic basis (flat on a reported basis). China reported an organic growth of +5.6%  and Australia & New Zealand were up by +2.4% on an organic basis.Net revenue in the Middle East and Africa region was up by +11.2% on an organic basis (+8.5% reported) and up by +6.7% in Latin America (+13.4% reported).ANALYSIS OF H1 2023 KEY FIGURESIncome StatementEBITDA amounted to 1 335 million euros in H1 2023  compared to 1 287 million euros in H1 2022  up by +3.7%. This represents 21.1% of net revenue.Personnel costs totaled 4 200 million euros in H1 2023 from 3 888 million euros in H1 2022  an increase of +8.0% close to the growth in net revenue. As a percentage of net revenue  personnel expenses were 66.5% in H1 2023  versus 66.2% in H1 2022. Fixed personnel costs were 3 725 million euros and represented 59.0% of net revenue versus 57.5% in H1 2022. As expected the cost of freelancers decreased by 68 million euros in H1 2023 or 140 basis points  representing 165 million euros. Restructuring costs were 45 million euros  up versus 30 million euros in H1 2022.Non personel costs amounted to 1 025 million euros in H1 2023  compared to 967 million euros in H1 2022. This represented 16.2% of net revenue in H1 2023 versus 16.5% of net revenue in H1 2022. They comprised:Other operating expenses (excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 783 million euros  compared to 698 million euros in H1 2022. This represents 12.4% of net revenue compared to 11.9% in H1 2022.(excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 783 million euros  compared to 698 million euros in H1 2022. This represents 12.4% of net revenue compared to 11.9% in H1 2022. Depreciation and amortization charge was 242 million euros in H1 2023 compared to 269 million euros in H1 2022  a reduction of 10.0%  or 27 million euros. It reflects the consolidation of our real estate footprint as well as an increase in the share of SaaS platforms used by the Groupe and directly expensed.As a result  the operating margin amounted to 1 093 million euros  up by +7.4% compared to H1 2022. This represents an operating margin rate of 17.3% in H1 2023  in line with H1 2022.Operating margin rates by geographies were 18.6% in North America  16.3% in Europe  17.3% in Asia-Pacific  10.1% in Middle East/Africa and 2.8% in Latin America.Amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions totaled 142 million euros in H1 2023  up by 5 million euros versus H1 2022. Impairment losses on real estate consolidation charge amounted to 112 million euros compared to 44 millions in H1 2022 in a context of real estate footprint optimization.In addition  non-current expense was an income of 4 million euros compared to a cost of 76 million euros in H1 2022 which included a loss related to the Groupe’s exit from Russia.Operating income totaled 843 million euros in H1 2023  after 761 million euros in H1 2022.The financial result  comprising the cost of net financial debt and other financial charges and income  is a charge of 14 million euros in H1 2023 compared to a charge of 40 million euros last year.The cost of net financial debt was an income of 42 million euros in H1 2023  compared to a cost of 27 million euros in H1 2022. It included 59 million euros of financial expenses (56 million euros in H1 2022) and financial income of 101 million euros  improving from 29 million euros last year largely thanks to higher remuneration on cash balances.Other financial income and expenses were a charge of 56 million euros in H1 2023  notably composed by 39 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 8 million euros cost from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual Funds. In H1 2022  other financial income and expenses were a charge of 13 million euros  notably composed by 45 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 34 million in income from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual FundsThe revaluation of earn-out payments amounted to an income of 1 million euros in H1 2023  compared to a charge of 4 million euros in H1 2022.The incometax charge was 205 million euros in H1 2023  corresponding to a forecasted effective tax rate of 24.8% in 2023  compared to 189 million euros in H1 2022 corresponding to an effective tax rate of 23.4%.The share of profit of associates is a 3 million euros income in H1 2023 (5 million euros income in H1 2022).Minority interests were a gain of 5 million euros in H1 2023 compared to a loss of 4 million euros in Groupe results in H1 2022.Overall  net income attributable to the Groupe was 623 million euros in H1 2023  compared to 537 million euros in H1 2022.Finally the Earning Per Share was 2.48 euros in H1 2023  compared to 2.15 euros in H1 2022  up by +15.3%.Free Cash FlowEUR million H1 2023 H1 2022 EBITDA 1 335 1 287 Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests (207) (215) Investments in fixed assets (net) (75) (82) Financial interest paid (net) 17 (63) Tax paid (386) (251) Other 41 32 Free cash-flow before changes in WCR 725 708 TCJA transitional cash tax related to 2022 paid in January 2023 110 - Free cash-flow before changes in WCR 835 708The Groupe’s free cash flow  before change in working capital requirements  is up by 17 million euros compared to H1 2022  to 725 million euros. Excluding the TCJA transitional cash tax related to 2022 and paid in January 2023  Free cash flow is up by 127 million euros to 835 million euros.Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests amounted to 207 million euros in H1 2023 (215 million euros in H1 2022). Net investments in fixed assets were 75 million euros (82 million euros in H1 2022).Financial interest were an income of 17 million euros  compared to a cost of 63 million euros in H1 2022  reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances.Tax paid amounted to 386 million euros  up by 135 million euros compared to H1 2022 including 110 million euros due to the TCJA tax payment realized in January 2023 and related to 2022.Net debtNet financial debt amounted to 226 million euros as of June 30  2023 compared to 634 million euros net cash position as of December 31  2022 reflecting the seasonality of the activity. The Groupe's last twelve months average net debt as of June 30  2023 amounted to 498 million euros compared to 1 024 million euros as of June 30  2022.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn January 4  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Yieldify  a London-based marketing technology company. Founded in 2013  Yieldify’s leading platform and service enable companies to better personalize consumers’ website experiences  driving incremental revenue and other desired outcomes by delivering the right message at the right time based on a consumer's profile and stage in their purchase journey. Yieldify will become part of Epsilon  and its onsite personalization  conversion optimization and customer journey offerings will complement Epsilon PeopleCloud to better address the mid-market.On January 10  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Advertise BG  one of the leading performance marketing agencies in Bulgaria. The strategic acquisition will further reinforce Publicis Groupe Bulgaria’s competencies in digital transformation  adding firepower to its existing offering across digital strategy  data  social media  and digital content creation.On March 30  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Practia  based in Buenos Aires  a leading Latin America independent technology company and provider of digital business transformation services. With its 1 200 experienced professionals  this acquisition will position Publicis Sapient to enter the Latin America market while establishing a foundation for a nearshore delivery platform that will enable the company to better service clients based in North America.On May 23  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of full stake in Publicis Sapient AI Labs  an innovative artificial intelligence research and development joint venture launched in 2020 in partnership between Publicis Sapient  Elder Research and Tquila. The acquisition will further strengthen Publicis Sapient’s data & AI capabilities and enable the company to develop innovative solutions across industries for a wide range of applications  such as generative AI  natural language processing (NLP)  computer vision and autonomous systems.On June 5  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Corra  based in New York  an ecommerce leader recognized by Adobe as one of the top commerce firms in North America. Corra will augment Publicis Sapient’s existing expertise in commerce solutions  including Adobe Commerce  while extending Publicis Sapient’s offerings in digital and omnichannel commerce. By acquiring Corra  Publicis Sapient will further establish itself as a global leader across the entire Adobe Product Suite  in addition to further cementing its already leading capabilities.On June 15  2023  Publicis and Carrefour announced the launch of their joint-venture Unlimitail  to address the booming retail media market in Continental Europe  Brazil and Argentina. The launch of the company comes six months after the initiative was announced and has been unveiled during VivaTech.Unlimitail will partner with retailers and brands  bringing the scale  connectivity and consistency for retail media to reach its full potential in those geographies. It is built on the most advanced technologies  “CitrusAd powered by Epsilon”  and the deepest retail expertise from Carrefour. Unlimitail has already converted its first 13 retail partners  representing together more than 120 million loyalty customers.CSRDuring the first half of 2023  Publicis Groupe continued its actions and innovated in its various priorities.1 - Diversity  Equity and Inclusion: the 4th edition of ""Pause for Action"" in the United States on 27 June 2023 brought together committed employees to take stock and work together on inclusion  diversity and social justice. The data published on the diversity of our teams in the United States shows continued progress on several indicators  illustrating how far we have come in three years. The Chairman of the Management Board  Arthur Sadoun  emphasised the importance of all these actions  which are assessed over the longer term  and welcomed the financial commitments made with 45 million euros dedicated to diversity and social justice  as announced in 2020. This target has been reached thanks in particular to the ""Once And For All Coalition"" initiative which funds content creators in favour of the widest possible diversity.In March 2023  a special edition of the Women's Forum was held in Washington  bringing together 250 experts to discuss education as one of the keys to equity  with a focus on health  climate and peace. In June 2023  with a view to the third edition of the Women's Forum Singapore (scheduled for March 2024)  a one-day ""Meet-Up"" kicked off work on education as a lever for change  with 80 experts from the region and many talented young people brought together.The ""Working with Cancer"" pledge launched by Arthur Sadoun in January 2023 has now been taken up by close to 700 companies worldwide  representing more than 20 million employees. The common objective is to break the taboo of cancer6 in the workplace  provide better protection for affected employees and offer them (and their carers) better support. The Publicis Groupe campaign won the Grand Prix for Good at Cannes Lions in June 2023.Marcel  the Groupe's internal platform remains a central place for employees  hosting quarterly plenary sessions led by country managers and their leaders. It is also the platform used in the countries for exchange  work and dialogue with stakeholders on many topical issues. From February 2023  employees have had access to a series of modules and live sessions  sharing the latest advances in artificial intelligence and giving them access to a number of tools to train and collaborate  in order to best support their customers.2 - Responsible marketing and business ethics: the carbon emissions calculation tool A.L.I.C.E (Advertising Limiting Impacts & Carbon Emissions) is used for 220 clients/brands. A.L.I.C.E enables all the Group's activities (creation  production  media  technology  events  etc.) to measure their impact (100 countries) using the GHG Protocol method and with the support of Bureau Veritas for the calculation methodology and the updating of emission factors. Publicis Groupe remains very involved in the work carried out by the industry at international level  in particular Ad Net Zero on the search for a methodological consensus on measuring impacts with all stakeholders.3 - Fighting climate change: as part of the action plan designed to achieve the carbon emission reduction targets for 2030 (-50%) & 2040 (-90%)  validated by SBTi (Science Based Targets Initiative) and aligned with the 1.5° scenario  the Groupe has continued its internal work  in particular:- The introduction of an internal shadow price for carbon to mobilise all the Group's agencies in reduction actions and to better quantify the direct impacts linked to the various activities - The introduction of a new voluntary carbon credit plan (VCCs Plan 2 - 2024/2028) to follow on from the first VCC Plan 1 (2020/2023).Finally  in June 2023  the success of VivaTech was confirmed with more than 150 000 visitors in Paris for this 7th edition - becoming the world's leading event for the Tech sector  with sessions over three days bringing together more than 11 000 start-ups  around prestigious guests with a peak of 1 billion impressions on social networks. The VivaTech News channel reached over 5 million people live over the three days.The CSR actions of the Groupe and its agencies are publicly accessible in the CSR section of the Groupe website  and the data is summarised in the CSR Smart data section.2023 OUTLOOKWith a better than expected first half 2023  and driven by the strength of its unique model  the Groupe upgrades its guidance on all KPIs for the full year 2023 despite persistent macroeconomic uncertainties.Organic growth is now expected at circa +5%  versus the top half of the +3% to +5% previous guidance.versus the top half of the +3% to +5% previous guidance. Operating margin rate close to 18% versus between 17.5% and 18% previously.versus between 17.5% and 18% previously. Free cash flow before working capital requirement of at least 1.6 billion euros7  versus circa 1.6 billion euros previously.NEW BUSINESSEUROPESanten France (Health)  Glaxo Smith Kline (Health)  Comité Colbert (Creative)  Speedy (Data)  Carlsberg (Creative)  Abeille Assurances (Creative)  Visa (Technology)  DomusVi (Technology)  DocuSign (Creative)  The Football Association Premier League (Creative)  Allwyn (Creative)  Pivovara Daruvar (Creative)  heroal (Creative)  Deutsche Telekom (Creative)  DATEV (Influence)  Samsung (DTC)  PepsiCo (Media)  L’Oréal (Media)  Tesco (Creative)  Asda (Technology)  Renault (Influence)  FoodWell (Media)  Notino (Media)  Casavo (Creative)  La Poste (Media)  Dream Games (Media)  Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (Media)  Meggle (Media)  Île-de-France Mobilités (Creative)  TotalEnergies (Creative)  Bioderma (Creative)  Pernod Ricard (Influence)  Ovo Energy (Creative)  Le manège à bijoux (Creative)  Inserm (Media)  SNCF (Digital)  John Lewis (Creative)  Alfa Romeo (Air France KLM (Influence)  Ikea (Creative & media)  Gruppo Iren (Creative)  Bulgari (Creative)  Gruppo Campari (Influence)  Western Union (Media)  Beko (Influence)  Société Générale (DBT)  IVECO (Media)  Sony Music (Digital)NORTH AMERICAKrafton (Influence)  Intuit (Creative)  Shelter Movers (Influence)  Universite de Sherbrooke (Creative)  Steak 'n Shake (Creative)  Loblaws (Cretaive)  Mattress Firm (Creative)  Jasco Games (Creative)  Wondery (CRM)  McDonalds (CRM)  Milton Hershey School (Influence)  University of Oklahoma (Production)  Progress Residential (Production)  Wyndham Hotels & Resorts (Production)  Robert Walters (Production)  HP (Commerce)  Sun Life of Canada (Commerce)  Rite Aid (Media)  The PUR Company (Media)  MTY Food Group (Influence)  General Mills (Commerce)  Dunkin’ (Creative)  Walgreens (Media)  KB Home (Creative)  Burger King (Creative)  Sanofi (Influence)  Virgin Mobile (Creative)  Toronto Parking Authority (Creative)  HealthPartners Canada (Influence)  Groupe Atallah (Media)  Kicking Horse Coffee (Creative & Influence)  General Motors Company (Production)  Tillamook County Creamery Association (Creative)  Signet Jewelers (Media)  Blue Diamond Growers (Media)  Turo (Creative)  UPS (Creative)  LVMH (Media)  Shark Beauty (Creative)  New Age Products (Media)  Samsung (Commerce)  TGI Fridays (Media)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAMiele (CRM)  United Homeware Company (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Creative)  Anker (Media)  Royal Automobile Club (Media)  Charles & Keith (Commerce)  Nick Did This (Media)  Nine Network (Creative)  Essity (Media)  OSHO (DBT)  La Trobe University (DBT)  LVMH (Production)  Cathay Pacific Airways (Commerce)  Pepsico (Production)  Duolingo (Creative)  Aeries Financial Technologies (Media)  Central Provident Fund Board (Production)  AIA Company (Media)  Haleon (Production)  LOréal (Media & Production)  The Standard Bank of South Africa (Creative)  Sanofi (Creative)  Nestlé (Production)  Diageo (Commerce)  Mondelez (Production)  Pizza Hut (Creative)  Cancer Council Victoria (Media)  Emirates NBD (Creative)  Grupo Bimbo (Creative)  Microsoft (Influence)  JioMart (Creative)  AkBank (Media)  Novartis (Creative & Production)  United Breweries (Production)  Charlotte Tilbury Beauty (Creative)  Genesis Motor (Creative)  Torrent Pharmaceuticals (Creative)  More Retail (Media)  GlaxoSmithKline (Creative)  Crocs (Creative)  Shanghai Neobio (Creative)  FWD Group (Media)  Bank of China (Media)  Yili (Creative)  Singhealth (Digital)  P&G (Digital)  Oritain (Creative & Media)  Neom Company (Creative)  Renault (Media)  Bosideng (Production)  HSBC (Creative)  BASF (Creative)  Union Bank of the Philippines (Creative)  Roborock (Production)  Indeed (Influence)  Samsonite (Media)  New Balance (Production)  Keypath Education (Media)  Jio-bp (Digital)  Enamor (Digital)  UniScholars (Creative)LATAMLOréal (Media)  Bayer (Media)  Samsung (Media)  Nestlé (Creative)  PicPay (Creative)  Pizza Hut (Commerce)  Polla Chilena (Media)GLOBALAdobe (Media)  Mondelez (Production)  King (Creative)  Ninjacart (Creative)  Alvarium Tiedemann (Creative)  Amplifon (Creative)  Pfizer (Creative  Media  Data  Production)* **DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com).About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 98 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeLizzie Dewhurst Corporate Communications +44 794 991 81 94 lizzie.dewhurst@publicis.com Michelle McGowan Corporate Communications +1 312 315 5259 michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.com Alessandra Girolami Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 77 88 alessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Lionel Benchimol Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 70 27 lionel.benchimol@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Q2 H1 Impact of currencyat end June 2023(million euro) 2022 net revenue 2 800 3 073 5 873 GBP (2) (20) Currency impact (2) 61 (73) (12) USD (2) 43 2022 net revenue at 2023 exchange rates (a) 2 861 3 000 5 861 Others (35) 2023 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 065 3 213 6 278 Total (12) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 26 40 2023 net revenue 3 079 3 239 6 318 Organic growth (b/a) +7.1% +7.1% +7.1%(1) Acquisitions (Profitero  Practia  Tremend  Tquila  Wiredcraft  Yieldify  Retargetly  Corra  Bizon  VivNetworks  Cheat  Changi  ARBH  Perlu  Advertise Bulgaria)  net of disposals (Russia  Qorvis  Makers Lab)(2) EUR = USD 1.081 on average in H1 2023 vs. USD 1.094 on average in H1 2022EUR = GBP 0.877 on average in H1 2023 vs. GBP 0.842 on average in H1 2022DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization): Operating margin before depreciation & amortization.Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs  other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions).Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of net revenue.Headline Group Net Income: Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges / real estate transformation expenses  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets and the revaluation of earn-out costs.EPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares  not diluted.EPS  diluted (Earnings per share  diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares  diluted.Headline EPS  diluted (Headline Earnings per share  diluted): Headline group net income  divided by average number of shares  diluted.Capex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets  excluding financial investments and other financial assets.Free Cash Flow before changes in working capital requirements: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interests and before changes in WCR linked to operating activitiesFree Cash Flow: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interestsNet Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liabilities since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.Dividend pay-out: Dividend per share / Headline diluted EPS.Organic Growth vs. 2019: calculated as([1 + organic growth (n-3)] * [1 + organic growth (n-2)] * [1 + organic growth (n-1)] * [1 + organic growth (n)])-1Consolidated income statement(in millions of euros) 30June 30  2023(6 months)(6 months) 30June 30  2022(6 months)(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) Net revenue 8 6.318 5 873 12 572 Pass-through revenue 787 674 1 624 Revenue 7 105 6 547 14 196Personnel costsOther operating costs(4 200)(1 570) (3 888)(1 372) (8 211)(3 184) Operating margin before depreciation & amortization 1 335 1 287 2 801Depreciation and amortization(excluding intangibles from acquisitions)(242) (269) (535) Operating margin 1 093 1 018 2 266Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions(142)(137)(287) Impairment loss (112) (44) (109) Other non-current income and expenses 4 (76) (103) 1 434 Operating income 843 761 1 767Financial expenseFinancial incomeCost of net financial debtOther financial income and expensesRevaluation of earn-out payments(59)10142(56)1 (56)29(27)(13)(4) (118)101(17)(100)(2) Pre-tax income of consolidated companies 830 717 1 648Income taxes(205) (189) (431) Net income of consolidated companies 625 528 1 217Share of profit of associates3 5 5 Net income 628 533 1 222 Of which:- Net income attributable to non-controllinginterests5 (4) - Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent company 623 537 1 222Per share data (in euros) - Net income attributableto equity holders of the parent companyNumber of shares250 829 338250 274 576 250 972 110 Earnings per share 2.48 2.15 4.87 Number of diluted shares 253 618 058 252 508 128 253 605 167 Diluted earnings per share 2.46 2.13 4.82Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in millions of euros) June 30  2023(6 months) June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) Net income for the period (a) 628 533 1 222Comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement- Actuarial gains (and losses) on defined benefit plans (6) 91 42 - Deferred taxes on comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement 2 (22) (10)Comprehensive income that may be reclassified to income statement- Remeasurement of hedging instruments 13 8 (21) - Consolidation translation adjustments (217) 676 311 Total other comprehensive income (b) (208) 753 322 Total comprehensive income for the period (a) + (b) 420 1 286 1 544 Of which: - Comprehensive income for the period attributable to non-controlling interests(2) (1) - - Comprehensive income for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent company422 1 287 1 544Consolidated balance sheet(in millions of euros) June 30  2023 December 31  2022 Assets Goodwill  net 12 636 12 546 Intangible assets  net 1 094 1 247 Right-of-use assets related to leases 1 672 1 753 Property  plant and equipment  net 582 610 Deferred tax assets 199 186 Investments in associates 55 55 Other financial assets 351 394 Non-current assets 16 589 16 791 Inventories and work-in-progress 319 327 Trade receivables 10 729 12 089 Contract assets 1 451 1 149 Other receivables and current assets 930 926 Cash and cash equivalents 3 682 4 616 Current assets 17 111 19 107 Total assets 33 700 35 898Equity and liabilities Share capital 102 102 Additional paid-in capital and retained earnings  Groupe share 9 086 9 533 Equity attributable to holders of the parent company – Groupe share 9 188 9 635 Non-controlling interests (44) (35) Total equity 9 144 9 600 Long-term borrowings 3 085 2 989 Long-term lease liabilities 2 124 2 197 Deferred tax liabilities 203 219 Long-term provisions 553 504 Non-current liabilities 5 965 5 909 Trade payables 13 861 15 660 Contract liabilities 444 549 Short-term borrowings 625 627 Short-term lease liabilities 353 360 Income taxes payable 328 486 Short-term provisions 278 291 Other creditors and current liabilities 2 702 2 416 Current liabilities 18 591 20 389 Total equity and liabilities 33 700 35 898Consolidated statement of cash flows(in millions of euros) June 30  2023(6 months) June 30  2022(6 months) December 31 2022(12 months)Cash flow from operating activities Net income 628 533 1 222 Neutralization of non-cash income and expenses: Income taxes 205 189 431 Cost of net financial debt (42) 27 17 Capital losses (gains) on disposal of assets (before tax) (2) 76 103 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 496 450 931 Share-based compensation 41 30 64 Other non-cash income and expenses 51 16 86 Share of profit of associates (3) (5) (5) Dividends received from associates 2 3 3 Taxes paid (386) (251) (430) Change in working capital requirements (1 053) (858) (5) Net cash flows generated by (used in) operating activities (I) (63) 210 2 417 Cash flow from investing activities Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (75) (84) (198) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets - 2 4 Purchases of investments and other financial assets  net (10) 18 11 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (158) (400) (523) Disposals of subsidiaries - (43) (43) Net cash flows generated by (used in) investing activities (II) (243) (507) (749) Cash flow from financing activities Dividends paid to holders of the parent company - - (603) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (7) (3) (4) Proceeds from new borrowings 4 5 - Repayment of borrowings - (10) (10) Repayment of lease liabilities (168) (170) (317) Interest paid on lease liabilities (39) (45) (87) Interest paid (86) (84) (101) Interest received 103 21 84 Buy-outs of non-controlling interests (2) - (3) Net (buybacks)/sales of treasury shares and warrants (193) 7 41 Net cash flows generated by (used in) financing activities (III) (388) (279) (1 000)Impact of exchange rate fluctuations (IV)(239) 258 300Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (I + II + III + IV) (933) (318) 968 Cash and cash equivalents on January 1 4 616 3 659 3 659 Bank overdrafts on January 1 (1) (12) (12) Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year (V) 4 615 3 647 3 647 Cash and cash equivalents at closing date 3 682 3 342 4 616 Bank overdrafts at closing date - (13) (1) Net cash and cash equivalents at closing date (VI) 3 682 3 329 4 615 Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (VI - V) (933) (318) 968Consolidated statement of changes in equityNumber of outstanding shares (in millions of euros) Share capitalAdditional paid-incapital Reservesandearnings brought forward TranslationreserveFairvaluereserve Equity attributableto equityholders ofthe parent company Non-controlling interests Totalequity 251 992 065 December 31  2022 102 4 037 5 324 85 87 9 635 (35) 9 600 Net income 623 623 5 628 Other comprehensive income  net of tax (210) 9 (201) (7) (208) Total income and expenses for the period 0 0 623 (210) 9 422 (2) 420 - Dividends (701) (25) (726) (7) (733) - Share-based compensation  net of tax 50 50 50 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests 1 1 1 - Equity warrant exercise 0 0 0 (1 490 149) (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares (194) (194) (194) 250 501 916 June 30  2023 102 3 336 5 779 (125) 96 9 188 (44) 9 144Number of outstanding shares (in millions of euros) Share capitalAdditional paid-incapital Reservesandearnings brought forward TranslationreserveFairvaluereserve Equity attributableto equityholders ofthe parent company Non-controlling interests Totalequity 249 600 509 December 31  2021 101 4 581 4 056 (226) 76 8 588 (33) 8 555 Net income 537 537 (4) 533 Other comprehensive income  net of tax 673 77 750 3 753 Total income and expenses for the period - - 537 673 77 1 287 (1) 1 286 - Dividends (599) (599) (3) (602) 246 225 Share-based compensation  net of tax 29 29 29 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests 2 2 3 5 161 412 Equity warrant exercise 1 3 4 4 1 116 166 (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares 3 3 3 251 124 312 June 30  2022 102 4 584 4 028 447 153 9 314 (34) 9 280Earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) June 30  2023 June 30  2022Net income used for the calculation of earnings per share Net income share attributable to equity holders of the parent company A 623 537 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Net income – Groupe share – diluted B 623 537Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the period - 133 430 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the period) (3 482 522) (3 321 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 829 338 250 274 576 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Free shares and dilutive stock options 2 788 720 2 124 694 - Equity warrants (BSA) - 108 858 Number of diluted shares D 253 618 058 252 508 128 (in euros) Earnings per share A/C 2.48 2.15 Diluted earnings per share B/D 2.46 2.13Headline earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) June 30  2023 June 30  2022Net income used to calculate headline earnings per share(1) Net income – Groupe share 623 537 Items excluded: Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  net of tax 105 103 Impairment loss  net of tax 83 33 Revaluation of earn-out payments (1) 4 Main capital gains and losses on disposal of assets and fair value adjustment of financial assets  net of tax(2) 3 50 Headline Groupe net income E 813 727 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Headline Groupe net income  diluted F 813 727 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the period - 133 430 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the period) (3 482 522) (3 321 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 829 338 250 274 576 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Free shares and dilutive stock options 2 788 720 2 124 694 - Equity warrants (BSA) - 108 858 Number of diluted shares D 253 618 058 252 508 128(in euros) Headline earnings per share(1) E/C 3.24 2.90 Headline earnings per share – diluted(1) F/D 3.21 2.88(1) EPS after elimination of impairment losses  amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  the main capital gains and losses on disposal and fair value adjustment of financial assets and revaluation of earn-out payments.(2) As of June 30  2023  the main capital gains and losses on disposal amount to euro 4 million and the fair value adjustment of financial assets amounts to euro (7) million. At June 30  2022  the main capital gains and losses on disposal amount to euro (79) million and the fair value adjustment of financial assets amounts to euro 29 million.1 Before change in working capital requirements.2 Reported H1 2023 FCF of €725m includes a €110m cash tax payment made in January 2023 relating to 2022. This payment reflects the impact of the new application of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) on the capitalization of R&D expenses  confirmed late December 2022. Excluding this payment  H1 2023 FCF is at €835m  up 17.9% compared to H1 2022.3 Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets  the revaluation of earn-out costs  divided by the average number of shares on a diluted basis4 Excluding Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore5 Excluding Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore6 Cancer or serious deseases7 Based on 1.10 EUR/USD exchange rate8 Net revenue: Revenue less pass-through costs. Those costs are mainly production & media costs and out-of-pocket expenses. As these items that can be passed on to clients are not included in the scope of analysis of transactions  the net revenue indicator is the most appropriate for measuring the Groupe’s operational performance.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.14,0.42,True,English,"['First Half 2023 Results', 'Publicis Groupe', 'FY’22 R&D tax payment', 'slower decision making process', 'new business track record', 'North America net revenue', 'New Business tailwind', 'persistent macro uncertainties', 'persistent macroeconomic uncertainty', 'Maurice Lévy', 'working capital requirements', 'Headline Groupe net income', 'Free Cash Flow', '2023 first semester accounts', 'Euro exchange rate', 'Cash flow Statement', 'Operating margin rate', 'best financial KPIs', 'Outdoor Media activities', 'unique revenue mix', 'notable double-digit growth', 'EUR Net revenue', 'Q2 organic growth', 'Income Statement', 'Operating income', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'business model', 'business cycles', 'Latin America', 'first half', 'Exchange rates', 'Net debt', '+7.1% organic growth', '2022 Growth Growth', 'sustained performance', 'U.S.', 'high level', '2022-related TCJA', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'platform organization', 'transformation partner', 'stronger company', '3Y CAGR', 'continued trust', 'last months', 'Supervisory Board', 'Management Board', 'Balance Sheet', 'Total assets', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'negative impact', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'US dollar', 'high comparables', 'DBT projects', 'U.K.', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Groupe share', '3,239 million euros', '3,073 million euros', 'Digital Media', 'Publicis Sapient', 'organic basis', 'H1 2023 Results', 'share data', '2022 Revenue', 'Upgrade', 'July', 'regions', 'Europe', 'China', 'EPS', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'year', 'market', 'expectations', 'industry', 'communication', 'clients', 'period', 'investments', 'Creative', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Marcel', 'future', 'heart', 'way', 'talent', 'dedication', 'FIGURES', 'percentages', 'Pass', 'EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'increase', 'Breakdown', 'Africa', 'solid +5.', 'context', 'Canada', 'contribution', 'Drugstore', 'France', 'Germany']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,marketscreener.com
28070,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/20/2707878/0/en/Publicis-Groupe-First-Half-2023-Results.html,Publicis Groupe : First Half 2023 Results,Outperforming in Q2 with +7.1% organic growth          -          Upgrade of FY 2023 guidance on all KPIs                                  July 20 ......,"English FrenchOutperforming in Q2 with +7.1% organic growth-Upgrade of FY 2023 guidance on all KPIsJuly 20  2023Q2 organic growth at +7.1% thanks to revenue mix and New Business tailwindContinued sustained performance across regions: U.S. +5%  Europe +15%  China +7%Operating margin rate maintained at historically high level of 17.3% in H1Headline diluted EPS up +11% at €3.21  Free Cash Flow slightly up at €725m despite FY’22 R&D tax paymentUpgrade of 2023 guidance despite persistent macro uncertainties: organic growth now expected at circa +5%  operating margin rate close to 18%  Free Cash Flow at least €1.6bnQ2 2023Net revenue €3 239m Reported growth +5.4% Organic growth +7.1%H1 2023 Results(EUR million) H1 2023 2023 vs 2022 Revenue 7 105 +8.5% Net revenue 6 318 +7.6% Organic growth +7.1% Operating margin 1 093 +7.4% Operating margin rate 17.3% Headline Groupe net income 813 +11.8% Headline diluted EPS (euro) 3.21 +11.3% Free Cash Flow1 725 +2.4% Free Cash Flow1 2excluding 2022-related TCJA 835 +17.9%Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“The first half of the year has been strong for Publicis.In Q2  we continue to outperform the market on organic growth thanks to our unique revenue mix and new business track record with +7.1%  ahead of expectations after double-digit growth in 2022.We delivered the best financial KPIs in the industry in H1 thanks to our platform organization  with operating margin at 17.3%  in line with the historically high level of 2022.As we shifted from a communication to a transformation partner for our clients  we are confirming that we have become a stronger company since 2019 with our net revenue up +45% on a reported basis and our operating margin up +68% over this period.With our investments in Epsilon  powering Creative and Media through personalization at scale  Sapient and Marcel  we are uniquely positioned to lead the future of our industry. It will inevitably be shaped by data  tech and AI that are already at the heart of our business model both in how we work for our clients and in the way we operate.But Publicis is not only future-proof. It is also more resilient to business cycles  allowing us to upgrade our guidance on all KPIs for the year despite persistent macroeconomic uncertainty. We now expect to deliver organic growth at circa +5% for 2023  above our 3Y CAGR of +4%  with operating margin rate close to 18%.I would like to sincerely thank our clients for their continued trust and all our talent for their dedication throughout the last months.”* **Publicis Groupe’s Supervisory Board met on July 19th  2023  under the chairmanship of Maurice Lévy  to examine the 2023 first semester accounts presented by Arthur Sadoun  CEO and Chairman of the Management Board.KEY FIGURESEUR million  except per-share data and percentages H1 2023 H1 2022 2023vs 2022 Data from the Income Statement and Cash flow Statement Net revenue 6 318 5 873 +7.6% Pass-through revenue 787 674 +16.8% Revenue 7 105 6 547 +8.5% EBITDA 1 335 1 287 +3.7% % of Net revenue 21.1% 21.9% -80bps Operating margin 1 093 1 018 +7.4% % of Net revenue 17.3% 17.3% - Operating income 843 761 +10.8% Net income attributable to the Groupe 623 537 +16.0% Earnings Per Share (EPS) 2.48 2.15 +15.3% Headline diluted EPS3 3.21 2.88 +11.3% Free Cash Flow before change in working capital requirements 725 708 +2.4% Data from the Balance Sheet June 30  2023 Dec 31  2022Total assets 33 700 35 898 Groupe share of Shareholders’ equity 9 188 9 635 Net debt (net cash) 226 (634)NET REVENUE IN Q2 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q2 2023 was 3 239 million euros  up +5.4% from 3 073 million euros in 2022. Exchange rates had a negative impact of 73 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 26 million euros. Organic growth reached +7.1%.Breakdown of Q2 2023 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q2 2023 Q2 2022 Growth Growth North America 1 955 1 912 +2.2% +4.9% Europe 809 709 +14.1% +15.2% Asia Pacific 300 289 +3.8% +2.6% Middle East & Africa 91 90 +1.1% +6.5% Latin America 84 73 +15.1% +5.9% Total 3 239 3 073 +5.4% +7.1%North America net revenue was up +2.2% on a reported basis in Q2 2023  including a negative impact of the US dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth in the region was +4.9%  of which +5.0% in the U.S.. Publicis Sapient grew at a very solid +5.1% organically despite high comparables of 17%  in a context of slower decision making process for DBT projects. Epsilon grew +6.9% organically  notably driven by outperforming Digital Media. Canada was up +2.2% organically.Net revenue in Europe was up by +14.1% on a reported basis. It was up by +15.2% on an organic basis  or +11.6% excluding the contribution of our Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore. Organic growth in the U.K. was +17.0%  with a notable double-digit growth in Media and at Publicis Sapient. Organic growth in France was +5.0%4 with double-digit growth in Media and at Publicis Sapient. Germany was up +9.5% organically with double-digit growth in Media and very solid Publicis Sapient. Central & Eastern Europe grew +17.1% organically thanks to double-digit growth in Poland  Hungary and Czech Republic and the resumption of activity in Ukraine.Net revenue in Asia Pacific was +3.8% on a reported basis  and +2.6% organically. China accelerated to +7.0% organic growth after +3.7% in Q1. Thailand sequentially improved while remaining in negative territory due to the phasing of a large project  while Singapore  Vietnam and Japan posted double digit growth. Australia and New Zealand were stable.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +1.1% on a reported basis  and +6.5% organically on top of a high comparable basis of +15.3% in Q2 2022.Net revenue in Latin America was up +5.9% organically driven by strong Media like in Q1. The region posted +15.1% on a reported basis notably benefitting from the acquisition of Practia.NET REVENUE IN H1 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue for the first half 2023 was 6 318 million euros  up by +7.6% compared to 5 873 million euros in H1 2022. Exchange rate variations over the period had a low negative impact of 12 million euros. Acquisitions (net of disposals) have a positive impact of 40 million euros on net revenue. Organic growth was +7.1% in H1 2023.Breakdown of H1 2023 net revenue by sectorOn the basis of 3 298 clients representing 91% of Groupe net revenueBreakdown of H1 2023 net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million H1 2023 H1 2022 growth growth North America 3 893 3 660 +6.4% +5.3% Europe 1 552 1 371 +13.2% +13.8% Asia Pacific 550 550 0.0% +1.7% Middle East & Africa 179 165 +8.5% +11.2% Latin America 144 127 +13.4% +6.7% Total 6 318 5 873 +7.6% +7.1%Net revenue in North America was up by +5.3% on an organic basis in the first half (+6.4% on a reported basis). The U.S. performed strongly at +5.4% organically reflecting the strength of our model.Europe posted +13.8% organic growth in H1 (+13.2% on a reported basis). Excluding the impact of the Groupe’s Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore in France  the organic growth in Europe is +12.1%. The U.K. was at +20.3% organic  France at +4.0%5  Germany at +9.9% and Central & Eastern Europe at +14.0%.Asia Pacific net revenue was up by +1.7% on an organic basis (flat on a reported basis). China reported an organic growth of +5.6%  and Australia & New Zealand were up by +2.4% on an organic basis.Net revenue in the Middle East and Africa region was up by +11.2% on an organic basis (+8.5% reported) and up by +6.7% in Latin America (+13.4% reported).ANALYSIS OF H1 2023 KEY FIGURESIncome StatementEBITDA amounted to 1 335 million euros in H1 2023  compared to 1 287 million euros in H1 2022  up by +3.7%. This represents 21.1% of net revenue.Personnel costs totaled 4 200 million euros in H1 2023 from 3 888 million euros in H1 2022  an increase of +8.0% close to the growth in net revenue. As a percentage of net revenue  personnel expenses were 66.5% in H1 2023  versus 66.2% in H1 2022. Fixed personnel costs were 3 725 million euros and represented 59.0% of net revenue versus 57.5% in H1 2022. As expected the cost of freelancers decreased by 68 million euros in H1 2023 or 140 basis points  representing 165 million euros. Restructuring costs were 45 million euros  up versus 30 million euros in H1 2022.Non personel costs amounted to 1 025 million euros in H1 2023  compared to 967 million euros in H1 2022. This represented 16.2% of net revenue in H1 2023 versus 16.5% of net revenue in H1 2022. They comprised:Other operating expenses (excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 783 million euros  compared to 698 million euros in H1 2022. This represents 12.4% of net revenue compared to 11.9% in H1 2022.(excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 783 million euros  compared to 698 million euros in H1 2022. This represents 12.4% of net revenue compared to 11.9% in H1 2022. Depreciation and amortization charge was 242 million euros in H1 2023 compared to 269 million euros in H1 2022  a reduction of 10.0%  or 27 million euros. It reflects the consolidation of our real estate footprint as well as an increase in the share of SaaS platforms used by the Groupe and directly expensed.As a result  the operating margin amounted to 1 093 million euros  up by +7.4% compared to H1 2022. This represents an operating margin rate of 17.3% in H1 2023  in line with H1 2022.Operating margin rates by geographies were 18.6% in North America  16.3% in Europe  17.3% in Asia-Pacific  10.1% in Middle East/Africa and 2.8% in Latin America.Amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions totaled 142 million euros in H1 2023  up by 5 million euros versus H1 2022. Impairment losses on real estate consolidation charge amounted to 112 million euros compared to 44 millions in H1 2022 in a context of real estate footprint optimization.In addition  non-current expense was an income of 4 million euros compared to a cost of 76 million euros in H1 2022 which included a loss related to the Groupe’s exit from Russia.Operating income totaled 843 million euros in H1 2023  after 761 million euros in H1 2022.The financial result  comprising the cost of net financial debt and other financial charges and income  is a charge of 14 million euros in H1 2023 compared to a charge of 40 million euros last year.The cost of net financial debt was an income of 42 million euros in H1 2023  compared to a cost of 27 million euros in H1 2022. It included 59 million euros of financial expenses (56 million euros in H1 2022) and financial income of 101 million euros  improving from 29 million euros last year largely thanks to higher remuneration on cash balances.Other financial income and expenses were a charge of 56 million euros in H1 2023  notably composed by 39 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 8 million euros cost from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual Funds. In H1 2022  other financial income and expenses were a charge of 13 million euros  notably composed by 45 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 34 million in income from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual FundsThe revaluation of earn-out payments amounted to an income of 1 million euros in H1 2023  compared to a charge of 4 million euros in H1 2022.The income tax charge was 205 million euros in H1 2023  corresponding to a forecasted effective tax rate of 24.8% in 2023  compared to 189 million euros in H1 2022 corresponding to an effective tax rate of 23.4%.The share of profit of associates is a 3 million euros income in H1 2023 (5 million euros income in H1 2022).Minority interests were a gain of 5 million euros in H1 2023 compared to a loss of 4 million euros in Groupe results in H1 2022.Overall  net income attributable to the Groupe was 623 million euros in H1 2023  compared to 537 million euros in H1 2022.Finally the Earning Per Share was 2.48 euros in H1 2023  compared to 2.15 euros in H1 2022  up by +15.3%.Free Cash FlowEUR million H1 2023 H1 2022 EBITDA 1 335 1 287 Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests (207) (215) Investments in fixed assets (net) (75) (82) Financial interest paid (net) 17 (63) Tax paid (386) (251) Other 41 32 Free cash-flow before changes in WCR 725 708 TCJA transitional cash tax related to 2022 paid in January 2023 110 - Free cash-flow before changes in WCR 835 708The Groupe’s free cash flow  before change in working capital requirements  is up by 17 million euros compared to H1 2022  to 725 million euros. Excluding the TCJA transitional cash tax related to 2022 and paid in January 2023  Free cash flow is up by 127 million euros to 835 million euros.Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests amounted to 207 million euros in H1 2023 (215 million euros in H1 2022). Net investments in fixed assets were 75 million euros (82 million euros in H1 2022).Financial interest were an income of 17 million euros  compared to a cost of 63 million euros in H1 2022  reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances.Tax paid amounted to 386 million euros  up by 135 million euros compared to H1 2022 including 110 million euros due to the TCJA tax payment realized in January 2023 and related to 2022.Net debtNet financial debt amounted to 226 million euros as of June 30  2023 compared to 634 million euros net cash position as of December 31  2022 reflecting the seasonality of the activity. The Groupe's last twelve months average net debt as of June 30  2023 amounted to 498 million euros compared to 1 024 million euros as of June 30  2022.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn January 4  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Yieldify  a London-based marketing technology company. Founded in 2013  Yieldify’s leading platform and service enable companies to better personalize consumers’ website experiences  driving incremental revenue and other desired outcomes by delivering the right message at the right time based on a consumer's profile and stage in their purchase journey. Yieldify will become part of Epsilon  and its onsite personalization  conversion optimization and customer journey offerings will complement Epsilon PeopleCloud to better address the mid-market.On January 10  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Advertise BG  one of the leading performance marketing agencies in Bulgaria. The strategic acquisition will further reinforce Publicis Groupe Bulgaria’s competencies in digital transformation  adding firepower to its existing offering across digital strategy  data  social media  and digital content creation.On March 30  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Practia  based in Buenos Aires  a leading Latin America independent technology company and provider of digital business transformation services. With its 1 200 experienced professionals  this acquisition will position Publicis Sapient to enter the Latin America market while establishing a foundation for a nearshore delivery platform that will enable the company to better service clients based in North America.On May 23  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of full stake in Publicis Sapient AI Labs  an innovative artificial intelligence research and development joint venture launched in 2020 in partnership between Publicis Sapient  Elder Research and Tquila. The acquisition will further strengthen Publicis Sapient’s data & AI capabilities and enable the company to develop innovative solutions across industries for a wide range of applications  such as generative AI  natural language processing (NLP)  computer vision and autonomous systems.On June 5  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Corra  based in New York  an ecommerce leader recognized by Adobe as one of the top commerce firms in North America. Corra will augment Publicis Sapient’s existing expertise in commerce solutions  including Adobe Commerce  while extending Publicis Sapient’s offerings in digital and omnichannel commerce. By acquiring Corra  Publicis Sapient will further establish itself as a global leader across the entire Adobe Product Suite  in addition to further cementing its already leading capabilities.On June 15  2023  Publicis and Carrefour announced the launch of their joint-venture Unlimitail  to address the booming retail media market in Continental Europe  Brazil and Argentina. The launch of the company comes six months after the initiative was announced and has been unveiled during VivaTech.Unlimitail will partner with retailers and brands  bringing the scale  connectivity and consistency for retail media to reach its full potential in those geographies. It is built on the most advanced technologies  “CitrusAd powered by Epsilon”  and the deepest retail expertise from Carrefour. Unlimitail has already converted its first 13 retail partners  representing together more than 120 million loyalty customers.CSRDuring the first half of 2023  Publicis Groupe continued its actions and innovated in its various priorities.1 - Diversity  Equity and Inclusion: the 4th edition of ""Pause for Action"" in the United States on 27 June 2023 brought together committed employees to take stock and work together on inclusion  diversity and social justice. The data published on the diversity of our teams in the United States shows continued progress on several indicators  illustrating how far we have come in three years. The Chairman of the Management Board  Arthur Sadoun  emphasised the importance of all these actions  which are assessed over the longer term  and welcomed the financial commitments made with 45 million euros dedicated to diversity and social justice  as announced in 2020. This target has been reached thanks in particular to the ""Once And For All Coalition"" initiative which funds content creators in favour of the widest possible diversity.In March 2023  a special edition of the Women's Forum was held in Washington  bringing together 250 experts to discuss education as one of the keys to equity  with a focus on health  climate and peace. In June 2023  with a view to the third edition of the Women's Forum Singapore (scheduled for March 2024)  a one-day ""Meet-Up"" kicked off work on education as a lever for change  with 80 experts from the region and many talented young people brought together.The ""Working with Cancer"" pledge launched by Arthur Sadoun in January 2023 has now been taken up by close to 700 companies worldwide  representing more than 20 million employees. The common objective is to break the taboo of cancer6 in the workplace  provide better protection for affected employees and offer them (and their carers) better support. The Publicis Groupe campaign won the Grand Prix for Good at Cannes Lions in June 2023.Marcel  the Groupe's internal platform remains a central place for employees  hosting quarterly plenary sessions led by country managers and their leaders. It is also the platform used in the countries for exchange  work and dialogue with stakeholders on many topical issues. From February 2023  employees have had access to a series of modules and live sessions  sharing the latest advances in artificial intelligence and giving them access to a number of tools to train and collaborate  in order to best support their customers.2 - Responsible marketing and business ethics: the carbon emissions calculation tool A.L.I.C.E (Advertising Limiting Impacts & Carbon Emissions) is used for 220 clients/brands. A.L.I.C.E enables all the Group's activities (creation  production  media  technology  events  etc.) to measure their impact (100 countries) using the GHG Protocol method and with the support of Bureau Veritas for the calculation methodology and the updating of emission factors. Publicis Groupe remains very involved in the work carried out by the industry at international level  in particular Ad Net Zero on the search for a methodological consensus on measuring impacts with all stakeholders.3 - Fighting climate change: as part of the action plan designed to achieve the carbon emission reduction targets for 2030 (-50%) & 2040 (-90%)  validated by SBTi (Science Based Targets Initiative) and aligned with the 1.5° scenario  the Groupe has continued its internal work  in particular:- The introduction of an internal shadow price for carbon to mobilise all the Group's agencies in reduction actions and to better quantify the direct impacts linked to the various activities - The introduction of a new voluntary carbon credit plan (VCCs Plan 2 - 2024/2028) to follow on from the first VCC Plan 1 (2020/2023).Finally  in June 2023  the success of VivaTech was confirmed with more than 150 000 visitors in Paris for this 7th edition - becoming the world's leading event for the Tech sector  with sessions over three days bringing together more than 11 000 start-ups  around prestigious guests with a peak of 1 billion impressions on social networks. The VivaTech News channel reached over 5 million people live over the three days.The CSR actions of the Groupe and its agencies are publicly accessible in the CSR section of the Groupe website  and the data is summarised in the CSR Smart data section.2023 OUTLOOKWith a better than expected first half 2023  and driven by the strength of its unique model  the Groupe upgrades its guidance on all KPIs for the full year 2023 despite persistent macroeconomic uncertainties.Organic growth is now expected at circa +5%  versus the top half of the +3% to +5% previous guidance.versus the top half of the +3% to +5% previous guidance. Operating margin rate close to 18% versus between 17.5% and 18% previously.versus between 17.5% and 18% previously. Free cash flow before working capital requirement of at least 1.6 billion euros7  versus circa 1.6 billion euros previously.NEW BUSINESSEUROPESanten France (Health)  Glaxo Smith Kline (Health)  Comité Colbert (Creative)  Speedy (Data)  Carlsberg (Creative)  Abeille Assurances (Creative)  Visa (Technology)  DomusVi (Technology)  DocuSign (Creative)  The Football Association Premier League (Creative)  Allwyn (Creative)  Pivovara Daruvar (Creative)  heroal (Creative)  Deutsche Telekom (Creative)  DATEV (Influence)  Samsung (DTC)  PepsiCo (Media)  L’Oréal (Media)  Tesco (Creative)  Asda (Technology)  Renault (Influence)  FoodWell (Media)  Notino (Media)  Casavo (Creative)  La Poste (Media)  Dream Games (Media)  Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (Media)  Meggle (Media)  Île-de-France Mobilités (Creative)  TotalEnergies (Creative)  Bioderma (Creative)  Pernod Ricard (Influence)  Ovo Energy (Creative)  Le manège à bijoux (Creative)  Inserm (Media)  SNCF (Digital)  John Lewis (Creative)  Alfa Romeo (Air France KLM (Influence)  Ikea (Creative & media)  Gruppo Iren (Creative)  Bulgari (Creative)  Gruppo Campari (Influence)  Western Union (Media)  Beko (Influence)  Société Générale (DBT)  IVECO (Media)  Sony Music (Digital)NORTH AMERICAKrafton (Influence)  Intuit (Creative)  Shelter Movers (Influence)  Universite de Sherbrooke (Creative)  Steak 'n Shake (Creative)  Loblaws (Cretaive)  Mattress Firm (Creative)  Jasco Games (Creative)  Wondery (CRM)  McDonalds (CRM)  Milton Hershey School (Influence)  University of Oklahoma (Production)  Progress Residential (Production)  Wyndham Hotels & Resorts (Production)  Robert Walters (Production)  HP (Commerce)  Sun Life of Canada (Commerce)  Rite Aid (Media)  The PUR Company (Media)  MTY Food Group (Influence)  General Mills (Commerce)  Dunkin’ (Creative)  Walgreens (Media)  KB Home (Creative)  Burger King (Creative)  Sanofi (Influence)  Virgin Mobile (Creative)  Toronto Parking Authority (Creative)  HealthPartners Canada (Influence)  Groupe Atallah (Media)  Kicking Horse Coffee (Creative & Influence)  General Motors Company (Production)  Tillamook County Creamery Association (Creative)  Signet Jewelers (Media)  Blue Diamond Growers (Media)  Turo (Creative)  UPS (Creative)  LVMH (Media)  Shark Beauty (Creative)  New Age Products (Media)  Samsung (Commerce)  TGI Fridays (Media)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAMiele (CRM)  United Homeware Company (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Creative)  Anker (Media)  Royal Automobile Club (Media)  Charles & Keith (Commerce)  Nick Did This (Media)  Nine Network (Creative)  Essity (Media)  OSHO (DBT)  La Trobe University (DBT)  LVMH (Production)  Cathay Pacific Airways (Commerce)  Pepsico (Production)  Duolingo (Creative)  Aeries Financial Technologies (Media)  Central Provident Fund Board (Production)  AIA Company (Media)  Haleon (Production)  LOréal (Media & Production)  The Standard Bank of South Africa (Creative)  Sanofi (Creative)  Nestlé (Production)  Diageo (Commerce)  Mondelez (Production)  Pizza Hut (Creative)  Cancer Council Victoria (Media)  Emirates NBD (Creative)  Grupo Bimbo (Creative)  Microsoft (Influence)  JioMart (Creative)  AkBank (Media)  Novartis (Creative & Production)  United Breweries (Production)  Charlotte Tilbury Beauty (Creative)  Genesis Motor (Creative)  Torrent Pharmaceuticals (Creative)  More Retail (Media)  GlaxoSmithKline (Creative)  Crocs (Creative)  Shanghai Neobio (Creative)  FWD Group (Media)  Bank of China (Media)  Yili (Creative)  Singhealth (Digital)  P&G (Digital)  Oritain (Creative & Media)  Neom Company (Creative)  Renault (Media)  Bosideng (Production)  HSBC (Creative)  BASF (Creative)  Union Bank of the Philippines (Creative)  Roborock (Production)  Indeed (Influence)  Samsonite (Media)  New Balance (Production)  Keypath Education (Media)  Jio-bp (Digital)  Enamor (Digital)  UniScholars (Creative)LATAMLOréal (Media)  Bayer (Media)  Samsung (Media)  Nestlé (Creative)  PicPay (Creative)  Pizza Hut (Commerce)  Polla Chilena (Media)GLOBALAdobe (Media)  Mondelez (Production)  King (Creative)  Ninjacart (Creative)  Alvarium Tiedemann (Creative)  Amplifon (Creative)  Pfizer (Creative  Media  Data  Production)* **DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com).About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 98 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeLizzie Dewhurst Corporate Communications +44 794 991 81 94 lizzie.dewhurst@publicis.com Michelle McGowan Corporate Communications +1 312 315 5259 michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.com Alessandra Girolami Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 77 88 alessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Lionel Benchimol Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 70 27 lionel.benchimol@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Q2 H1 Impact of currencyat end June 2023(million euro) 2022 net revenue 2 800 3 073 5 873 GBP (2) (20) Currency impact (2) 61 (73) (12) USD (2) 43 2022 net revenue at 2023 exchange rates (a) 2 861 3 000 5 861 Others (35) 2023 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 065 3 213 6 278 Total (12) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 26 40 2023 net revenue 3 079 3 239 6 318 Organic growth (b/a) +7.1% +7.1% +7.1%(1) Acquisitions (Profitero  Practia  Tremend  Tquila  Wiredcraft  Yieldify  Retargetly  Corra  Bizon  VivNetworks  Cheat  Changi  ARBH  Perlu  Advertise Bulgaria)  net of disposals (Russia  Qorvis  Makers Lab)(2) EUR = USD 1.081 on average in H1 2023 vs. USD 1.094 on average in H1 2022EUR = GBP 0.877 on average in H1 2023 vs. GBP 0.842 on average in H1 2022DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization): Operating margin before depreciation & amortization.Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs  other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions).Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of net revenue.Headline Group Net Income: Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges / real estate transformation expenses  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets and the revaluation of earn-out costs.EPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares  not diluted.EPS  diluted (Earnings per share  diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares  diluted.Headline EPS  diluted (Headline Earnings per share  diluted): Headline group net income  divided by average number of shares  diluted.Capex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets  excluding financial investments and other financial assets.Free Cash Flow before changes in working capital requirements: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interests and before changes in WCR linked to operating activitiesFree Cash Flow: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interestsNet Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liabilities since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.Dividend pay-out: Dividend per share / Headline diluted EPS.Organic Growth vs. 2019: calculated as([1 + organic growth (n-3)] * [1 + organic growth (n-2)] * [1 + organic growth (n-1)] * [1 + organic growth (n)])-1Consolidated income statement(in millions of euros) 30June 30  2023(6 months)(6 months) 30June 30  2022(6 months)(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) Net revenue 8 6.318 5 873 12 572 Pass-through revenue 787 674 1 624 Revenue 7 105 6 547 14 196Personnel costsOther operating costs(4 200)(1 570) (3 888)(1 372) (8 211)(3 184) Operating margin before depreciation & amortization 1 335 1 287 2 801Depreciation and amortization(excluding intangibles from acquisitions)(242) (269) (535) Operating margin 1 093 1 018 2 266Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions(142)(137)(287) Impairment loss (112) (44) (109) Other non-current income and expenses 4 (76) (103) 1 434 Operating income 843 761 1 767Financial expenseFinancial incomeCost of net financial debtOther financial income and expensesRevaluation of earn-out payments(59)10142(56)1 (56)29(27)(13)(4) (118)101(17)(100)(2) Pre-tax income of consolidated companies 830 717 1 648Income taxes(205) (189) (431) Net income of consolidated companies 625 528 1 217Share of profit of associates3 5 5 Net income 628 533 1 222 Of which:- Net income attributable to non-controllinginterests5 (4) - Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent company 623 537 1 222Per share data (in euros) - Net income attributableto equity holders of the parent companyNumber of shares250 829 338250 274 576 250 972 110 Earnings per share 2.48 2.15 4.87 Number of diluted shares 253 618 058 252 508 128 253 605 167 Diluted earnings per share 2.46 2.13 4.82Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in millions of euros) June 30  2023(6 months) June 30  2022(6 months) December 31  2022(12 months) Net income for the period (a) 628 533 1 222Comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement- Actuarial gains (and losses) on defined benefit plans (6) 91 42 - Deferred taxes on comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement 2 (22) (10)Comprehensive income that may be reclassified to income statement- Remeasurement of hedging instruments 13 8 (21) - Consolidation translation adjustments (217) 676 311 Total other comprehensive income (b) (208) 753 322 Total comprehensive income for the period (a) + (b) 420 1 286 1 544 Of which: - Comprehensive income for the period attributable to non-controlling interests(2) (1) - - Comprehensive income for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent company422 1 287 1 544Consolidated balance sheet(in millions of euros) June 30  2023 December 31  2022 Assets Goodwill  net 12 636 12 546 Intangible assets  net 1 094 1 247 Right-of-use assets related to leases 1 672 1 753 Property  plant and equipment  net 582 610 Deferred tax assets 199 186 Investments in associates 55 55 Other financial assets 351 394 Non-current assets 16 589 16 791 Inventories and work-in-progress 319 327 Trade receivables 10 729 12 089 Contract assets 1 451 1 149 Other receivables and current assets 930 926 Cash and cash equivalents 3 682 4 616 Current assets 17 111 19 107 Total assets 33 700 35 898Equity and liabilities Share capital 102 102 Additional paid-in capital and retained earnings  Groupe share 9 086 9 533 Equity attributable to holders of the parent company – Groupe share 9 188 9 635 Non-controlling interests (44) (35) Total equity 9 144 9 600 Long-term borrowings 3 085 2 989 Long-term lease liabilities 2 124 2 197 Deferred tax liabilities 203 219 Long-term provisions 553 504 Non-current liabilities 5 965 5 909 Trade payables 13 861 15 660 Contract liabilities 444 549 Short-term borrowings 625 627 Short-term lease liabilities 353 360 Income taxes payable 328 486 Short-term provisions 278 291 Other creditors and current liabilities 2 702 2 416 Current liabilities 18 591 20 389 Total equity and liabilities 33 700 35 898Consolidated statement of cash flows(in millions of euros) June 30  2023(6 months) June 30  2022(6 months) December 31 2022(12 months)Cash flow from operating activities Net income 628 533 1 222 Neutralization of non-cash income and expenses: Income taxes 205 189 431 Cost of net financial debt (42) 27 17 Capital losses (gains) on disposal of assets (before tax) (2) 76 103 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 496 450 931 Share-based compensation 41 30 64 Other non-cash income and expenses 51 16 86 Share of profit of associates (3) (5) (5) Dividends received from associates 2 3 3 Taxes paid (386) (251) (430) Change in working capital requirements (1 053) (858) (5) Net cash flows generated by (used in) operating activities (I) (63) 210 2 417 Cash flow from investing activities Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (75) (84) (198) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets - 2 4 Purchases of investments and other financial assets  net (10) 18 11 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (158) (400) (523) Disposals of subsidiaries - (43) (43) Net cash flows generated by (used in) investing activities (II) (243) (507) (749) Cash flow from financing activities Dividends paid to holders of the parent company - - (603) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (7) (3) (4) Proceeds from new borrowings 4 5 - Repayment of borrowings - (10) (10) Repayment of lease liabilities (168) (170) (317) Interest paid on lease liabilities (39) (45) (87) Interest paid (86) (84) (101) Interest received 103 21 84 Buy-outs of non-controlling interests (2) - (3) Net (buybacks)/sales of treasury shares and warrants (193) 7 41 Net cash flows generated by (used in) financing activities (III) (388) (279) (1 000)Impact of exchange rate fluctuations (IV)(239) 258 300Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (I + II + III + IV) (933) (318) 968 Cash and cash equivalents on January 1 4 616 3 659 3 659 Bank overdrafts on January 1 (1) (12) (12) Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year (V) 4 615 3 647 3 647 Cash and cash equivalents at closing date 3 682 3 342 4 616 Bank overdrafts at closing date - (13) (1) Net cash and cash equivalents at closing date (VI) 3 682 3 329 4 615 Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (VI - V) (933) (318) 968Consolidated statement of changes in equityNumber of outstanding shares (in millions of euros) Share capitalAdditional paid-incapital Reservesandearnings brought forward TranslationreserveFairvaluereserve Equity attributableto equityholders ofthe parent company Non-controlling interests Totalequity 251 992 065 December 31  2022 102 4 037 5 324 85 87 9 635 (35) 9 600 Net income 623 623 5 628 Other comprehensive income  net of tax (210) 9 (201) (7) (208) Total income and expenses for the period 0 0 623 (210) 9 422 (2) 420 - Dividends (701) (25) (726) (7) (733) - Share-based compensation  net of tax 50 50 50 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests 1 1 1 - Equity warrant exercise 0 0 0 (1 490 149) (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares (194) (194) (194) 250 501 916 June 30  2023 102 3 336 5 779 (125) 96 9 188 (44) 9 144Number of outstanding shares (in millions of euros) Share capitalAdditional paid-incapital Reservesandearnings brought forward TranslationreserveFairvaluereserve Equity attributableto equityholders ofthe parent company Non-controlling interests Totalequity 249 600 509 December 31  2021 101 4 581 4 056 (226) 76 8 588 (33) 8 555 Net income 537 537 (4) 533 Other comprehensive income  net of tax 673 77 750 3 753 Total income and expenses for the period - - 537 673 77 1 287 (1) 1 286 - Dividends (599) (599) (3) (602) 246 225 Share-based compensation  net of tax 29 29 29 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests 2 2 3 5 161 412 Equity warrant exercise 1 3 4 4 1 116 166 (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares 3 3 3 251 124 312 June 30  2022 102 4 584 4 028 447 153 9 314 (34) 9 280Earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) June 30  2023 June 30  2022Net income used for the calculation of earnings per share Net income share attributable to equity holders of the parent company A 623 537 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Net income – Groupe share – diluted B 623 537Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the period - 133 430 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the period) (3 482 522) (3 321 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 829 338 250 274 576 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Free shares and dilutive stock options 2 788 720 2 124 694 - Equity warrants (BSA) - 108 858 Number of diluted shares D 253 618 058 252 508 128 (in euros) Earnings per share A/C 2.48 2.15 Diluted earnings per share B/D 2.46 2.13Headline earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) June 30  2023 June 30  2022Net income used to calculate headline earnings per share(1) Net income – Groupe share 623 537 Items excluded: Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  net of tax 105 103 Impairment loss  net of tax 83 33 Revaluation of earn-out payments (1) 4 Main capital gains and losses on disposal of assets and fair value adjustment of financial assets  net of tax(2) 3 50 Headline Groupe net income E 813 727 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Headline Groupe net income  diluted F 813 727 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the period - 133 430 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the period) (3 482 522) (3 321 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 829 338 250 274 576 Impact of dilutive instruments: - Free shares and dilutive stock options 2 788 720 2 124 694 - Equity warrants (BSA) - 108 858 Number of diluted shares D 253 618 058 252 508 128(in euros) Headline earnings per share(1) E/C 3.24 2.90 Headline earnings per share – diluted(1) F/D 3.21 2.88(1) EPS after elimination of impairment losses  amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  the main capital gains and losses on disposal and fair value adjustment of financial assets and revaluation of earn-out payments.(2) As of June 30  2023  the main capital gains and losses on disposal amount to euro 4 million and the fair value adjustment of financial assets amounts to euro (7) million. At June 30  2022  the main capital gains and losses on disposal amount to euro (79) million and the fair value adjustment of financial assets amounts to euro 29 million.1 Before change in working capital requirements.2 Reported H1 2023 FCF of €725m includes a €110m cash tax payment made in January 2023 relating to 2022. This payment reflects the impact of the new application of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) on the capitalization of R&D expenses  confirmed late December 2022. Excluding this payment  H1 2023 FCF is at €835m  up 17.9% compared to H1 2022.3 Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets  the revaluation of earn-out costs  divided by the average number of shares on a diluted basis4 Excluding Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore5 Excluding Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore6 Cancer or serious deseases7 Based on 1.10 EUR/USD exchange rate8 Net revenue: Revenue less pass-through costs. Those costs are mainly production & media costs and out-of-pocket expenses. As these items that can be passed on to clients are not included in the scope of analysis of transactions  the net revenue indicator is the most appropriate for measuring the Groupe’s operational performance.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.1,0.44,True,English,"['First Half 2023 Results', 'Publicis Groupe', 'FY’22 R&D tax payment', 'slower decision making process', 'new business track record', 'North America net revenue', 'New Business tailwind', 'persistent macro uncertainties', 'persistent macroeconomic uncertainty', 'Maurice Lévy', 'working capital requirements', 'Free Cash Flow', 'Headline Groupe net income', '2023 first semester accounts', 'Euro exchange rate', 'Cash flow Statement', 'Operating margin rate', 'best financial KPIs', 'Outdoor Media activities', 'unique revenue mix', 'notable double-digit growth', 'EUR Net revenue', 'Q2 organic growth', 'net cash', 'Income Statement', 'Operating income', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'business model', 'business cycles', 'Latin America', 'first half', 'Exchange rates', 'Net debt', '+7.1% organic growth', 'Growth Growth', 'through revenue', 'English French', 'sustained performance', 'U.S.', 'high level', '2022-related TCJA', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'platform organization', 'transformation partner', 'stronger company', '3Y CAGR', 'continued trust', 'last months', 'Supervisory Board', 'Management Board', 'Balance Sheet', 'Total assets', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'negative impact', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'US dollar', 'high comparables', 'DBT projects', 'U.K.', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Groupe share', '3,239 million euros', '3,073 million euros', 'Digital Media', 'Publicis Sapient', 'organic basis', 'H1 2023 Results', 'share data', '2022 Revenue', '26 million', 'Upgrade', 'regions', 'Europe', 'China', 'EPS', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'year', 'market', 'expectations', 'industry', 'communication', 'clients', 'period', 'investments', 'Creative', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Marcel', 'future', 'heart', 'way', 'talent', 'dedication', 'July', 'FIGURES', 'percentages', 'Pass', 'EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'increase', 'Breakdown', 'Africa', 'solid +5.', 'context', 'Canada', 'contribution', 'Drugstore', 'France', 'Germany']",2023-07-20,2023-07-21,globenewswire.com
28071,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1106643710/Correction-Ipsen-Provides-Update-On-EU-Marketing-Authorization-Application-For-Bylvay-For-Cholestatic-Pruritus-In-Patients-With-Alagille-Syndrome,Correction: Ipsen Provides Update On E.U. Marketing Authorization Application For Bylvay® For Cholestatic Pruritus In Patients With Alagille Syndrome,English French  <li /> Positive opinion from Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) based on Bylvay Phase III ASSERT clinical-tri,Positive opinion from Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) based on Bylvay Phase III ASSERT clinical-trial data in Alagille syndrome (ALGS)Negative opinion from Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) recommending not to maintain orphan drug designation for treatment of ALGSIpsen to appeal negative COMP opinion  which might delay final European Commission decision Approval already granted by U.S. FDA in June 2023 for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS aged 12 months and olderPARIS  FRANCE  21 July 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN: ADR: IPSEY) today announced that the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) has issued a positive opinion recommending the approval of Bylvay ® (odevixibat) for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with Alagille syndrome (ALGS) aged six months or older.“We are pleased with today's CHMP positive opinion which is supported by the data from our Phase III ASSERT trial ” said Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development for Ipsen.“These children endure a very poor quality of life. The severe itching  known as pruritus  caused by the back-up of bile acids in the liver and bloodstream of individuals living with Alagille syndrome  sometimes results in scratching so hard it leads to broken skin. We are committed to bringing a much-needed additional drug treatment option to Alagille patients and families in the E.U.”The Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP)  a scientific committee of the EMA  has concurrently issued a negative opinion for the maintenance of Bylvay's orphan drug designation in ALGS.This negative COMP opinion prevents the retention of orphan-drug status in Bylvay's marketing authorization in ALGS and might delay a final European Commission decision. Ipsen plans to submit an appeal in respect of the COMP opinion.Bylvay  is an orphan medicine already approved in the E.U. for the treatment of progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis (PFIC) in patients aged six months or older. In November 2022  a variation application to the current market authorization was submitted. The application sought approval in the E.U. for a second orphan indication for Bylvay  the treatment of pruritus in patients with ALGS. In 2012  Bylvay received orphan designation for the treatment of ALGS in the E.U.  which supported the development of Bylvay through preclinical and clinical stages.The CHMP and COMP reviewed data from the Bylvay clinical-trial program  including ASSERT  a double-blind  randomized  placebo-controlled Phase III  multi-center efficacy and safety trial conducted in ALGS. Positive data from ASSERT presented at the 2023 European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology Hepatology and Nutrition (ESPGHAN) congress  demonstrated that Bylvay provided highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in pruritus  starting as early as one week after initiation of treatment and were sustained over the 24 weeks of the trial. More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ one point change at any time during 24 weeks). The overall incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was similar to placebo. No patients discontinued the trial  and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension trial.Bylvay was approved in 2021 in the U.S. as the first medicine-treatment option for patients three months of age and older living with cholestatic pruritus due to PFIC  and for the treatment of PFIC in patients aged six months or older in the E.U. In June 2023  Bylvay was also approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients from 12 months of age with ALGS.Bylvay has received orphan exclusivity for the treatment of PFIC  and orphan drug designations for the treatment of ALGS and biliary atresia  in the U.S. and the E.U. In a potential future third indication  the rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease  biliary atresia  Bylvay is in late-stage development with the Phase III BOLD trial.ENDSAbout Bylvay ® ( odevixibat )Bylvay is a potent  once-daily  non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor (IBATi) that acts locally in the small intestine and has minimal systemic exposure. It is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of pruritus in patients three months of age and older with PFIC  where it has orphan exclusivity. Bylvay was first launched as a treatment option for patients with PFIC in the U.S. in 2021  where it is supported by a program designed to assist with access to treatment and patient support. Bylvay is also approved in the E.U. for the treatment of PFIC in patients aged six months or older. It has launched in over nine countries and has secured public reimbursement across several major markets including Germany  Italy  the U.K.  France and Belgium. In June 2023  Bylvay was also approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients from 12 months of age with Alagille syndrome.View full U.S. prescribing information here: ipsen.comView full E.U. prescribing information here: bylvay   inn- odevixibat (europa.eu)Important Safety InformationPFIC: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  liver test abnormalities  vomiting  abdominal pain  and fat-soluble vitamin deficiency.ALGS: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  abdominal pain  hematoma  and weight decrease.Liver Test Abnormalities: Patients should obtain baseline liver tests and monitor during treatment. Dose reduction or treatment interruption may be required if abnormalities occur. For persistent or recurrent liver test abnormalities  consider treatment discontinuation.Diarrhea: Treat dehydration. Treatment interruption or discontinuation may be required for persistent diarrhea. Fat-Soluble Vitamin (FSV) Deficiency: Patient should obtain baseline vitamin levels and monitor during treatment. Supplement if deficiency is observed. If FSV deficiency persists or worsens despite FSV supplementation  discontinue treatment.ALGSALGS is an inherited rare  genetic disorder that can affect multiple organ systems in the body including the liver  heart  skeleton  eyes and kidneys. Liver damage may result from having fewer than normal  narrowed or malformed bile ducts  which leads to toxic bile acid build-up  which in turn can cause scarring and progressive liver disease. Approximately 95% of patients with the condition present with chronic cholestasis  usually within the first three months of life and as many as 88% also present with severe  intractable pruritus. The estimated global incidence of ALGS is 3 in 100 000 live births. Currently in the U.S.  it is estimated that there are 1 300 patients who may be eligible for IBATi treatment.ASSERT Phase III c linical t rial d ataASSERT is a double-blind  randomized  placebo-controlled trial designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of 120 μg /kg/day Bylvay for 24 weeks in relieving pruritus in patients with ALGS with 32 sites across North America  Europe  Middle East  and Asia Pacific. The trial enrolled patients aged 0 to 17 years of age with a genetically confirmed diagnosis of ALGS. In the primary analysis  the study met the primary endpoint showing highly statistically significant improvement in pruritus as measured by the PRUCISION Observer-Reported Outcome scratching score (0-4 point scale)  from baseline at month 6 (weeks 21 to 24)  compared to the placebo arm (p=0.002). More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ 1 point change at any time during 24 weeks). The study also met the key secondary endpoint showing a highly statistically significant reduction in serum bile acid concentration from baseline to the average of weeks 20 and 24 (compared to the placebo arm p=0.001). Statistically significant improvements in multiple sleep parameters were observed as early as week 1-4 compared to patients on placebo with continued improvement through week 24. In the study  there were no patient discontinuations and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension study. Bylvay had an overall adverse event incidence similar to placebo and a low incidence of drug-related diarrhea (11.4% vs. 5.9% placebo).About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company's research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 400 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comOn March 3rd  2023  Ipsen completed the acquisition of Albireo Pharma Inc  a leading innovator in bile-acid modulators to treat rare liver conditions  and the marketing authorization holder of Bylvay.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.11,0.79,True,English,"['E.U. Marketing Authorization Application', 'Cholestatic Pruritus', 'Alagille Syndrome', 'Correction', 'Ipsen', 'Update', 'Bylvay', 'Patients', 'non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor', 'double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase III', 'rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease', 'full U.S. prescribing information', 'final European Commission decision Approval', 'progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis', 'potential future third indication', 'Phase III ASSERT trial', 'Phase III BOLD trial', 'full E.U. prescr', 'additional drug treatment option', 'Pediatric Gastroenterology Hepatology', 'European Medicines Agency', 'second orphan indication', 'Bylvay Phase III', 'Executive Vice President', 'treatment-emergent adverse events', 'first medicine-treatment option', 'minimal systemic exposure', 'several major markets', 'orphan drug designations', 'current market authorization', 'open-label extension trial', 'one point change', 'U.S. FDA', 'Orphan Medicinal Products', 'negative COMP opinion', 'CHMP positive opinion', 'Bylvay clinical-trial program', '2023 European Society', 'Negative opinion', 'orphan medicine', 'marketing authorization', 'safety trial', 'U.K.', 'orphan exclusivity', 'cholestatic pruritus', 'Human Use', 'clinical-trial data', 'Alagille syndrome', 'Howard Mayer', 'poor quality', 'severe itching', 'broken skin', 'orphan-drug status', 'clinical stages', 'multi-center efficacy', 'ESPGHAN) congress', 'meaningful improvements', 'overall incidence', 'biliary atresia', 'small intestine', 'patient support', 'nine countries', 'public reimbursement', 'The CHMP', 'Positive data', 'pruritus responders', 'variation application', 'three months', 'The Committee', 'scientific committee', 'late-stage development', 'Alagille patients', '12 months', 'ALGS', 'Ipsen', 'June', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'odevixibat', 'Head', 'Research', 'children', 'life', 'back-up', 'acids', 'bloodstream', 'individuals', 'families', 'EMA', 'maintenance', 'retention', 'appeal', 'respect', 'PFIC', 'November', 'preclinical', 'Nutrition', 'significant', 'initiation', '24 weeks', 'More', 'time', 'ENDS', 'IBATi', 'access', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium']",2023-07-21,2023-07-21,menafn.com
28072,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/businesswire/wolters-kluwer-honored-with-abf-journal-2023-most-innovative-companies-designation-2/,Wolters Kluwer honored with ABF Journal “2023 Most Innovative Companies” designation,Excellence in regulatory change management and digital lending capabilities cited as notable Wolters Kluwer differentiators MINNEAPOLIS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–#wolterskluwer–The Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division of Wolters Kluwer has been recognized by ABF Journal for excellence in innovation in the magazine’s just-announced “2023 Most Innovative Companies” program.,Excellence in regulatory change management and digital lending capabilities cited as notable Wolters Kluwer differentiatorsMINNEAPOLIS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–#wolterskluwer–The Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division of Wolters Kluwer has been recognized by ABF Journal for excellence in innovation in the magazine’s just-announced “2023 Most Innovative Companies” program.Wolters Kluwer was singled out by program judges for a number of noteworthy innovations it has introduced to help navigate the sizeable breadth and scope of regulatory changes lenders face and  in addition  to further automate their customers’ transactions via an array of industry-leading digital lending offerings.“Wolters Kluwer has been at the forefront of pioneering technologies in the digital lending arena that are changing the ways in which secured lending is transacted today  whether in mortgage lending  auto lending  equipment leasing or other kinds of commercial finance ” according to ABF Journal judges.Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions  which sits within the FCC division  has continued to refine functionality used in its OneSumX® for Regulatory Change Management offering and has more than doubled its regulatory coverage in the past two years to more than 1 500 global regulatory agencies. This expanded scope helps banks and other financial services firms better identify significant regulatory changes relevant to specific lines of business  helping them better manage their compliance obligations.The incorporation of several recent  major acquisitions into the Compliance Solutions portfolio  including the digital lending industry leader eOriginal  as well as IDS  has fostered further innovation that is helping lenders on their digital transformation journeys  notes Wolters Kluwer leaders. This effort includes the development and launch of OmniVault for Real Estate Finance  an eVault technology that enables clients to manage digital home equity lines of credit (HELOCs) and eMortgages  among other types of loans.“I’m proud of the work that our talented team of professionals has achieved to help enhance our customers’ capabilities ” said Steven Meirink  CEO  Financial & Corporate Compliance  Wolters Kluwer. “Our team is constantly connecting with customers and partners to learn their pain points and needs to then help develop a workable approach  enabling them to better serve their end customers. We are pleased to be recognized by ABF Journal for these efforts  as this type of innovation requires deep domain knowledge  technical expertise and focus on our customers to drive success.”Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions is a market leader and trusted provider of risk management and regulatory compliance solutions and services to U.S. banks  credit unions  insurers and securities firms. The business helps these financial institutions efficiently manage risk and regulatory compliance obligations  and gain the insights needed to focus on better serving their customers and growing their business.Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation  a global leader in registered agent services  incorporation services  and legal entity compliance  is also part of Wolters Kluwer’s Financial & Corporate Compliance division and has a reach into over 150 countries. More than 75 percent of Fortune 500 companies  95 percent of AmLaw 100 law firms  and 350 000 small businesses trust CT Corporation to handle their compliance needs with the help of innovative solutions such as UCC Hub  an end-to-end due diligence workflow solution for corporate transactions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.ContactsDavid FeiderAssociate Director  External CommunicationsFinancial & Corporate ComplianceWolters KluwerOffice +1 612-246-9454david.feider@wolterskluwer.comAshley BeineSenior Specialist  External CommunicationsFinancial & Corporate ComplianceWolters KluwerTel: +1 262-685-8721ashley.beine@wolterskluwer.com,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,positive,0.78,0.14,0.08,True,English,"['2023 Most Innovative Companies” designation', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'ABF Journal', 'end due diligence workflow solution', 'several recent, major acquisitions', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Ashley Beine Senior Specialist', 'digital home equity lines', 'industry-leading digital lending offerings', 'notable Wolters Kluwer differentiators', 'Regulatory Change Management offering', 'digital lending industry leader', 'Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'other financial services firms', 'digital transformation journeys', 'digital lending arena', 'past two years', 'deep domain knowledge', 'AmLaw 100 law firms', 'significant regulatory changes', 'digital lending capabilities', 'Compliance Solutions portfolio', 'Real Estate Finance', 'regulatory compliance solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer leaders', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', '1,500 global regulatory agencies', '2023 Most Innovative Companies', 'U.S. banks', 'registered agent services', 'regulatory compliance obligations', 'regulatory changes lenders', 'legal entity compliance', 'ABF Journal judges', 'Corporate Compliance division', 'innovative solutions', 'specific lines', 'securities firms', 'expert solutions', 'end customers', 'global leader', 'regulatory coverage', 'mortgage lending', 'auto lending', 'other kinds', 'other types', 'compliance needs', 'commercial finance', 'market leader', 'risk management', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'FCC) division', 'FCC division', 'corporate transactions', 'corporate performance', 'The Financial', 'program judges', 'noteworthy innovations', 'sizeable breadth', 'pioneering technologies', 'equipment leasing', 'eVault technology', 'Steven Meirink', 'pain points', 'workable approach', 'technical expertise', 'trusted provider', 'financial institutions', 'incorporation services', '350,000 small businesses', 'UCC Hub', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'customers’ capabilities', 'expanded scope', 'talented team', 'credit unions', 'David Feider', 'customers’ transactions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Excellence', 'MINNEAPOLIS', 'wolterskluwer', 'magazine', 'number', 'addition', 'array', 'forefront', 'ways', 'functionality', 'OneSumX®', 'IDS', 'effort', 'development', 'launch', 'OmniVault', 'clients', 'HELOCs', 'eMortgages', 'loans', 'professionals', 'CEO', 'partners', 'focus', 'success', 'insurers', 'insights', 'reach', '150 countries', 'More', '75 percent', '95 percent', 'help', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Contacts', 'Tel']",2023-07-21,2023-07-21,dutchnews.nl
28073,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1106643413/Ipsen-Provides-Update-On-EU-Marketing-Authorization-Application-For-Bylvay-For-Cholestatic-Pruritus-In-Patients-With-Alagille-Syndrome,Ipsen Provides Update On E.U. Marketing Authorization Application For Bylvay® For Cholestatic Pruritus In Patients With Alagille Syndrome,English French  <li /> Positive opinion from Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) based on Bylvay Phase III ASSERT clinical-tri,Positive opinion from Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) based on Bylvay Phase III ASSERT clinical-trial data in Alagille syndrome (ALGS)Negative opinion from Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) recommending not to maintain orphan drug designation for treatment of ALGSIpsen to appeal negative COMP opinion  which might delay final European Commission decision Approval already granted by U.S. FDA in June 2023 for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS aged 12 months and olderPARIS  FRANCE  21 July 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN: ADR: IPSEY) today announced that the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) has issued a positive opinion recommending the approval of Bylvay ® (odevixibat) for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with Alagille syndrome (ALGS) aged six months or older.“We are pleased with today's CHMP positive opinion which is supported by the data from our Phase III ASSERT trial ” said Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development for Ipsen.“These children endure a very poor quality of life. The severe itching  known as pruritus  caused by the back-up of bile acids in the liver and bloodstream of individuals living with Alagille syndrome  sometimes results in scratching so hard it leads to broken skin. We are committed to bringing a much-needed additional drug treatment option to Alagille patients and families in the E.U.”The Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP)  a scientific committee of the EMA  has concurrently issued a negative opinion for the maintenance of Bylvay's orphan drug designation in ALGS.This negative COMP opinion prevents the retention of orphan-drug status in Bylvay's marketing authorization in ALGS and might delay a final European Commission decision. Ipsen plans to submit an appeal in respect of the COMP opinion.Bylvay  is an orphan medicine already approved in the E.U. for the treatment of progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis (PFIC) in patients aged six months or older. In November 2022  a variation application to the current market authorization of was submitted. The application sought approval in the E.U. for a second orphan indication for Bylvay  the treatment of pruritus in patients with ALGS. In 2012  Bylvay received orphan designation for the treatment of ALGS in the E.U.  which supported the development of Bylvay through preclinical and clinical stages.The CHMP and COMP reviewed data from the Bylvay clinical-trial program  including ASSERT  a double-blind  randomized  placebo-controlled Phase III  multi-center efficacy and safety trial conducted in ALGS. Positive data from ASSERT presented at the 2023 European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology Hepatology and Nutrition (ESPGHAN) congress  demonstrated that Bylvay provided highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in pruritus  starting as early as one week after initiation of treatment and were sustained over the 24 weeks of the trial. More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ one point change at any time during 24 weeks). The overall incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was similar to placebo. No patients discontinued the trial  and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension trial.Bylvay was approved in 2021 in the U.S. as the first medicine-treatment option for patients three months of age and older living with cholestatic pruritus due to PFIC  and for the treatment of PFIC in patients aged six months or older in the E.U. In June 2023  Bylvay was also approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients from 12 months of age with ALGS.Bylvay has received orphan exclusivity for the treatment of PFIC  and orphan drug designations for the treatment of ALGS and biliary atresia  in the U.S. and the E.U. In a potential future third indication  the rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease  biliary atresia  Bylvay is in late-stage development with the Phase III BOLD trial.ENDSAbout Bylvay ® ( odevixibat )Bylvay is a potent  once-daily  non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor (IBATi) that acts locally in the small intestine and has minimal systemic exposure. It is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of pruritus in patients three months of age and older with PFIC  where it has orphan exclusivity. Bylvay was first launched as a treatment option for patients with PFIC in the U.S. in 2021  where it is supported by a program designed to assist with access to treatment and patient support. Bylvay is also approved in the E.U. for the treatment of PFIC in patients aged six months or older. It has launched in over nine countries and has secured public reimbursement across several major markets including Germany  Italy  the U.K.  France and Belgium. In June 2023  Bylvay was also approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients from 12 months of age with Alagille syndrome.View full U.S. prescribing information here: ipsen.comView full E.U. prescribing information here: bylvay   inn- odevixibat (europa.eu)Important Safety InformationPFIC: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  liver test abnormalities  vomiting  abdominal pain  and fat-soluble vitamin deficiency.ALGS: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  abdominal pain  hematoma  and weight decrease.Liver Test Abnormalities: Patients should obtain baseline liver tests and monitor during treatment. Dose reduction or treatment interruption may be required if abnormalities occur. For persistent or recurrent liver test abnormalities  consider treatment discontinuation.Diarrhea: Treat dehydration. Treatment interruption or discontinuation may be required for persistent diarrhea. Fat-Soluble Vitamin (FSV) Deficiency: Patient should obtain baseline vitamin levels and monitor during treatment. Supplement if deficiency is observed. If FSV deficiency persists or worsens despite FSV supplementation  discontinue treatment.ALGSALGS is an inherited rare  genetic disorder that can affect multiple organ systems in the body including the liver  heart  skeleton  eyes and kidneys. Liver damage may result from having fewer than normal  narrowed or malformed bile ducts  which leads to toxic bile acid build-up  which in turn can cause scarring and progressive liver disease. Approximately 95% of patients with the condition present with chronic cholestasis  usually within the first three months of life and as many as 88% also present with severe  intractable pruritus. The estimated global incidence of ALGS is 3 in 100 000 live births. Currently in the U.S.  it is estimated that there are 1 300 patients who may be eligible for IBATi treatment.ASSERT Phase III c linical t rial d ataASSERT is a double-blind  randomized  placebo-controlled trial designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of 120 μg /kg/day Bylvay for 24 weeks in relieving pruritus in patients with ALGS with 32 sites across North America  Europe  Middle East  and Asia Pacific. The trial enrolled patients aged 0 to 17 years of age with a genetically confirmed diagnosis of ALGS. In the primary analysis  the study met the primary endpoint showing highly statistically significant improvement in pruritus as measured by the PRUCISION Observer-Reported Outcome scratching score (0-4 point scale)  from baseline at month 6 (weeks 21 to 24)  compared to the placebo arm (p=0.002). More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ 1 point change at any time during 24 weeks). The study also met the key secondary endpoint showing a highly statistically significant reduction in serum bile acid concentration from baseline to the average of weeks 20 and 24 (compared to the placebo arm p=0.001). Statistically significant improvements in multiple sleep parameters were observed as early as week 1-4 compared to patients on placebo with continued improvement through week 24. In the study  there were no patient discontinuations and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension study. Bylvay had an overall adverse event incidence similar to placebo and a low incidence of drug-related diarrhea (11.4% vs. 5.9% placebo).About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company's research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 400 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comOn March 3rd  2023  Ipsen completed the acquisition of Albireo Pharma Inc  a leading innovator in bile-acid modulators to treat rare liver conditions  and the marketing authorization holder of Bylvay.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.12,0.78,True,English,"['E.U. Marketing Authorization Application', 'Cholestatic Pruritus', 'Alagille Syndrome', 'Ipsen', 'Update', 'Bylvay', 'Patients', 'non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor', 'double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase III', 'rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease', 'full U.S. prescribing information', 'final European Commission decision Approval', 'progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis', 'potential future third indication', 'Phase III ASSERT trial', 'Phase III BOLD trial', 'full E.U. pre', 'additional drug treatment option', 'Pediatric Gastroenterology Hepatology', 'European Medicines Agency', 'second orphan indication', 'Bylvay Phase III', 'Executive Vice President', 'treatment-emergent adverse events', 'first medicine-treatment option', 'minimal systemic exposure', 'several major markets', 'orphan drug designations', 'current market authorization', 'open-label extension trial', 'one point change', 'U.S. FDA', 'Orphan Medicinal Products', 'negative COMP opinion', 'CHMP positive opinion', 'Bylvay clinical-trial program', '2023 European Society', 'Negative opinion', 'orphan medicine', 'marketing authorization', 'safety trial', 'U.K.', 'orphan exclusivity', 'cholestatic pruritus', 'Human Use', 'clinical-trial data', 'Alagille syndrome', 'Howard Mayer', 'poor quality', 'severe itching', 'broken skin', 'orphan-drug status', 'clinical stages', 'multi-center efficacy', 'ESPGHAN) congress', 'meaningful improvements', 'overall incidence', 'biliary atresia', 'small intestine', 'patient support', 'nine countries', 'public reimbursement', 'The CHMP', 'Positive data', 'pruritus responders', 'variation application', 'three months', 'The Committee', 'scientific committee', 'late-stage development', 'Alagille patients', '12 months', 'ALGS', 'Ipsen', 'June', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'odevixibat', 'Head', 'Research', 'children', 'life', 'back-up', 'acids', 'bloodstream', 'individuals', 'families', 'EMA', 'maintenance', 'retention', 'appeal', 'respect', 'PFIC', 'November', 'preclinical', 'Nutrition', 'significant', 'initiation', '24 weeks', 'More', 'time', 'ENDS', 'IBATi', 'access', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium']",2023-07-21,2023-07-21,menafn.com
28074,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/23/07/b33316419/portzamparc-groupe-bnp-paribas-initiates-the-coverage-of-median-technologies-with-a-strong-buy-rec,"Portzamparc Groupe BNP Paribas Initiates the Coverage of Median Technologies with a ""Strong Buy"" Recommendation",Median Technologies (Euronext Growth - ALMDT) announces today the publication of an initiation report by Portzamparc Groupe BNP Paribas  a French leading group covering brokerage for Individual and,"Regulatory News:Median Technologies (Euronext Growth - ALMDT) announces today the publication of an initiation report by Portzamparc Groupe BNP Paribas  a French leading group covering brokerage for Individual and institutional investors  and financial operations for corporate and Institutional clients.In the initiation report published on July 20  2023  Portzamparc Groupe BNP Paribas initiates the coverage of the stock with a Strong Buy recommendation.About Portzamparc Groupe BNP Paribas: Portzamparc's offering is built around three areas of expertise: support for private and institutional investors on the stock market  with a transaction volume of nearly €9 billion; third-party asset management  with €4 billion in assets under management; and market operations for SMEs/ETIs  with undisputed leadership in IPOs. From IPOs to financial analysis  Portzamparc's experience and reputation make it the benchmark for mid-cap companies.About Median Technologies: Median Technologies provides innovative imaging solutions and services to advance healthcare for everyone. We harness the power of medical images by using the most advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies  to increase the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment of many cancers and other metabolic diseases at their earliest stages and provide insights into novel therapies for patients. Our iCRO solutions for medical image analysis and management in oncology trials and iBiopsy®  our AI-powered imaging platform for the development of software as medical devices (SaMD) help biopharmaceutical companies and clinicians to bring new treatments and diagnose patients earlier and more accurately. This is how we are helping to create a healthier world.Founded in 2002  based in Sophia-Antipolis  France  with a subsidiary in the US and another one in Shanghai  Median has received the label ""Innovative company"" by the BPI and is listed on Euronext Growth market (Paris). FR0011049824– ticker: ALMDT. Median is eligible for the French SME equity savings plan scheme (PEA-PME). For more information: www.mediantechnologies.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230720213843/en/",neutral,0.01,0.94,0.06,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Portzamparc Groupe BNP Paribas', 'Strong Buy"" Recommendation', 'Median Technologies', 'Coverage', 'French SME equity savings plan scheme', 'Portzamparc Groupe BNP Paribas', 'advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies', 'French leading group', 'Strong Buy recommendation', 'other metabolic diseases', 'AI-powered imaging platform', 'View source version', 'innovative imaging solutions', 'medical image analysis', 'third-party asset management', 'Euronext Growth market', 'financial analysis', 'iCRO solutions', 'Innovative company', 'market operations', 'medical images', 'medical devices', 'Median Technologies', 'Regulatory News', 'initiation report', 'institutional investors', 'financial operations', 'Institutional clients', 'three areas', 'transaction volume', 'undisputed leadership', 'mid-cap companies', 'many cancers', 'earliest stages', 'novel therapies', 'oncology trials', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'new treatments', 'healthier world', 'stock market', 'ALMDT', 'publication', 'brokerage', 'Individual', 'corporate', 'July', 'coverage', 'offering', 'expertise', 'support', 'private', 'assets', 'SMEs/ETIs', 'IPOs', 'experience', 'reputation', 'benchmark', 'services', 'healthcare', 'everyone', 'accuracy', 'diagnosis', 'insights', 'patients', 'iBiopsy®', 'development', 'software', 'SaMD', 'clinicians', 'Sophia-Antipolis', 'France', 'subsidiary', 'US', 'Shanghai', 'label', 'BPI', 'Paris', 'PEA-PME', 'information', 'mediantechnologies']",2023-07-21,2023-07-21,benzinga.com
