UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50787,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084615/0/en/Best-Indoor-Antenna-2025-BroadWave-HD-TV-Antenna-Review-For-Rural-Reception-Signal-Boost.html,Best Indoor Antenna 2025: BroadWave HD TV Antenna Review For Rural Reception & Signal Boost,Discover the Best Indoor Antenna 2025 for rural areas. Read our BroadWave HD TV Antenna review and see how it boosts TV signal strength  channel access & HD clarity. Discover the Best Indoor Antenna 2025 for rural areas. Read our BroadWave HD TV Antenna revie…,"New York City  May 20  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Introduction - Best Indoor Antenna For HD TVIn an age dominated by streaming platforms and digital subscriptions  the value of local TV channels hasn’t faded. In fact  millions across the country—especially those in remote or rural regions—still depend on free over-the-air (OTA) broadcasts. Yet  with increasing distance from signal towers  many face frustrating signal dropouts  pixelated screens  or limited channel access.This is where indoor antennas have re-emerged as essential tools for clear  consistent viewing. One standout solution  designed with rural signal challenges in mind  is the BroadWave HDTV Antenna . As we move through 2025  this antenna has become a top pick for households seeking high-definition clarity without expensive service fees.This review explores why BroadWave is gaining attention  how it performs in low-signal zones  and how it compares to other popular options available today.✅ Top Pick: BroadWave Antenna – Best Indoor Antenna for HD TV & Powerful Signal Reception this year.Why Indoor Antennas Still Matter in 2025Despite the growth of streaming  there’s a significant segment of viewers who rely on antennas—particularly in areas where broadband infrastructure remains limited. Indoor antennas offer:Zero monthly feesAccess to major networks (ABC  CBS  FOX  NBC  PBS)High-definition quality without cableThese devices also serve as backup solutions during outages or emergencies when internet-based services fail.For those living outside city centers  cutting the cord becomes practical only with reliable access to local broadcasts. That’s why indoor antennas—especially long-range models—continue to matter now more than ever.Tired of poor signal? See why this is ranked the Best Indoor Antenna of 2025 →Challenges of TV Reception in Rural AreasRural environments present unique obstacles for signal transmission:Greater distance from broadcast towersfrom broadcast towers Obstructions like hills  trees  and buildingslike hills  trees  and buildings Weather interference  especially in open terrainMany indoor antennas marketed as “long-range” struggle under these conditions  leading to poor channel availability or frequent signal loss.This makes it essential to choose a model engineered for strong amplification  wide reception angles  and robust performance in less-than-ideal locations. BroadWave fits this mold and aims to solve these common headaches.What to Look for in a Top Indoor AntennaWhen shopping for an indoor antenna—particularly if you live in a rural or suburban area—focus on features that directly impact performance:Signal Range : Look for options offering reception from 150+ miles  especially if you're far from towers.: Look for options offering reception from 150+ miles  especially if you're far from towers. Built-in Amplifier : Helps strengthen weak signals and minimizes dropouts.: Helps strengthen weak signals and minimizes dropouts. Multidirectional Capability : Captures signals from multiple directions without constant repositioning.: Captures signals from multiple directions without constant repositioning. 4K & Full HD Compatibility : Ensures you're ready for modern broadcast standards.: Ensures you're ready for modern broadcast standards. Flexible Mounting : Can be wall-mounted  window-placed  or flat-laid.: Can be wall-mounted  window-placed  or flat-laid. Plug-and-Scan Setup: No tech knowledge needed.The BroadWave Antenna brings together all these elements into one streamlined unit—designed to serve even in tough environments.Rural? Weak signal? This antenna goes CRAZY Best Indoor Antenna 2025BroadWave Antenna ReviewFor several years  we have been caught in this never-ending loop of paying hefty cable bills and artificial satellite bills just to watch our favourite television channels. Every single month the subscription rates have tended to get expensive and sometimes the provider also bundles up channels out of which mostly we might watch just one or two. Even streaming services which were known to be low priced. A couple of years ago they also increased their rates leaving many of our households on the hunt to find some solution that helps us enjoy entertainment at the comfort of our home without burning a hole in our pockets.We currently live in a world where streaming dominated entertainment is trending and in such an environment  traditional television antennas will be outdated. This is where the BroadWave antenna comes in. The BroadWave antenna is a high definition TV antenna designed to air over the air broadcast signals without having the need for any satellite subscription or cable subscriptions. Released in the year 2021 by a company called Tech Wave communications Which is subordinate to the electronics manufacturing company  Global Tech industries  this BroadWave antenna has started gaining popularity at a fast pace in the community that is currently cord cutting. With the BroadWave antenna  you will be able to access your favourite television channels by cutting the cord and enjoying this digital solution to the maximum by eliminating those expensive cable bills. While you are still having access to dozens of channels which are all high definition. In this comprehensive guide  we will be exploring how the BroadWave antenna works  what are its benefits  the setup process  And everything else that you need to know before making the purchase decision.Best Indoor Antenna for rural homes – limited stock available! Grab yours at -50%A short brief introduction to BroadWave AntennaThe company Tech Wave communications proudly showcases BroadWave antenna as their premium flagship product in the space that is currently called cutting and positions this product with enhanced performance with budget alternatives. Physically  the PW antenna has a very modern and sleek design with a really thin profile at just 0.2 inches in thickness and it measures 12 X 14 inches making it the most compact option in the market today. It makes use of a technology that uses advanced signal reception that includes proprietary signal and application  which the manufacturer claims helps receive signals from up to 75 miles away. Situated broadcast towers in optimal conditions. The beat antenna is made from materials such as durable polymer  which are integrated with copper Elements for better reception.This device comes in two different variations: the standard BroadWave antenna and the BroadWave antenna pro that comes along with an extra signal booster meant for environments where perception of signals can be quite challenging. Both the models feature the patented CleanSignal technology  technology of the company  which filters out FM signal interference and cellular signal interference to achieve better sound quality and clear pictures.Understanding its working mechanismThe BroadWave antenna captures OTA television signals  but with several technological enhancements which helps it stand out from the other TV antennas . It functions very similar to the traditional antenna by working on the basic principles of electromagnetic wave reception.But the modern digital technology added to the BroadWave antenna is what makes it stronger. Unlike the regular subscription services that transmit the content via satellite dishes or cables  the BroadWave antenna Will intercept these free broadcast signals which are already moving from the air around your home or office.At the core  this antenna catches radio frequency waves sent out by television stations locally. And the signals travel within the atmosphere and are ready to be received by anybody within the range who are equipped with proper devices. Three main types of broadcast signals are captured by BroadWave antenna  they are:Low VHF bands which are channels ranging from 2 to 6High VHF bands which our channels ranging from 7 to 13UHF bands which are channels ranging from 14 to 65No fees. No subscriptions. Just crystal-clear TV with BroadWave Antenna!When local TV stations send out broadcasts  those signals travel through the air from large transmission towers. The BroadWave Antenna is specifically designed to pick up these signals by aligning with the same frequency range. The fewer obstacles between your antenna and the tower  the better the signal quality you’ll get.After the antenna picks up the broadcast  it sends the signal to your television using a regular coaxial cable. Most modern TVs already come with built-in tuners that recognize and decode these signals  so there’s no need for any extra devices. Just plug the antenna into your TV’s coaxial port  run a quick channel scan  and you’re ready to watch.One of the best things about the BroadWave Antenna is how easy it is to use. There are no apps  no subscriptions  and no tech setup needed. It’s truly a plug-and-play solution — perfect for anyone who wants reliable access to free  over-the-air channels without the hassle.BroadWave Setup Guide: Simple 3-Step InstallConnect the antenna to your TV's coaxial input. Position it near a window or wall for best signal capture. Scan Channels using your TV’s settings menu.Once complete  your free HD channels will be available instantly. Pro tip: Mount higher for better range if you’re in a low valley or heavily wooded area.BroadWave HDTV Antenna – up to 80 mile range  now 50% off. Order here →Benefits of using BroadWave AntennaThe BroadWave antenna provides its consumers with umpteen number of compelling advantages  let’s take a look at some of them:The financial benefits : it is considered as the most significant advantage of owning a BW antenna. Let’s say that with the traditional antenna along with people or satellite subscription bills that will range anywhere between $80 to 1 $50 monthly  but if they switch to an OTA solution like BroadWave antenna  they will be saving up $1800 on a yearly basis. The BroadWave antenna will require your to invest only as a one-time purchase  and it will not come with any regarding fees  contracts  or subscription cost. If you are a budget conscious consumer  then BW antenna is an attractive investment.: it is considered as the most significant advantage of owning a BW antenna. Let’s say that with the traditional antenna along with people or satellite subscription bills that will range anywhere between $80 to 1 $50 monthly  but if they switch to an OTA solution like BroadWave antenna  they will be saving up $1800 on a yearly basis. The BroadWave antenna will require your to invest only as a one-time purchase  and it will not come with any regarding fees  contracts  or subscription cost. If you are a budget conscious consumer  then BW antenna is an attractive investment. Access to your favourite channels and much more : even after the BroadWave antenna eliminated the subscription fees  it still provides its customers access to vital television content such as local news  broadcast channels  emergency information  any major sporting events  channels  and popular network programming. Many customers have already explained how happy they are to watch almost 80 to 90% of their favourite channels with BroadWave antenna for free.: even after the BroadWave antenna eliminated the subscription fees  it still provides its customers access to vital television content such as local news  broadcast channels  emergency information  any major sporting events  channels  and popular network programming. Many customers have already explained how happy they are to watch almost 80 to 90% of their favourite channels with BroadWave antenna for free. Easy  set up process : The installation process is another major benefit as the consumer requires 0 to even minimal technical knowledge for setting up BW and it can be done in under just 15 minutes. All the user has to do is connect the antenna to the television set in its coaxial input port.: The installation process is another major benefit as the consumer requires 0 to even minimal technical knowledge for setting up BW and it can be done in under just 15 minutes. All the user has to do is connect the antenna to the television set in its coaxial input port. Excellent build: from the quality perspective  the BroadWave antenna impresses with its lightweight and durable construction. The primary reception panel comes encased in a polymer shell  which is weather resistant and UV protected to prevent any form of degradation when it is exposed to sun. The antenna has an IP54 rating for its constructions which makes it suitable for both outdoor and indoor installation. The antonym features gold plated F type connectors that fight against corrosion while ensuring optimal conductivity.Where can one purchase BroadWave Antenna? What’s the price?Although the BroadWave antenna is available across several retail channels  we always encourage you to purchase it from the official website only as it ensures that 100% authentic product is delivered at your doorstep . In addition to this  purchasing from the official site  will give you an opportunity to enjoy promotional discounts and offers  bundle deals  and special pricing. The pricing is as follows:One BroadWave antenna is at 50% discount and priced at $39.95Two BroadWave antenna is at 55% discount and priced at $35.98 per unitThree BroadWave antenna is at 65% discount and priced at $29.95 per unitFour BroadWave antenna is at 70% discount and priced at $25.95 per unitThe company also provides a 30 days money back guarantee. However  we recommend that the customers read all the terms and conditions of the return and refund policy.Real User Reviews: What Rural Users Are SayingTracy H. – Boone  NC“We live between two mountain ridges  and no antenna worked—until BroadWave. Now we get over 35 channels  all in crystal-clear HD.”George P. – Twin Falls  ID“It’s the only antenna that pulled in FOX and NBC from over 90 miles away. Super easy to install too.”Lana M. – Waco  TX“Was skeptical at first  but setup was smooth  and now I get my local news and weather without lag.”Dennis B. – Sioux Falls  SD“BroadWave outperformed my old Leaf and never needs adjustment. For rural homes  it’s a clear win.”Struggling with weak signals? BroadWave Antenna is the fix. Claim deal →FAQs About Indoor Antennas & BroadWaveQ: How many channels can I get in rural areas?A: Users report access to 30–50+ channels depending on location and weather.Q: Is BroadWave better than outdoor antennas?A: For many  yes—especially if they want an easier indoor setup without climbing rooftops.Q: Will it work with my smart TV?A: Yes. It connects via the antenna port and functions independently of your internet.Q: What do Reddit and online forums say?A: Many rural users share success stories about finally getting consistent signal without dropouts.Q: Does rain affect the reception?A: Not significantly. However  placing it near a window and keeping it elevated helps.Pros of using the BroadWave AntennaNo monthly fees : there are no recurring cost and that is one of the major advantages of BW antenna. Unlike other satellite cable or streaming services that require monthly payments  the BW antenna is a one time  investment and purchase. This makes it extraordinary cost-effective: there are no recurring cost and that is one of the major advantages of BW antenna. Unlike other satellite cable or streaming services that require monthly payments  the BW antenna is a one time  investment and purchase. This makes it extraordinary cost-effective Superior quality in pictures : Civil customers have described house surprise and happy to see that OTA broadcast delivered high definition quality pictures compared to satellite or cable television. Chris and clear images with a resolution of up to 1080P are delivered as the antenna in VW receives uncompressed digital signals directly from the towers that broadcast. The users will experience sharper details  vibrant colours.: Civil customers have described house surprise and happy to see that OTA broadcast delivered high definition quality pictures compared to satellite or cable television. Chris and clear images with a resolution of up to 1080P are delivered as the antenna in VW receives uncompressed digital signals directly from the towers that broadcast. The users will experience sharper details  vibrant colours. Signal compatibility : The BW antenna captures the full spectrum of digital signals broadcasted. It receives VHF and UHF bands  ensuring compatibility with every single OTA channel available in North America.: The BW antenna captures the full spectrum of digital signals broadcasted. It receives VHF and UHF bands  ensuring compatibility with every single OTA channel available in North America. Plug-in and play: several other complex entertainment systems that need professional installation or critical technical expertise  the BW antenna comes with a straightforward setup process which can be done by anyone. All that the antenna requires is for you to simply connect the antenna to the coaxial port of your television  and you are set!No cable. No contracts. Just clear TV. Order the Best HDTV Antenna →Cons of using the BroadWave AntennaWhile the BW antenna does offer numerous benefits  we also would like to drink for certain limitations that some users faced while using the antenna. Let’s have a look at some of the drawbacks:Geographic limitations : yes  the beat of your antenna is heavily dependent on geographic locations. The reception quality tends to vary dramatically based on your distance from the broadcasting towers  local infrastructure  and the surrounding area. While urban and suburban dwellers will experience excellent results  those in rural areas may find the antenna’s performance a little challenging.: yes  the beat of your antenna is heavily dependent on geographic locations. The reception quality tends to vary dramatically based on your distance from the broadcasting towers  local infrastructure  and the surrounding area. While urban and suburban dwellers will experience excellent results  those in rural areas may find the antenna’s performance a little challenging. Structural interferences : like any other indoor and outdoor  the BW antenna also suffers from degraded signals because of structures and building materials in the way.: like any other indoor and outdoor  the BW antenna also suffers from degraded signals because of structures and building materials in the way. Environmental factors: the weather conditions substantially impact the BW and capabilities. Snowstorms  heavy rain  or dense fog  can weaken signals temporarily causing reception problems.Special Offer: BroadWave Antenna Is Available With 50% Discount!BroadWave vs. Other Indoor AntennasHere’s how BroadWave compares to other models commonly used in remote areas:ClearStream EclipseStrong in urban zones but weaker beyond 50 miles.Adhesive mounting isn't ideal for all wall types.No built-in booster in base model.Mohu Leaf 50Well-reviewed but slightly lower reception range.Performance drops significantly in mountainous zones.GE UltraProAffordable  but lacks strong amplification for rural households.Signal strength varies based on exact placement.✅ BroadWave AdvantageExtended range up to 80 milesReliable multi-directional captureBuilt-in amplifier includedBuilt to work without frequent adjustmentsFor households outside urban cores  BroadWave offers more consistent performance without the price hike.ConclusionAfter doing comprehensive analysis of everything that BroadWave antenna has to offer  we can say that if you are a person living in urban or suburban areas  this particular cordless antenna will be the most beneficial investment. The fact that it comes with an easy setup  process  and will eliminate your monthly subscription billing  You will enjoy several dozens of free HD quality channels  the BroadWave antenna is definitely worth trying . The company also offers excellent deals and a good 30-day money back guarantee which makes your investment risk free. This antenna is well suited for secondary televisions in kitchens or bedrooms or where premium content access is very crucial. This leak design ensures that it occupies less space while providing excellent results in terms of reception of signals. Gone are the other days where you found yourself frustrated over monthly payments for acting good entertainment  with BW antenna  you will be able to enjoy the entertaining part of media as well as essential channels to keep you updated about what is happening across the globe.Visit the official BroadWave site to check availability and current pricing before the next restock cycleHow to Improve Indoor Antenna Performance in Rural AreasEven the most powerful antenna can fall short if not placed or configured properly. If you're using BroadWave or any high-range model in a rural setting  these small adjustments can greatly enhance signal strength:Elevate the antenna : Higher placement typically results in better line-of-sight to broadcast towers. Try second-floor windows or wall mounting.: Higher placement typically results in better line-of-sight to broadcast towers. Try second-floor windows or wall mounting. Avoid electronics : Keep your antenna away from routers  microwaves  or metal appliances to reduce signal interference.: Keep your antenna away from routers  microwaves  or metal appliances to reduce signal interference. Use a signal map : Free online tools like the FCC DTV Map or apps such as ""Antenna Point"" can help you find the closest tower directions.: Free online tools like the FCC DTV Map or apps such as ""Antenna Point"" can help you find the closest tower directions. Angle experimentation : While BroadWave captures signals in 360°  slight repositioning can still refine performance.: While BroadWave captures signals in 360°  slight repositioning can still refine performance. Rescan frequently: Broadcasting networks occasionally adjust frequencies. A fresh channel scan ensures you're getting all available options.Simple tweaks like these can transform a weak  pixelated feed into reliable  crisp HD channels—even in off-grid regions.Best Indoor Antenna for rural homes – limited stock available! Grab yours →BroadWave Antenna vs. Satellite TV: Cost & PerformanceFor rural viewers  satellite TV is often marketed as the only viable choice. However  it comes with hidden downsides:Monthly contracts and fees : Most satellite services charge $60–$100 monthly  adding up quickly over a year.: Most satellite services charge $60–$100 monthly  adding up quickly over a year. Weather disruptions : Snow  heavy rain  or storms can interrupt satellite signals—a major drawback in rural zones with harsh weather.: Snow  heavy rain  or storms can interrupt satellite signals—a major drawback in rural zones with harsh weather. Installation costs : Many providers charge extra for dish setup and technician visits.: Many providers charge extra for dish setup and technician visits. Equipment rental: Hidden equipment leasing fees often apply.In contrast  BroadWave is a one-time purchase with no recurring charges. Once installed  it delivers free access to major networks with dependable reception—even in bad weather. It also doesn’t require any subscription or installation service  making it a smart  budget-friendly alternative for long-term use.Who Should Buy BroadWave Antenna?BroadWave isn’t just for one type of viewer—it’s tailored for anyone who wants quality TV access without ongoing costs or complex setups:Rural homeowners : Perfect for properties far from broadcast towers where traditional antennas fail.: Perfect for properties far from broadcast towers where traditional antennas fail. Cabin or RV owners : Portable and easy to reposition  ideal for mobile or semi-permanent setups.: Portable and easy to reposition  ideal for mobile or semi-permanent setups. Senior citizens : Hassle-free and cost-effective  with no learning curve or subscriptions.: Hassle-free and cost-effective  with no learning curve or subscriptions. Cord-cutters: Want live news  sports  and local channels to complement streaming platforms? BroadWave fills the OTA gap.It’s also a solid backup during internet outages or emergencies  ensuring you stay connected to local alerts and news broadcasts.Don’t wait till BroadWave Antenna gone! Best Indoor Antenna flying off shelves!Can You Use BroadWave With Streaming Devices?Yes—combining BroadWave with your favorite streaming stick or smart TV makes for a complete  cable-free entertainment setup. Here’s how:Use HDMI for streaming : Devices like Roku  Fire Stick  or Apple TV plug into your TV’s HDMI port  delivering apps and on-demand content.: Devices like Roku  Fire Stick  or Apple TV plug into your TV’s HDMI port  delivering apps and on-demand content. Use BroadWave via coax : The antenna connects to your TV’s coaxial input for live OTA broadcasts.: The antenna connects to your TV’s coaxial input for live OTA broadcasts. Dual input setup: With one TV remote  you can easily toggle between live channels and streaming apps.This hybrid approach gives you both live sports  local news  and premium content—without paying a cable company.Troubleshooting: Common Setup Mistakes & FixesIf your antenna setup isn’t delivering the results you expected  the problem might not be with the product. Here are common mistakes and quick fixes:Didn’t scan for channels : After connecting  always scan for available broadcasts using your TV’s setup menu.: After connecting  always scan for available broadcasts using your TV’s setup menu. Poor placement : Moving the antenna closer to a window or higher on a wall often resolves weak reception.: Moving the antenna closer to a window or higher on a wall often resolves weak reception. Too much interference : Electronics or metal surfaces near the antenna can degrade signal—try relocating it.: Electronics or metal surfaces near the antenna can degrade signal—try relocating it. Using long coax cables: Excessively long or cheap coaxial cables can cause signal loss. Stick to high-quality  shorter lengths when possible.Following these simple steps can quickly restore clear  reliable channels—even in tougher signal zones.Unlock 50+ channels in minutes – Shop the Best Indoor Antenna now →Indoor vs. Outdoor Antennas: Which is Right for You?While outdoor antennas have long been preferred in rural areas  indoor models like BroadWave now challenge that narrative. Here's a quick comparison:Outdoor Antennas✅ Often higher gain❌ Require rooftop or pole mounting❌ Susceptible to weather damage❌ Professional installation often neededBroadWave Indoor Antenna✅ 250+ mile range and 360° coverage✅ No climbing or drilling✅ Protected from the elements✅ Quick plug-and-scan installUnless you live in an extremely remote location with signal-blocking terrain  BroadWave can meet or exceed outdoor performance—without the inconvenience  maintenance  or cost.Final Verdict: Is BroadWave the Best Indoor Antenna in 2025?If you're tired of unreliable reception and want a no-fuss solution that works  BroadWave is a top-tier choice for 2025 . Its long-distance range  built-in amplifier  and plug-and-play convenience make it an ideal fit for remote households and cabins.Compared to popular models  BroadWave consistently delivers more channels  clearer visuals  and better ease of use—all without monthly fees or climbing ladders to install.For rural living  it’s one of the most capable antennas available today.Project name: BroadWaveStraight Commerce Inc. 100 Church Street  8th Floor New York  NY 10007  United StatesMedia Contact:Full Name - Neil BowersCompany website: https://get-broadwaveantenna.com/email: help@spark-tek.co+14242504182Disclosure: This article is for informational purposes only and does not constitute medical advice. The content may include affiliate links  meaning we may earn a commission if you purchase through recommended links. Always consult a healthcare professional before starting any new supplement regimen.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.19,0.4,True,English,"['BroadWave HD TV Antenna Review', 'Best Indoor Antenna', 'Rural Reception', 'Signal Boost', 'high definition TV antenna', 'CRAZY Best Indoor Antenna', 'clear, consistent viewing', 'expensive service fees', 'Zero monthly fees', 'one streamlined unit', 'modern broadcast standards', 'New York City', 'poor channel availability', 'artificial satellite bills', 'favourite television channels', 'Global Tech industries', 'frequent signal loss', 'Full HD Compatibility', 'traditional television antennas', 'limited channel access', 'One standout solution', 'wide reception angles', 'hefty cable bills', 'electronics manufacturing company', 'BroadWave HDTV Antenna', 'The BroadWave Antenna', 'Many indoor antennas', 'other popular options', 'local TV channels', 'Powerful Signal Reception', 'Top Indoor Antenna', 'frustrating signal dropouts', 'BroadWave Antenna Review', 'rural signal challenges', 'air broadcast signals', 'poor signal', 'HD TV', 'TV Reception', 'city centers', 'local broadcasts', 'tech knowledge', 'satellite subscription', 'signal transmission', 'Signal Range', 'Weak signal', 'top pick', 'broadcast towers', 'signal towers', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'digital subscriptions', 'rural regions', 'increasing distance', 'essential tools', 'high-definition clarity', 'low-signal zones', 'significant segment', 'broadband infrastructure', 'major networks', 'High-definition quality', 'backup solutions', 'internet-based services', 'reliable access', 'long-range models', 'Rural environments', 'unique obstacles', 'Greater distance', 'Weather interference', 'open terrain', 'strong amplification', 'ideal locations', 'common headaches', 'suburban area', '150+ miles', 'Multidirectional Capability', 'multiple directions', 'constant repositioning', 'Flexible Mounting', 'tough environments', 'several years', 'ending loop', 'cable subscriptions', 'fast pace', 'streaming platforms', 'Rural Areas', 'robust performance', 'subscription rates', 'streaming services', 'May', 'Introduction', 'age', 'value', 'millions', 'country', 'remote', 'free', 'screens', 'mind', 'households', 'attention', 'growth', 'viewers', 'ABC', 'CBS', 'FOX', 'NBC', 'PBS', 'devices', 'emergencies', 'cord', 'Obstructions', 'hills', 'trees', 'buildings', 'conditions', 'less', 'mold', 'features', 'Amplifier', '4K', 'Scan', 'Setup', 'elements', 'provider', 'hunt', 'entertainment', 'comfort', 'home', 'hole', 'pockets', 'world', 'need', 'popularity', 'community', '2025']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50788,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.pressetext.com/news/umt-ag-publishes-annual-report-2024.html,UMT United Mobility Technology AG: UMT AG publishes Annual Report 2024,"UMT United Mobility Technology AG (""UMT AG"") published its Annual Report 2024 today.  UMT AG recorded a gross profit of TEUR 225 for the past financial year (previous year: TEUR 553). Revenues amounted to TEUR 116 (previous year: TEUR 216).","pta20250521019Business news for the stock marketUMT United Mobility Technology AG: UMT AG publishes Annual Report 2024München (pta019/21.05.2025/13:23 UTC+2)UMT United Mobility Technology AG (""UMT AG"") published its Annual Report 2024 today.UMT AG recorded a gross profit of TEUR 225 for the past financial year (previous year: TEUR 553). Revenues amounted to TEUR 116 (previous year: TEUR 216). Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) amounted to TEUR -778 in the reporting year (previous year: TEUR -150). Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) improved to TEUR -779 (previous year: TEUR -31 539). Earnings before taxes (EBT) amounted to TEUR -988 (previous year: TEUR -31 474). UMT AG closed financial year 2024 with a net loss for the year of TEUR -988 (previous year: TEUR -31 492).In the past year  the focus was on restructuring the company and positioning and further developing the proprietary AI solution ""UMS Vision AI"". In the second half of 2024 and early 2025 in particular  this was greatly improved and continuously made more powerful in collaboration with specialists in the USA and India and together with customers from various industries. UMT AG uses its expertise in this area: Depending on the industry and area of application  different AI models are used simultaneously or sequentially to achieve the best possible results. The focus of the UMS Vision AI solution is always on generating added value for the customer through the meaningful optimization of business processes.""A key advantage of UMS Vision AI is that the direct benefits are immediately apparent to our customers without any training. We solve the interface problem in a simple way and reliably read  check and process even the most complex content  adapted to the respective customer process. Our particular expertise here is the appropriate composition of multiple AI models  tailored to the respective customer requirements  with comparatively low development costs. To address customers across Europe  the sales department was also developed into a professional B2B sales funnel. This structures the sales process in several stages - from the initial contact through to closing the deal. Thanks to automated processes and a targeted approach  we can now efficiently identify potential customers  provide them with individual support and retain them in the long term. We work together with professional sales partners and are constantly increasing the number of so-called ""sales qualified leads"". Over the past few months  this has not only enabled us to acquire more new customers  but has also significantly reduced the time from initial contact to closing the deal. We therefore expect strong overall growth both for 2025 and for the years to come "" says Erik Nagel  CEO of UMT AG.The 2024 Annual Report is available on the company's website under Financial Reports.About UMT AG:UMT United Mobility Technology AG  headquartered in Munich  is a leading company for AI-supported process automation. With its innovative ""UMS Vision AI"" solution  the listed company is on course for growth with customers throughout Europe. By combining technology and consulting  UMT AG offers holistic AI solutions tailored to the individual needs of its customers.UMT United Mobility Technology AG shares (WKN: A2YN70  ISIN: DE000A2YN702) are traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and are listed on the Basic Board of Deutsche Börse AG.(end)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.26,0.24,True,English,"['UMT United Mobility Technology AG', 'UMT AG', 'Annual Report', 'UMT United Mobility Technology AG shares', 'innovative ""UMS Vision AI"" solution', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'UMS Vision AI solution', 'professional B2B sales funnel', 'proprietary AI solution', 'different AI models', 'multiple AI models', 'holistic AI solutions', 'professional sales partners', 'best possible results', 'low development costs', 'sales qualified leads', 'AI-supported process automation', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'respective customer requirements', 'respective customer process', 'strong overall growth', 'The 2024 Annual Report', 'UMT AG', 'past financial year', 'sales process', 'sales department', 'stock market', 'Business news', 'München', 'gross profit', 'previous year', 'reporting year', 'net loss', 'past year', 'second half', 'various industries', 'added value', 'meaningful optimization', 'business processes', 'key advantage', 'direct benefits', 'interface problem', 'simple way', 'complex content', 'appropriate composition', 'several stages', 'initial contact', 'automated processes', 'targeted approach', 'individual support', 'long term', 'Erik Nagel', 'Financial Reports', 'individual needs', 'Basic Board', 'particular expertise', 'potential customers', 'new customers', 'leading company', 'TEUR', 'Revenues', 'Earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'EBITDA', 'EBT', 'focus', 'collaboration', 'specialists', 'USA', 'India', 'area', 'industry', 'application', 'training', 'Europe', 'deal', 'number', 'months', 'time', 'years', 'CEO', 'website', 'Munich', 'course', 'consulting', 'WKN', 'A2YN70', 'ISIN', '2025']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,pressetext.com
50789,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.moneyweb.co.za/mny_sens/deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-appoints-gpep-for-asset-and-property-management/,DEUTSCHE KONSUM REIT-AG – Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG appoints GPEP for asset and property management,Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) (‘The Company’) has appointed GPEP GmbH  based in Limburg  to take over the asset  property  and transaction management for its real estate portfolio,Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) (‘The Company’) has appointed GPEP GmbH  based in Limburg  to take over the asset  property  and transaction management for its real estate portfolio,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE KONSUM REIT-AG', 'property management', 'GPEP', 'asset', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'real estate portfolio', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', 'The Company', 'GPEP GmbH', 'transaction management', 'Limburg', 'asset', 'property']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,moneyweb.co.za
50790,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1109576212/Deutsche-Boerse-Euronext-Step-Up-Battle-Against-IPO-Flight-To-US,Deutsche Boerse  Euronext Step Up Battle Against IPO Flight To US,Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. comp,"Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. competition  with marketing and research challenging the perception that New York-listed companies fetch higher valuations.Stock exchanges in Europe and the UK have been hit by a drought of IPOs over the past two years and a number of local firms choosing to float or move primary listings to the U.S. for its deeper pools of capital and potentially higher valuations.Deutsche Boerse  which operates the Frankfurt Stock Exchange  is warning of sluggish post-IPO performance  higher costs and the threat of litigation for firms that list in the U.S.  according to a document shared with German companies and IPO advisers in recent weeks  and Reuters.It found that about two-thirds of companies that listed in Europe  including Germany  rose on their first day of trading  while only about half of European companies that listed in the U.S. gained on their market debuts. Over time the IPOs from the region also fared better in Europe than in the United States.The data doesn't mention valuation at IPO  but the exchange highlighted in its report several examples of European-listed companies trading at a premium to U.S.-listed peers.Euronext  which operates seven markets in cities including Amsterdam and Paris  is also planning to reissue a similar paper challenging the belief that U.S.-listed firms attract higher valuations than their European peers  its spokesperson told Reuters.""We really see more a competition  if you will  between Europe and the U.S. market in terms of listings  rather than within Europe "" Stefan Maassen  head of capital markets and corporates at Deutsche Boerse told Reuters.Exchanges earn fees from companies that list on their platforms and from brokers for trading of securities  and are seen as critical by policymakers to attract investment.DEEPER MARKETSEuropean officials have been looking for ways to deepen the continent's capital markets as the depth and size of U.S. markets are a draw for those eyeing a listing.The SP500 index has a market capitalisation of $49.5 trillion  almost four times that of Europe's Stoxx 600  according to LSEG data based on Monday's closing prices. European officials are also considering new listing rules to improve access to financing. The efforts by Deutsche Boerse and Euronext to curb New York's allure for European firms echo those of the London Stock Exchange which circulated a“mythbusting” document in March  questioning the perception that U.S.-listed companies attract higher valuations than those in London.Deutsche Boerse also said in its document it found that the share prices of U.S. listed German companies have fallen 13% on average since 2004  naming internet company trivago and retailer Mytheresa which have both fallen since floating  while issuers in Frankfurt saw a 24% rise.Around 130 European companies worth a combined $667 billion opted to either float or move their primary listing to the United States over the past decade  according to research by capital markets think tank  New Financial.However  70% of those are trading below their listing price with an overall average fall of 9%  according to the think tank.""We need to make our advantages more visible  and not just globally  but finally also on our own doorstep "" Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing said on Tuesday in a speech in Berlin  commenting on the relocation of European company listings to the U.S.Deutsche Boerse warned cross-border listed companies face potentially greater risks of lawsuits. To be sure  some market participants argue the risk of litigation gives shareholders paths to redress.Tariff-induced turmoil roiling U.S. markets could also lift the appeal of European markets  exchange executives say.Some market players  like Eva-Maria Wiecko  Head of Equity Market Solutions  Germany and Austria at Rothschild Co  are more sceptical.While the U.S. equity market has seen inflows in recent years  European markets have largely experienced outflows.""The recent re-balancing is only a fraction of these numbers  underscoring the continued relative strength of the U.S. market "" Wiecko said.",neutral,0.0,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'IPO Flight', 'Euronext', 'Battle', 'US', 'Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing', 'U.S. listed German companies', 'local initial public offerings', 'major stock exchange operators', 'U.S.-listed peers', 'U.S.-listed companies', 'U.S.-listed firms', 'U.S. equity market', 'capital markets think tank', 'cross-border listed companies', 'Equity Market Solutions', 'sluggish post-IPO performance', 'The SP500 index', 'internet company trivago', 'continued relative strength', 'U.S. market', 'U.S. competition', 'New York-listed companies', 'past two years', 'overall average fall', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'new listing rules', 'European company listings', 'local firms', 'European peers', 'market debuts', 'market capitalisation', 'market participants', 'market players', 'European companies', 'exchange executives', 'European markets', 'Stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'European-listed companies', 'past decade', 'New Financial', 'recent years', 'seven markets', 'DEEPER MARKETS', 'European firms', 'European officials', 'higher valuations', 'primary listings', 'deeper pools', 'higher costs', 'recent weeks', 'first day', 'United States', 'several examples', 'similar paper', 'Stefan Maassen', 'closing prices', 'share prices', 'listing price', 'greater risks', 'Tariff-induced turmoil', 'Rothschild Co', 'recent re-balancing', 'IPO advisers', 'LSEG data', 'Eva-Maria Wiecko', 'mythbusting” document', 'efforts', 'face', 'marketing', 'research', 'perception', 'UK', 'drought', 'IPOs', 'number', 'warning', 'threat', 'litigation', 'Reuters', 'two-thirds', 'Germany', 'trading', 'half', 'time', 'region', 'report', 'premium', 'Euronext', 'cities', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', 'belief', 'spokesperson', 'terms', 'head', 'corporates', 'fees', 'platforms', 'brokers', 'securities', 'policymakers', 'investment', 'ways', 'continent', 'depth', 'size', 'draw', 'Stoxx', 'Monday', 'access', 'financing', 'allure', 'March', 'retailer', 'Mytheresa', 'issuers', '24% rise', 'advantages', 'doorstep', 'Tuesday', 'speech', 'Berlin', 'relocation', 'lawsuits', 'shareholders', 'paths', 'appeal', 'Austria', 'inflows', 'outflows', 'fraction']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,menafn.com
50791,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://deadline.com/2025/05/mediawan-interview-slow-horses-adolescence-1236405408/,Mediawan’s Moment: How A French Producer Became A Magnet For The Storytellers Behind ‘Adolescence’ & ‘Slow Horses’,EXCLUSIVE: Ask Elisabeth d’Arvieu about the movies that inspire her and she suddenly sparkles with enthusiasm. “The Godfather  obviously ” the Mediawan Pictures CEO offers  before reminiscing about childhood memories of “all the Hitchcocks” and Brian De Palma…,EXCLUSIVE: Ask Elisabeth d’Arvieu about the movies that inspire her and she suddenly sparkles with enthusiasm. “The Godfather  obviously ” the Mediawan Pictures CEO offers  before reminiscing about childhood memories of “all the Hitchcocks” and Brian De Palma’s early work. By this point  she’s late for her next appointment  but can’t help unspooling a list that spans Parasite and Emilia Pérez  the latter of which she has seen three times. “I’ve been obsessed with movies since I was a little child ” d’Arvieu laughs.It’s a small window on what is making Mediawan magnetic for some of the world’s top creatives  not least Brad Pitt’s Plan B and Florian Zeller’s Blue Morning Pictures. Those within the group talk animatedly about the light-touch leadership of d’Arvieu and CEO Pierre-Antoine Capton  as well as the simple  straightforward creative conversations they share. “They are good people in it for the right reasons ” says Roanna Benn  co-CEO of Drama Republic  the U.K. producer behind Netflix hit series One Day.Elisabeth d’ArvieuFounded a decade ago  Mediawan may not be the young pretender it once was  but it remains a disruptor. The company enters the Cannes Film Festival with a couple of fresh feathers in its cap: Plan B’s Netflix smash hit Adolescence  which reframed the conversation around male violence; and its latest acquisition  See-Saw  the British-Australian production company behind Slow Horses and The King’s Speech.Watch on DeadlineDeadline understands that Mediawan’s 51% stake in See-Saw values the company at around £100 million ($130 million) after it posted revenues of £116 million last year. See-Saw’s joint CEOs Emile Sherman and Iain Canning says the current market “rewards companies with access to larger producer networks” and they felt an “immediate creative and cultural affinity” with Mediawan.Thomas Dey  the CEO of ACF  the investment bank that brokered the See-Saw deal  describes the Heartstopper producer as being quietly multifaceted. He points to its bases in London and Australia  its film and TV slate  and its “treasure trove” of IP  which includes The NeverEnding Story  a franchise currently being readied for a big-screen revival. “Some of the buyers came in and almost learned about how [See-Saw is set up] ” Dey adds.When asked for her elevator pitch to potential new partners  d’Arvieu launches into a 10-minute monologue in which she espouses “complete independence ” finance for IP buys  a sales arm that can bridge funding gaps  and direct access to Mediawan’s leadership team. Mediawan also tends to acquire with cash and share options  an uncommon offer that it hopes incentivizes production partners to strive for group growth. Plan B’s co-president Dede Gardner says: “They’ve been supportive and very true to their word. When we first met  they said: ‘We just want you guys to keep being you and doing what you do.’ They’ve honored that.”‘Adolescence’“A couple of years ago  we were not the first studio [sellers] would think of ” d’Arvieu continues. “Now  as we’ve been growing and building our reputation in the market  more of them reach out to us naturally.”Dey  who regularly deals with all the major European production groups  says Mediawan was firm but fair in negotiations. “We did all our dancing and waving our hands  and they cut through the middle of it ” he says.Mediawan’s website says it was founded with one goal: to “create a space where creativity could thrive.” But what does commercial success look like? D’Arvieu is emphatic that Mediawan does not have a revenue target like some rivals (maybe wise after Fremantle’s €3 billion—$3.4 billion—target was kicked into the long grass earlier this year). After combining with German giant Leonine Studios in 2024  Mediawan revealed that it had sales of €1 billion  which is less than a third of its French compatriot  Banijay. D’Arvieu says private equity backers  including KKR  “continue to support” and are not looking for an exit after investing as part of Mediawan’s de-listing from the Paris Euronext in 2020. Others note that five years can be a point at which venture capitalists get itchy feet.“KKR wants to send a message that scale will bring higher margins ” says François Godard  a senior media analyst at Enders Analysis. “The M&A scene will continue to be dynamic  so we can expect Mediawan to keep growing.” The company refinanced last year  raising a €500 million loan and a €225 million revolving credit facility  which analysts say will fund acquisitions. D’Arvieu says Mediawan is unlikely to embark on a shopping “frenzy”  but will instead target partners that share the same “artistic vision as us”.Bono poses during the ‘Bono: Stories Of Surrender’ photocall at the Cannes Film FestivalD’Arvieu spoke to Deadline on the day that Cannes unveiled its 2025 official selection. Mediawan has two titles in the mix: Bono: Stories of Surrender  Plan B’s Apple TV+ documentary about the U2 frontman; and Sylvain Chomet’s animation The Magnificent Life of Marcel Pagnol. D’Arvieu says the latter is “super exciting” because it speaks to Mediawan’s DNA  melding a talented (and Oscar-nominated) director with a French cultural icon  the late writer and director Pagnol. And with that  d’Arvieu’s mind is once again in the movies.This feature originally appeared in Deadline’s Disruptors/Cannes. Read the digital edition here.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.26,0.45,True,English,"['French Producer', 'Slow Horses', 'Mediawan', 'Moment', 'Magnet', 'Storytellers', 'Adolescence', 'simple, straightforward creative conversations', 'major European production groups', '€225 million revolving credit facility', 'Cannes Film Festival D’Arvieu', 'Brian De Palma', 'Emilia Pérez', 'Blue Morning Pictures', 'president Dede Gardner', 'first studio [sellers', 'giant Leonine Studios', 'private equity backers', 'François Godard', 'senior media analyst', 'same “artistic vision', 'Apple TV+ documentary', 'U.K. producer', 'larger producer networks', 'The NeverEnding Story', 'M&A scene', 'The Magnificent Life', 'CEO Pierre-Antoine Capton', 'potential new partners', 'British-Australian production company', 'Elisabeth d’Arvieu', 'Mediawan Pictures CEO', 'immediate creative', 'production partners', '€500 million loan', 'Heartstopper producer', 'The Godfather', 'The King', 'a third', 'childhood memories', 'early work', 'next appointment', 'little child', 'small window', 'top creatives', 'Brad Pitt', 'Plan B', 'Florian Zeller', 'light-touch leadership', 'good people', 'right reasons', 'Roanna Benn', 'Drama Republic', 'young pretender', 'fresh feathers', 'male violence', 'latest acquisition', 'Slow Horses', 'joint CEOs', 'Emile Sherman', 'Iain Canning', 'cultural affinity', 'investment bank', 'TV slate', 'treasure trove', 'big-screen revival', 'elevator pitch', '10-minute monologue', 'complete independence', 'funding gaps', 'leadership team', 'share options', 'uncommon offer', 'one goal', 'commercial success', 'revenue target', 'long grass', 'French compatriot', 'Paris Euronext', 'five years', 'venture capitalists', 'itchy feet', 'higher margins', 'Enders Analysis', '2025 official selection', 'two titles', 'U2 frontman', 'Sylvain Chomet', 'Marcel Pagnol', 'One Day', 'Netflix smash', 'current market', 'IP buys', 'sales arm', 'direct access', 'group growth', 'Surrender’ photocall', 'Thomas Dey', 'See-Saw deal', 'movies', 'enthusiasm', 'Hitchcocks', 'Parasite', 'world', 'series', 'disruptor', 'couple', 'Adolescence', 'Speech', 'Deadline', '51% stake', 'revenues', 'companies', 'ACF', 'bases', 'London', 'franchise', 'buyers', 'finance', 'cash', 'word', 'guys', 'reputation', 'negotiations', 'dancing', 'hands', 'middle', 'website', 'space', 'creativity', 'rivals', 'Fremantle', 'German', 'less', 'Banijay', 'KKR', 'exit', 'listing', 'Others', 'message', 'scale', 'analysts', 'acquisitions', 'shopping', 'Bono', 'Stories', 'mix', 'animation']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,deadline.com
50792,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084589/0/en/STG-A-S-Interim-consolidated-financial-statements-of-Scandinavian-Tobacco-Group-A-S.html,STG A/S - Interim consolidated financial statements of Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S,Company   Announcement – Euronext DublinNo. 02/2025  Copenhagen  20 May 2025    STG A/S - Interim consolidated financial statements of Scandinavian...,Company Announcement – Euronext DublinNo. 02/2025Copenhagen  20 May 2025STG A/S - Interim consolidated financial statements of Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/SOn 20 May 2025  Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S published its consolidated interim report for 1 January – 31 March 2025.The company announcement of Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S relating to the published interim report is available at: https://www.st-group.com/investor/news/.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Interim consolidated financial statements', 'Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S', 'STG A/S', 'Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S', 'Interim consolidated financial statements', 'STG A/S', 'interim report', 'Company Announcement', 'Euronext Dublin', 'No.', 'Copenhagen', '20 May', '1 January', '31 March', 'investor', 'news', 'Attachment']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084559/0/en/Extension-of-the-Convertible-Loan-Note-Offer-by-ASC-Energy-PLC.html,Extension of the Convertible Loan Note Offer by ASC Energy PLC,The Company  the Euronext-listed ultimate parent of ASC Energy PLC  announces an extension to the Right of First Refusal (“RoFR”) process for the proposed issuance of new ASC Energy PLC Convertible Loan Notes  maturing in 2056 issued by ASC Energy PLC.,The Company  the Euronext-listed ultimate parent of ASC Energy PLC  announces an extension to the Right of First Refusal (“RoFR”) process for the proposed issuance of new ASC Energy PLC Convertible Loan Notes  maturing in 2056 issued by ASC Energy PLC.Please see the full press release attached.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Convertible Loan Note', 'ASC Energy PLC', 'Extension', 'new ASC Energy PLC Convertible Loan Notes', 'Euronext-listed ultimate parent', 'full press release', 'The Company', 'First Refusal', 'RoFR”) process', 'extension', 'Right', 'issuance', 'Attachment']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3085183/0/en/EVS-Communicates-the-Results-of-the-Ordinary-General-Meeting.html,EVS Communicates the Results of the Ordinary General Meeting,EVS COMMUNICATES THE RESULTS OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING   EVS Broadcast Equipment SA  leading provider of live video production systems  held its......,EVS COMMUNICATES THE RESULTS OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGEVS Broadcast Equipment SA  leading provider of live video production systems  held its Ordinary General Meeting on May 20  2025.In total 154 shareholders representing 3 726 794 shares  or 26.01% of the company shares  attended (by proxy and physically) the Ordinary General Meeting held physically at the company's registered office.All the resolutions have been approved  i.e.:- The remuneration report  the discharge of the Directors and the Auditor;- The 2024 annual accounts and the allocation of profits  including a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 for fiscal year 2024 (such dividend is made up  on the one hand  of the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 gross per existing share  paid in November 2024 and  on the other hand  of a balance of EUR 0.60 gross per share payable upon detachment of the coupon 38);The renewal of the mandate of 7 Capital SRL  represented by Mrs. Chantal De Vrieze  as Director;The appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers SRL as statutory auditor for the coming three years.Due to the lack of attendance quorum  the Extraordinary General Meeting convened on the same day has been postponed to June 10  2025  at 12:00 pm.All documents relating to the Ordinary General Meeting of May 20  2025  including a summary of the votes  can be found on our company website www.evs.com.About EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit – Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 – Email: v.dewit@evs.comSébastien Verlaine – Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerTel: +32 4 361 5809 – Email: s.verlaine@evs.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'EVS', 'Results', 'gripping live sports images', 'Mrs. Chantal De Vrieze', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video production systems', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'Veerle De Wit', 'live video technology', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'coming three years', 'entire production process', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'new media productions', 'total gross dividend', 'production teams', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Media Contacts', 'financial condition', 'new technologies', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'remuneration report', '2024 annual accounts', 'fiscal year', 'one hand', 'interim dividend', 'other hand', '7 Capital SRL', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SRL', 'attendance quorum', 'same day', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'Liège', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'Senior Brand', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'existing share', 'forward-looking statements', 'market share', 'statutory auditor', 'one industry', 'unanticipated events', 'actual results', 'company website', 'public company', 'EVS solutions', 'company shares', '3,726,794 shares', 'May', '154 shareholders', 'proxy', 'resolutions', 'discharge', 'Directors', 'allocation', 'profits', 'November', 'balance', 'detachment', 'coupon', 'renewal', 'mandate', 'appointment', 'lack', 'June', 'documents', 'summary', 'votes', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'commitment', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Email', 'dewit', 'respect', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'Attachment', '12:00', '32']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084543/0/en/EXACT-Therapeutics-announces-positive-final-results-in-Phase-1-ACTIVATE-trial-in-liver-metastases-from-colorectal-cancer.html,EXACT Therapeutics announces positive final results in Phase 1 ACTIVATE trial in liver metastases from colorectal cancer,OSLO  Norway  May 20  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EXACT Therapeutics (Euronext Growth: EXTX)  a clinical-stage precision medicine company  is pleased to announce the final and positive data set from its Phase 1 ACTIVATE trial. The trial investigated the use of E…,"These results indicate that EXACT Therapeutics’ Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT ® ) significantly enhances the local effect of chemotherapy) significantly enhances the local effect of chemotherapy In the patients who had a response to chemotherapy  ACT-treated tumours showed a significantly greater reduction in diameter compared to control tumours (-29% vs. -7%  p<0.05)Final analysis mirrors the excellent safety profile of PS101 seen in the interim read-out and suggests a dose-response relationshipThe data supports the company’s plans for its Phase 2 trial (ENACT) in patients with locally advanced or borderline resectable pancreatic cancerOSLO  Norway  May 20  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EXACT Therapeutics (Euronext Growth: EXTX)  a clinical-stage precision medicine company  is pleased to announce the final and positive data set from its Phase 1 ACTIVATE trial. The trial investigated the use of EXACT’s proprietary Acoustic Cluster Therapy with chemotherapy in hard-to-treat patients with liver metastases of colorectal origin. These encouraging clinical data provide proof of principle for the clinical application of ACT technology and offer strong support for initiating the ENACT Phase 2 study in pancreatic cancer  a disease with a high unmet medical need.""I am excited about the data from the ACTIVATE trial  which yet again underscore the attractive therapeutic proposition from our proprietary ACT technology. The strength of the response to treatment  the safety profile and its non-invasive nature points to a unique and highly differentiated therapeutic regimen. We continue our efforts to bring ACT to cancer patients as fast as possible. Building on the momentum of the ACTIVATE study  we are excited to be approaching the first patient dosing in our Phase 2 ENACT trial in locally advanced pancreatic cancer."" said Per Walday  CEO of EXACT Therapeutics.The final results affirm the previously reported positive ACTIVATE outcomes and indicate the significant added efficacy of ACT with chemotherapy compared with chemotherapy alone. Among patients who responded to chemotherapy  tumor shrinkage was significantly greater with ACT and chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone in the same individuals (−29% vs. −7%  p<0.05).ACT treatment with EXACT’s proprietary agent PS101 had a clear dose-response relationship. Shrinkage of tumour lesions was significantly greater in patients who received 40 µl/kg PS101 compared with 20 µl/kg PS101. In the group of patients who showed a response to chemotherapy in the control lesions  3 out of 4 patients who received 40 µl/kg PS101 showed tumour shrinkage of more than 30% in diameter. Tumour shrinkage was seen in 6 out of 9 patients who received ACT with chemotherapy. PS101 was safe and well tolerated when given with chemotherapy.Chief Medical Officer of EXACT Therapeutics  Amir Snapir continued  ""Today's update marks the successful completion of the ACTIVATE trial. The results give us great confidence in the treatment potential of the ACT technology for patients with solid tumours.""EXACT Therapeutics is committed to advancing cancer therapies and sharing its research findings with the broader scientific community. The company plans to present the detailed data from the Phase 1 ACTIVATE trial in a future scientific publication and at a forthcoming medical conference.The company wishes to thank the patients  their families and the investigators for their participation and contribution to the ACTIVATE trial.About the Phase 1 ACTIVATE trialACTIVATE is a multi-center  single arm  open-label Phase 1 trial to assess the safety and tolerability  pharmacokinetics  and preliminary anti-cancer activity of ACT treatment with the chemotherapy regimens FOLFOX or FOLFIRI in patients with liver metastases of colorectal origin. The trial is designed in the way that each patient serves as their own control  with primary assessment of anti-tumour activity consisting of within-patient comparison of radiographic responses between ACT-treated lesions (insonated plus chemotherapy) and control lesions (chemotherapy alone  non-insonated). Assessment was done at week 8 by blinded central review. The trial enrolled 11 hard-to-treat patients  hereof 9 evaluable  at sites in the United Kingdom. Additional information about the ACTIVATE trial is available at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT04021277).About Acoustic Cluster TherapyAcoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®) consists of PS101 administered intravenously and insonated over a target tissue with ultrasound. PS101 is a formulation of microclusters of perfluorobutane microbubbles and perfluoromethylcyclopentane microdroplets. High frequency insonation causes PS101 to form larger ACT bubbles that are temporarily lodged in capillaries  followed by low frequency insonation  which induces oscillation of the lodged ACT bubbles  enhancing the delivery of the concurrently given chemotherapy to the target tissues.About EXACT TherapeuticsEXACT Therapeutics is a clinical-stage precision medicine company utilizing the power of ultrasound and microbubbles to enable targeted drug delivery in oncology. Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®) follows a unique approach and may be applied to a wide range of therapeutic agents within oncology and across a multitude of other indications  including brain diseases. EXACT Therapeutics’ shares are traded on Euronext Growth Oslo (EXTX). Further information may be found here: www.exact-tx.comFor further information  please contact:Per WaldayCEO EXACT TherapeuticsEmail: per.walday@exact-tx.comForward looking statements:This announcement and any materials distributed in connection with this announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they reflect the Company's current expectations and assumptions as to future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate. A number of material factors could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by this forward-looking statement.",positive,0.51,0.45,0.05,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['positive final results', 'Phase 1 ACTIVATE trial', 'EXACT Therapeutics', 'liver metastases', 'colorectal cancer', 'EXACT Therapeutics’ Acoustic Cluster Therapy', 'high unmet medical need', 'proprietary Acoustic Cluster Therapy', 'clinical-stage precision medicine company', 'borderline resectable pancreatic cancer', 'High frequency insonation', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'forthcoming medical conference', 'attractive therapeutic proposition', 'differentiated therapeutic regimen', 'significant added efficacy', 'broader scientific community', 'future scientific publication', 'low frequency insonation', 'advanced pancreatic cancer', 'preliminary anti-cancer activity', 'positive ACTIVATE outcomes', 'open-label Phase 1 trial', 'positive data set', 'first patient dosing', 'clear dose-response relationship', 'ENACT Phase 2 study', 'proprietary agent PS101', 'excellent safety profile', 'encouraging clinical data', 'proprietary ACT technology', 'Phase 2 ENACT trial', 'Phase 1 ACTIVATE trial', 'larger ACT bubbles', 'Phase 2 trial', 'ACTIVATE study', 'cancer therapies', 'clinical application', 'anti-tumour activity', 'local effect', 'ACT-treated tumours', 'greater reduction', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'liver metastases', 'colorectal origin', 'strong support', 'invasive nature', 'Per Walday', 'same individuals', 'tumour lesions', 'Amir Snapir', 'successful completion', 'great confidence', 'solid tumours', 'research findings', 'detailed data', 'patient comparison', 'radiographic responses', 'ACT-treated lesions', 'central review', 'United Kingdom', 'Additional information', 'target tissue', 'perfluoromethylcyclopentane microdroplets', 'control tumours', 'tumor shrinkage', 'control lesions', 'tumour shrinkage', 'treatment potential', 'cancer patients', 'Final analysis', 'primary assessment', 'perfluorobutane microbubbles', 'ACT treatment', 'chemotherapy regimens', 'final results', 'ACT ®', 'ACT®', '4 patients', '9 patients', 'diameter', 'interim', 'plans', 'OSLO', 'Norway', 'EXTX', 'use', 'proof', 'principle', 'disease', 'strength', 'non', 'unique', 'efforts', 'momentum', 'CEO', '40 µl', '20 µl', 'group', 'kg', 'Today', 'update', 'families', 'investigators', 'participation', 'contribution', 'tolerability', 'pharmacokinetics', 'FOLFOX', 'FOLFIRI', 'week', 'sites', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'ultrasound', 'formulation', 'microclusters', 'capillaries', 'oscillation', 'delivery', 'power', '3', '6', '11']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3085131/0/en/GTT-Notice-regarding-availability-of-explanatory-documentation-related-to-the-combined-shareholders-meeting-to-be-held-on-June-11-2025.html,GTT : Notice regarding availability of explanatory documentation related to the combined shareholders' meeting to be held on June 11  2025,Terms of availability of preparatory documents for the combined general meeting of shareholders on June 11  2025  Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – May 20 ...,"Terms of availability of preparatory documentsfor the combined general meeting of shareholders on June 11  2025Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – May 20  2025. GTT (Gaztransport et Technigaz) informs its shareholders that the combined (ordinary and extraordinary) general meeting of shareholders will be held on Wednesday June 11  2025 at 3:00 pm.The notice of meeting  including the agenda and the draft resolutions as well as the conditions and modalities of participation and voting at this meeting  was published on the website of the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires ""BALO"" (www.journal-officiel.gouv.fr/balo) on May 2  2025 in bulletin number 53. This notice can also be consulted on the GTT website (www.gtt.fr).The notice of meeting will be published on May 21  2025 on the BALO website in bulletin n°61 as well as in a legal gazette and will also be available on the GTT website.In accordance with the provisions of article R. 225-88 of the French Commercial Code  any shareholder holding registered shares may request  as from the publication of the notice of meeting and up to and including the fifth day before the date of this general meeting  that the documents and information referred to in articles R. 225-81 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code be sent to him. This request must be made using the form for sending additional documents attached to the notice of meeting brochure and must be sent by post to Uptevia - Service Assemblées Générales – 90-110 Esplanade du Général De Gaulle  92 931 La Défense Cedex France.Shareholders holding bearer shares may also obtain these documents by sending their request to Uptevia  whose contact details are given above  and by providing proof of their status as shareholders by sending a certificate of account registration issued by their authorized financial intermediary.The preparatory documents for the general meeting of shareholders of June 11  2025 will be made available to shareholders in accordance with the applicable legal and regulatory provisions (i) on the GTT website (www.gtt.fr) and (ii) at the registered office of GTT  located at 1  route de Versailles  78470 Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse and at Uptevia  whose contact details are mentioned above.The communication of any information or document will be validly made by electronic message  provided that the shareholder indicates in his request the electronic address to which it can be made. Shareholders are therefore encouraged to provide their e-mail address when making a request.The meeting will be broadcast in full - live and recorded - on the Company's website.About GTTGTT is a technology and engineering group with expertise in the design and development of cryogenic membrane containment systems for use in the transport and storage of liquefied gases. Over the past 60 years  the GTT Group has designed and developed  to the highest standards of excellence  some of the most innovative technologies used in LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. As part of its commitment to building a sustainable world  GTT develops new solutions designed to support ship-owners and energy providers in their journey towards a decarbonised future. As such  the Group offers systems designed to enable commercial vessels to use LNG as fuel  develops cutting-edge digital solutions to enhance vessels’ economic and environmental performance  and actively pursues innovation in the field of low-carbon solutions.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in the CAC Next 20  SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.Investor relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 48 45For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""combined shareholders' meeting"", 'explanatory documentation', 'GTT', 'Notice', 'availability', 'June', 'Service Assemblées Générales', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Général De Gaulle', 'La Défense Cedex France', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'cryogenic membrane containment systems', 'route de Versailles', 'Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse', 'authorized financial intermediary', 'French Commercial Code', 'cutting-edge digital solutions', 'Investor relations contact', 'onshore storage tanks', 'extraordinary) general meeting', 'combined general meeting', 'bulletin number', 'commercial vessels', 'new solutions', 'low-carbon solutions', 'contact details', 'Media contact', 'draft resolutions', 'legal gazette', 'registered shares', 'fifth day', '90-110 Esplanade', 'bearer shares', 'account registration', 'applicable legal', 'registered office', 'electronic message', 'electronic address', 'mail address', 'liquefied gases', 'past 60 years', 'highest standards', 'innovative technologies', 'floating terminals', 'multi-gas carriers', 'sustainable world', 'energy providers', 'decarbonised future', 'environmental performance', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'CAC Next', 'Stoxx Europe', 'meeting brochure', 'engineering group', 'preparatory documents', 'additional documents', 'article R.', 'regulatory provisions', 'LNG carriers', 'Wednesday June', 'BALO website', 'GTT website', 'GTT Group', 'gtt.fr', 'Terms', 'availability', 'shareholders', 'May', 'Gaztransport', 'Technigaz', 'notice', 'agenda', 'conditions', 'modalities', 'participation', 'voting', 'journal-officiel', 'accordance', 'publication', 'date', 'information', 'articles', 'request', 'post', 'Uptevia', 'proof', 'status', 'certificate', 'communication', 'Company', 'technology', 'expertise', 'design', 'development', 'excellence', 'commitment', 'ship-owners', 'journey', 'fuel', 'economic', 'innovation', 'field', 'ISIN', 'SBF', 'financiere', 'Attachment', '3:00', '1 30']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084658/0/en/Groupama-has-successfully-carried-out-the-issue-of-a-subordinated-debt-for-a-principal-amount-of-EUR-500-million.html,Groupama has successfully carried out the issue of a subordinated debt for a principal amount of EUR 500 million,Groupama announced the issue on 19 May 2025 of Euro-denominated Fixed Rate subordinated notes due 2035 placed with institutional investors for a principal amount of EUR 500 million. The new notes priced at MS+190  resulting in an annual coupon of 4.375%. The …,Groupama announced the issue on 19 May 2025 of Euro-denominated Fixed Rate subordinated notes due 2035 placed with institutional investors for a principal amount of EUR 500 million. The new notes priced at MS+190  resulting in an annual coupon of 4.375%. The purpose of this transaction was to take advantage of current supportive market conditions to optimize the group’s capital structure.Investors showed significant interest with the order book more than 5 times oversubscribed.The main terms of the new issue are the following:Issuer: Groupama Assurances MutuellesExpected rating of the notes: BBB+ by FitchIssue amount: EUR 500 millionPricing date: 19 May 2025Settlement date: 26 May 2025Annual coupon: 4.375 per cent.ISIN: FR001400ZUC0Natixis (Global Coordinator)  Barclays  BNP Paribas  Citigroup  J.P Morgan and Morgan Stanley acted as joint bookrunners on the transaction. The new notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.The prospectus of the new notes will be available on the group’s internet website (www.groupama.com) and on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org).Press contact Analyst and investor contactSafia Bouda – + 33 (0)6 02 04 48 63safia.bouda@groupama.comValérie Buffard – +33 (0)6 70 04 12 38valerie.buffard@groupama.comAbout Groupama GroupFor more than 100 years  the Groupama Group has been based on timeless humanist values to help as many people as possible build their lives with confidence It is based on human  close-knit  optimistic and responsible communities of mutual aid. On the strength of its two brands – Groupama and Gan – Groupama Group  one of the leading mutual insurers in France  carries out its insurance and service businesses in 10 countries. The Group has 12 million members and customers and 32 000 employees throughout the world  with premium income of €18.5 billion.Attachment,neutral,0.12,0.8,0.08,negative,0.03,0.45,0.52,True,English,"['subordinated debt', 'principal amount', 'Groupama', 'issue', 'EUR', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Euro-denominated Fixed Rate subordinated notes', 'Groupama Assurances Mutuelles Expected rating', 'current supportive market conditions', 'timeless humanist values', 'human, close-knit, optimistic', 'J.P Morgan', 'Press contact Analyst', 'leading mutual insurers', 'Valérie Buffard', 'Fitch Issue amount', 'principal amount', 'Morgan Stanley', 'investor contact', 'mutual aid', 'new notes', 'annual coupon', 'capital structure', 'significant interest', 'order book', 'main terms', 'new issue', 'Pricing date', 'Settlement date', 'Global Coordinator', 'BNP Paribas', 'joint bookrunners', 'Euronext Paris', 'many people', 'responsible communities', 'two brands', 'service businesses', '12 million members', 'premium income', 'The Group', 'institutional investors', 'internet website', 'Groupama Group', 'Safia Bouda', '19 May', 'purpose', 'transaction', 'advantage', 'Issuer', '26 May', 'ISIN', 'FR001400ZUC0', 'Natixis', 'Barclays', 'Citigroup', 'prospectus', 'amf-france', 'valerie', '100 years', 'lives', 'confidence', 'strength', 'insurance', '10 countries', 'customers', '32,000 employees', 'world', 'Attachment', '75']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084533/0/en/Societe-Generale-launches-a-new-global-employee-share-ownership-programme.html,Societe Generale launches a new global employee share ownership programme,SOCIETE GENERALE LAUNCHES A NEW GLOBAL EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME    Press release   Paris  20 May 2025   Societe Generale confirms the launch of...,SOCIETE GENERALE LAUNCHES A NEW GLOBAL EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMMEPress releaseParis  20 May 2025Societe Generale confirms the launch of a new global employee share ownership programme allowing eligible employees and retired former employees of the Group to subscribe for a capital increase reserved for them on preferential terms. The subscription period for the share offer will take place from 2 to 16 June (inclusive).The settlement-delivery of the shares should take place on 24 July 2025.The terms of this transaction are described in the information document provided below.This transaction implements the 27th resolution of the General Meeting held on 22 May 2024. The principle of this operation  approved by the Board of Directors on 5 February 2025  was made public in page 15 of the Board of Directors' report on the resolutions submitted to the General Meeting of 20 May 2025 and  before that  in the table of financial authorisations provided in section 3.1.7 of the Universal Registration Document dated 12 March 2025 which has been updated  on pages 58 to 59 of the Convening Brochure  relating to the General Meeting of 20 May 2025  which was published on 14 April 2025.Employee share ownership is a long-term collective commitment mechanism regularly implemented within Societe Generale to involve employees in the development of the company and to enable them to benefit from long-term value creation.The 2025 programme is the 32nd offered by the Group.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.com20 May 2025INFORMATION DOCUMENTPROVIDED FOR EMPLOYEES AND RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEESOF THE SOCIETE GENERALE GROUPPERTAINING TO A CAPITAL INCREASE IN CASH TARGETING A MAXIMUM OF 12 044 800 SHARES RESERVED FOR ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES AND RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING IN SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP COMPANYOR GROUP SAVINGS PLANS2025 GROUP EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME (2025 GESOP)This information document is available at Societe Generale’s administrative office (17 cours Valmy - 92972 Paris-La Défense Cedex)  on its website and its intranet site  and was covered by a press release dated 20 May 2025.This document is prepared in accordance with the prospectus publication exemptions provided for in Article 1.4°(i) and Article 1.5°(h) of Prospectus Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129. It constitutes the document required to meet the conditions for exemption from publication of a prospectus as defined by said Prospectus Regulation  directly applicable in the domestic law of each Member State of the European Union.MAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE CAPITAL INCREASE IN CASH RESERVED FOR ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES AND RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING IN SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP COMPANY OR GROUP SAVINGS PLANSISSUER Societe Generale French public limited company (société anonyme) Share capital: EUR 1 000 395 971.25Registered office: 29  boulevard Haussmann - 75009 PARISParis Trade and Companies Register No. 552 120 222Euronext Paris - Compartment AOrdinary share ISIN code: FR0000130809Share admitted to Deferred Settlement Service Securities offered The maximum overall nominal amount of the capital increase is set at EUR 15 056 000  corresponding to the issue of 12 044 800 shares available for subscription in cash.The capital increase is sub-divided into two (2) tranches using separate investment vehicles  respectively accessible to separate entities or groups of entities.The Societe Generale shares to be issued will be of the same class and will be equivalent to Societe Generale shares already admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (Compartment A). Reasons for the offer The 2025 Group Employee Share Ownership Programme falls within the scope of the Societe Generale Group employee share ownership policy  both in France and internationally  allowing beneficiaries to become involved in the Group’s operations by participating  through this investment  in the development of Societe Generale  by expressing their voting rights and participating in the General Meeting. Terms of subscription The shares will be available for subscription through employee mutual fund (“FCPE”) in France and directly via the acquisition of registered shares outside France.Method for determining the subscription priceThe subscription price of EUR 35.76 is equal to the arithmetic average of the 20 (twenty) volume-weighted average prices recorded each day on the Euronext Paris regulated stock market at the end of each of the 20 (twenty) trading sessions preceding the morning of 19 May 2025 (date of the decision of the Chief Executive Officer  setting the subscription period and the subscription price and acting on the sub-delegation of the Board of Directors at its meeting of 5 February 2025 using the authorization granted to the Board by the twenty-seven resolution of the Combined General Meeting of 22 May 2024)  with the application of a 20% discount.Duration of subscription periodThe subscription period will begin on Monday 2nd June 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Paris time) and will end on Monday 16th June 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (Paris time). Terms of subscription for sharesThe first (1st) tranche is subscribed through the Employee Mutual Funds under Company or Group Savings Plans. The second (2nd) tranche is directly subscribed by employees under the International Group Savings Plan.Beneficiaries of the offerThis offer is reserved for employees with seniority of at least three (3) months  holding an employment contract in effect at the end of the subscription period  broken down as follows: for the 1 st tranche  the beneficiaries of the Societe Generale Company Savings Plan and the Group Savings Plan;tranche  the beneficiaries of the Societe Generale Company Savings Plan and the Group Savings Plan; for the 2nd tranche  the beneficiaries of the International Group Savings Plan. As regards the first tranche  former employees having left their company after retiring  with this category including pre-retirees  and having retained assets in the Company or Group Savings Plans  may also take part in this reserved capital increase. Subscription limitIn accordance with Article L. 3332-10 of the French Labour Code  the total amount of payments made by Beneficiaries (including payments into other Savings Plans) may not exceed 25% of their gross annual remuneration received during the year of subscription or  for Beneficiaries whose employment contract is suspended and who received no remuneration for the year of subscription  25% of the annual limit provided for in Article L. 241-3 of the French Social Security Code. At its meeting of 5 February 2025  the Board of Directors decided that the total amount of a given Beneficiary’s individual subscription (which may consist of a voluntary payment  including the transfer of available assets  as well as the net amounts of profit-sharing and employer matching contribution (not applicable to retirees)) may not exceed EUR 20 000.Employer matching contributionEmployer matching contribution rules are specific to each Company or Group Savings Plan and each participating entity. Transaction timetable Subscription will be open from Monday 2nd June 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Paris time) to Monday 16th June 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (Paris time). The capital increase is scheduled for 24 July 2025. Listing of new shares Listing marketSociete Generale shares are listed on Euronext Paris (deferred settlement service  continuous trading group A  ISIN code FR0000130809). Listing of new sharesThe listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris will be requested immediately after the completion of the capital increase (the listing should be effective on or around 29 July 2025). General information on new shares subject to a request for admission to tradingRights attached to shares issuedAs soon as they are created  the new shares will be subject to all the provisions of the Issuer’s Articles of Association and will bear dividends rights as of 1 January 2025. As a result  they will be fully assimilated with the existing shares and will entitle the shareholders of a public limited company to the associated legal prerogatives. In particular  they will entitle shareholders to ownership of the company’s assets and the liquidation surplus  in a proportion equal to the percentage of share capital they represent. Similarly  the dividend is distributed to shareholders in proportion to their shareholding.A double voting right  in proportion to the capital represented  is allocated to all fully paid-up shares registered in the name of the same shareholder  for at least two years  as well as to new registered shares granted free of charge to a shareholder  in the event of a capital increase through the incorporation of reserves  profits or issue premiums  in respect of shares entitled thereto.In accordance with Article L. 214-165 II  paragraph 3  of the French Monetary and Financial Code  the voting rights attached to Societe Generale shares subscribed via the FCPE will be exclusively exercised individually by the unitholders of said FCPE and  for fractional units  by the supervisory board of said FCPE.In the event of a public purchase or exchange offer  the supervisory board of the FCPE decide  based on the relative majority of the votes cast  whether or not to tender Societe Generale shares to the offer. If there is no relative majority  the decision is put to the vote of the unitholders  who decide based on the relative majority of the votes cast.Marketability of sharesNo clauses in the Articles of Association limit the free marketability of the shares comprising Societe Generale's capital.Only the rules below governing the unavailability of shares under a Company or Group Savings Plan will limit the marketability of said shares. Unavailability Shares held directly by the Beneficiaries and units of the employee mutual fund  as applicable  will be unavailable for a period of 5 years  barring cases of early release subject to the conditions applicable to the Company or Group Savings Plan in question. As regards the 2nd tranche  in some countries  depending on local legislation  some cases of early release will not be open to employees. Specific disclaimer for international subscriptions This document constitutes neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to subscribe for Societe Generale shares. The Societe Generale share offer reserved for eligible current employees and retired former employees participating in Societe Generale Group Company or Group Savings Plans will only be implemented in countries where such an offer has been registered with the relevant local authorities and/or with the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in consideration of an exemption from the obligation to establish a prospectus or register the offer. More generally  the offer will only be made in countries where all required registration procedures and/or notifications have been made and the proper authorisations obtained  except for the exemptions mentioned above. This document is not intended for countries in which such a prospectus would not have been approved or such an exemption would not be available  or in which all required registration and/or notification procedures have not yet been made or the proper authorisations obtained  and copies of this document should not be sent in such countries.With respect to the United States of America in particular  the shares referred to in this document have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or exemption from registration in accordance with the Securities Act. Societe Generale does not intend to register the offer  in part or in whole  in the United States  or to make public share offers in the United States. The shares will be offered only for transactions benefiting from an exemption from registration.Due to the sanctions imposed by the European Union  this offer is not open to citizens or residents of Russia who do not have a residence permit in or are not nationals of a European Union country  of a country member of the European Economic Area or of Switzerland  or to citizens or residents or Belarus who do not have a residence permit in or are not nationals of a European Union country. Employee contact Beneficiaries may address any questions relating to this offer to the contact indicated in the subscription application provided to them.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new global employee share ownership programme', 'Societe Generale', 'NEW GLOBAL EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME', 'Societe Generale Group employee share ownership policy', 'Compartment A Ordinary share ISIN code', '2025 GROUP EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME', 'Euronext Paris regulated stock market', '92972 Paris-La Défense Cedex', 'Deferred Settlement Service Securities', 'long-term collective commitment mechanism', 'French public limited company', 'maximum overall nominal amount', '20 (twenty) volume-weighted average prices', 'SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP PERTAINING', 'SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP COMPANY', 'RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING', 'employee mutual fund', 'The Societe Generale shares', 'SOCIETE GENERALE LAUNCHES', 'ISSUER Societe Generale', 'long-term value creation', '20 (twenty) trading sessions', 'société anonyme', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Companies Register No.', 'Universal Registration Document', 'separate investment vehicles', 'Combined General Meeting', 'prospectus publication exemptions', 'The 2025 programme', 'Share capital', 'share offer', 'arithmetic average', 'Paris Trade', 'eligible employees', 'Press release', 'capital increase', '27th resolution', 'financial authorisations', 'Convening Brochure', 'Press contacts', 'SAVINGS PLANS', 'administrative office', 'cours Valmy', 'intranet site', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'domestic law', 'Member State', 'European Union', 'MAIN CHARACTERISTICS', 'Registered office', 'boulevard Haussmann', 'two (2) tranches', 'separate entities', 'same class', 'voting rights', 'twenty-seven resolution', 'registered shares', 'information document', 'subscription period', 'subscription price', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'preferential terms', ""Directors' report"", '12,044,800 SHARES', '20 May', 'place', '2 to', '16 June', 'settlement-delivery', '24 July', 'transaction', '22 May', 'principle', 'operation', 'Board', '5 February', 'page', 'resolutions', 'table', 'section', 'March', '14 April', 'development', 'socgen', 'CASH', '25 GESOP', 'website', 'accordance', 'Article', 'conditions', 'groups', 'Reasons', 'scope', 'France', 'beneficiaries', 'FCPE', 'acquisition', 'Method', 'end', 'morning', '19 May', 'date', 'decision', 'sub-delegation', 'authorization', 'application', '20% discount', 'Duration']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4127297.html,Accor Developing Global Ecosystem for Meetings and Event Bookings,Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  has announced the development of a new digital meetings & events ecosystem to maximize the ongoing expansion and support of its multi-billion-dollar meetings & events business. The new platform will unite over 5 600 A…,Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  has announced the development of a new digital meetings & events ecosystem to maximize the ongoing expansion and support of its multi-billion-dollar meetings & events business. The new platform will unite over 5 600 Accor hotels and resorts worldwide  featuring an inventory of 2.5 million sqm of event space and 800 000+ guestrooms – providing an easy  self-serve option for clients to view and book event space  guestrooms  and sales & catering services  while augmenting the continued support of on-site hotel teams. The integration of sales & catering will be a key advantage for meeting planners and business clients  as well as the link to Accor’s loyalty program ALL Accor  for the opportunity to earn and access rewarding membership benefits.This global website will be available as a pre-launch version in late 2025  with initial functionality for sales teams connected to Salesforce and online booking for small accommodation groups of up to 30 guestrooms. In early 2026  a more comprehensive suite of features will be introduced  including online booking for meeting rooms and residential seminars  guestrooms and meeting rooms  as well as connectivity to external channels.MeetingPackage  the best-in-class online central reservation system for booking Accor meetings & events space  will be used as the backbone of this future platform  connecting listed sales & catering tools to the Accor website and external third-party channels. The meetings & events ecosystem is also being developed in collaboration with several globally renowned technology providers that will seamlessly integrate their expertise and technologies to enhance the overall meetings & events management experience across Accor’s global portfolio. These include:Oracle – OPERA Cloud Sales and Event Management is Accor’s new cloud-based application  and the first out of the 4 S&C providers in being fully connected with MeetingPackage and Accor Ecosystem. An integrated component of OPERA Cloud Property Management unifying all Accor's hotel departments  Sales and Events Management will be offered in three versions: Premium for luxury hotels as well as large meetings & events properties  Standard for small and medium hotels  and an Essential version will be offered to cover hotels who manage accommodation only groups– OPERA Cloud Sales and Event Management is Accor’s new cloud-based application  and the first out of the 4 S&C providers in being fully connected with MeetingPackage and Accor Ecosystem. An integrated component of OPERA Cloud Property Management unifying all Accor's hotel departments  Sales and Events Management will be offered in three versions: Premium for luxury hotels as well as large meetings & events properties  Standard for small and medium hotels  and an Essential version will be offered to cover hotels who manage accommodation only groups Backyou – Accor’s trusted European provider and sales & catering solution for small and medium meetings & events hotels in Europe and North Africa.– Accor’s trusted European provider and sales & catering solution for small and medium meetings & events hotels in Europe and North Africa. iVvy – is a leading sales & catering solution provider trusted by Accor’s Mantra properties and Accor hotels in the Pacific region. iVvy is Accor’s preferred sales & catering solution for small and medium hotels in Asia Pacific  Middle East  Africa  and The Americas.– is a leading sales & catering solution provider trusted by Accor’s Mantra properties and Accor hotels in the Pacific region. iVvy is Accor’s preferred sales & catering solution for small and medium hotels in Asia Pacific  Middle East  Africa  and The Americas. Amadeus – Delphi is a leading sales & catering solution for the hospitality market  tailored solution for premium and luxury hotels as well as large meetings & events properties  and clustered hotels. Delphi is a trusted solution already adopted by more than 250 Accor properties in the premium and luxury segment.At Accor  we are fortunate to collaborate with best-in-class technology providers who are helping us create a seamless and efficient user experience. Through this new digital Meetings & Events ecosystem  Accor’s entire event inventory will become more visible  accessible  and appealing. Our venues will be recognized as top destinations to gather with colleagues  clients  friends  or family. This digital transformation aligns with recent research from Accor highlighting that in-person meetings are more valued than ever. Meeting planners consistently report that face-to-face events drive higher revenue than virtual alternatives  that corporate away-days are essential  and that in-person business interactions significantly boost employee mental health. Our new platform will support these vital connections by simplifying the booking and management process  while also integrating our ALL Accor loyalty program to enhance the overall customer experience. Julien Houdebine  Chief Sales and Revenue Officer  AccorAccording to Allied Market Research  the overall value of the business travel industry is forecasted to rise from US$695.9 billion in 2020 to US$2 trillion by 2028. The forecasted expenditure by business travelers will also rise  according to a survey by GBTA and Mastercard  increasing from US$933 billion in 2022 to US$1.4 trillion in 2026.With a leadership position in Europe  the Middle East  Latin America and Asia-Pacific  where the market still offers strong growth potential  Accor is aiming to expand its footprint  strengthen local partnerships  and deliver tailored  innovative solutions that meet evolving client needs across these key regions. Accor has the most diverse brand portfolio in the hospitality industry  encompassing more than 45 hospitality brands from luxury to economy. The Group’s leading brands for meetings & events include Raffles  Fairmont  Sofitel  MGallery  Pullman  Mövenpick  Novotel  Mercure  and ibis as well as lifestyle brands like The Hoxton  Mama Shelter  SLS  and SO/ through Ennismore.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Melanie MahietteSenior external communications managerAccor,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.58,0.42,0.0,True,English,"['Accor Developing Global Ecosystem', 'Event Bookings', 'Meetings', 'several globally renowned technology providers', 'online central reservation system', 'OPERA Cloud Property Management', 'ALL Accor loyalty program', '4 S&C providers', 'class technology providers', 'easy, self-serve option', 'rewarding membership benefits', 'efficient user experience', 'employee mental health', 'OPERA Cloud Sales', 'new cloud-based application', 'trusted European provider', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'external third-party channels', 'overall customer experience', 'Allied Market Research', 'person business interactions', 'events management experience', 'new digital meetings', 'catering solution provider', 'entire event inventory', 'external channels', 'hospitality market', 'trusted solution', 'Event Management', 'new platform', 'digital transformation', 'management process', 'small accommodation groups', 'person meetings', 'recent research', 'online booking', 'events business', 'tailored solution', 'event space', 'catering services', 'catering tools', 'multi-billion-dollar meetings', 'overall meetings', 'large meetings', 'medium meetings', 'ongoing expansion', '2.5 million sqm', 'hotel teams', 'key advantage', 'meeting planners', 'global website', 'pre-launch version', 'initial functionality', 'comprehensive suite', 'meeting rooms', 'residential seminars', 'future platform', 'global portfolio', 'integrated component', 'hotel departments', 'three versions', 'Essential version', 'Mantra properties', 'Pacific region', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'The Americas', 'luxury segment', 'top destinations', 'higher revenue', 'virtual alternatives', 'vital connections', 'Julien Houdebine', 'Revenue Officer', 'events ecosystem', 'events space', 'events properties', 'luxury hotels', 'medium hotels', 'clustered hotels', 'sales teams', 'listed sales', 'leading sales', 'preferred sales', 'Chief Sales', 'events hotels', 'business clients', 'continued support', 'North Africa', 'Accor meetings', 'Accor website', 'Accor Ecosystem', '250 Accor properties', '800,000+ guestrooms', '5,600 Accor hotels', '30 guestrooms', 'development', 'resorts', 'integration', 'link', 'opportunity', 'late', 'Salesforce', 'early 2026', 'features', 'connectivity', 'MeetingPackage', 'backbone', 'collaboration', 'expertise', 'technologies', 'Oracle', 'Premium', 'Backyou', 'iVvy', 'Amadeus', 'Delphi', 'seamless', 'venues', 'colleagues', 'friends', 'family', 'face', 'days']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,hospitalitynet.org
50800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4127290.html,ibis Bolsters European Foothold with New Addresses across the Region  Including the First ibis Styles in Estonia,ibis  the pioneer of accessible high-quality affordable accommodation with over 2 500 hotels throughout nearly 80 countries around the world  continues its growth trajectory across Europe  with new properties under its ibis  ibis Styles and ibis budget brands…,ibis  the pioneer of accessible high-quality affordable accommodation with over 2 500 hotels throughout nearly 80 countries around the world  continues its growth trajectory across Europe  with new properties under its ibis  ibis Styles and ibis budget brands. Recent openings span Germany (Berlin and Neckarsulm)  Spain (Madrid) and Belgium (Hasselt)  with upcoming additions in Hungary (Debrecen)  Poland (Katowice) and the United Kingdom (York). The latest growth milestone also marks the debut of the ibis Styles brand in Estonia with a stylish hotel in the heart of Tallinn.Since its launch in 1974  ibis has been at the forefront of democratising travel  offering comfort  reliability and great design at an accessible price. Over the past fifty years  the brand has evolved into three sub-brands – ibis  ibis Styles  and ibis budget. With its unique and adaptable designs  fresh food and drink concepts and heartfelt service  ibis continues to attract new generations of travellers  bringing its original vision of hospitality to life.True to the ibis’ spirit of ‘Go get it’  we welcome guests at our 2 500+ hotels so they can discover the world with purpose and intent. ibis continues to demonstrate its promise of reliability of what matters for the value-minded traveller. These latest additions show the attractiveness of ibis to our guests and partners  who value and trust the forward-thinking spirit of a leading economy brand. Florence Liger-Tourres  Vice President Marketing Economy Brands  Accor Europe & North AfricaOpened earlier this month after an extensive renovation of the former L’Ermitage Hotel Tallinn  ibis Styles Tallinn is located closed to the city’s medieval Old Town and its creative district  allowing guests to experience both the historic charm and the moder buzz of the capital. The hotel’s 122 guest rooms and communal areas feature black and white tones and wall art that celebrate the art of photography throughout. Guests of the new hotel as well as locals can visit the on-site FOCUS restaurant  which serves seasonal Estonian recipes in colourful settings. Other amenities include a breakfast area and a conference room for up to 70 guests.Other ibis branded additions in Europe include:ibis Styles Madrid Airport Valdebas (Spain) – Opening in June  the hotel is the biggest ibis-branded family hotel in Iberia  offering 260 rooms  a restaurant  24-hours snack bar  pool and rooftop with a lounge bar. Located in the heart of Valdebebas  the hotel is just a few minutes from IFEMA  as well as Real Madrid's training ground  the Alfredo di Stéfano stadium  as well as the Atlético de Madrid's Metropolitano stadium.ibis budget Madrid Albasanz (Spain) – Just a few minutes from the city centre  guests of this new hotel will enjoy the easy connection to Barajas Adolfo Suarez Airport  IFEMA fairgrounds and Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. Slated to open in June  the hotel will offer 99 rooms featuring the new REBOOST design  as well as full buffet breakfast and a snack bar.ibis and ibis budget Berlin Airport (Germany) – Just a few minutes from Berlin Brandenburg Airport Terminal 1  the sister hotels ibis and ibis budget Berlin Airport offer guests 114 rooms each  featuring the latest design concepts of both brands and equipped with the comfortable Sweet Bed by ibis™. Perfectly tailored to the needs of airport guests  the dual hotel provides a shared lobby with extra-early hours breakfast service and café  as well as convenient Park&Fly options for travellers.ibis Styles Neckarsulm (Germany) – Following an extensive renovation project  the latest ibis Styles address in Germany features a unique design that blends the world of motorsport with regional winemaking history. The hotel includes 97 rooms  a breakfast area and bar  a fitness studio  in addition to a meeting room for up to ten guests. Located in northern Baden-Württemberg  Neckarsulm  is known for its rich winemaking tradition and is home to some of the oldest winegrowers in the country.ibis budget La Rochelle Puilboreau (France) – Perfectly suited for both leisure and business travellers  this new hotel offers guests 76 modern rooms featuring the latest brand’s design concept for a comfortable stay. The hotel is the perfect gateway to explore the historic city of La Rochelle  known for its picturesque harbour and rich maritime heritage  as well as the beautiful beaches and charming villages of the Île de Ré.ibis Styles York Centre (UK) – Themed around brewing and distilling as nod to the history of its building  the hotel is located in one of the UK's most historic cities with a thriving cultural scene. It offers 110 comfortable rooms  as well as a restaurant and bar that reflects the property’s storytelling with beloved British classics.ibis budget Arlon Porte du Luxembourg (Belgium) – Located in the heart of the Belgian Ardennes in the quaint historical town of Arlon  the hotel is ideal for relaxing and taking in nature with several picturesque trails within walking distance. It offers 70 modern keys including several family rooms equipped with the brand’s popular bunk bed concept.ibis Styles Hasselt (Belgium) – This newly opened hotel offers guests 91 well-appointed rooms and easy access to the vibrant city of Hasselt  known for its rich cultural heritage and lively atmosphere. The storytelling of this hotel is based on the first expedition that wintered in the Antarctic in human history  led by a Belgian naval officer. Guests can enjoy a delightful breakfast at the hotel's restaurant before exploring the city's attractions  including a great mix of parks  museums and shopping districts.ibis Styles Debrecen Airport (Hungary) – Set to open this summer  the newly built hotel will be conveniently located in Debrecen International Airport  the second biggest airport in Hungary  and in close proximity to major highways. The hotel will offer 72 comfortable rooms and 16 apartments  a restaurant and bar  as well as a meeting room for up to 25 persons. The new hotel will feature an aviation theme and even a real airplane wing.ibis Styles Katowice Airport (Poland) – This hotel is slated to open next month and will offer 75 stylish rooms and a range of amenities  all located within the city's international airport. Guests will be able to unwind at the hotel's bar and restaurant and access a well-equipped fitness centre to stay active during their travels.Guests staying at ibis branded hotels can enjoy a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences as part of ALL  Accor’s renowned booking platform and loyalty programme that enhances the experience during and beyond each hotel stay.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Tamara Schwarz-SpeckbacherMedia Relations & PR DACH  Nordics  and Baltic StatesAccorView source,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['First ibis Styles', 'European Foothold', 'New Addresses', 'Region', 'Estonia', 'Alfredo di Stéfano stadium', 'Vice President Marketing Economy Brands', 'former L’Ermitage Hotel Tallinn', 'ibis budget La Rochelle Puilboreau', 'convenient Park&Fly options', 'Barajas Adolfo Suarez Airport', 'accessible high-quality affordable accommodation', 'Berlin Brandenburg Airport Terminal', 'Atlético de Madrid', 'extra-early hours breakfast service', 'biggest ibis-branded family hotel', 'ibis budget Madrid Albasanz', 'ibis budget Berlin Airport', 'ibis budget Arlon Porte', 'latest ibis Styles address', 'ibis Styles Madrid Airport', 'Other ibis branded additions', 'ibis Styles York Centre', 'Île de Ré', 'ibis budget brands', 'past fifty years', 'leading economy brand', 'medieval Old Town', 'seasonal Estonian recipes', 'northern Baden-Württemberg', 'rich winemaking tradition', 'rich maritime heritage', 'thriving cultural scene', 'beloved British classics', 'quaint historical town', 'Wanda Metropolitano Stadium', 'full buffet breakfast', 'ibis Styles Tallinn', 'several picturesque trails', 'comfortable Sweet Bed', 'latest growth milestone', 'several family rooms', 'extensive renovation project', 'regional winemaking history', 'latest design concepts', 'ibis Styles brand', 'new REBOOST design', '24-hours snack bar', 'ibis Styles Neckarsulm', 'latest additions', 'accessible price', 'heartfelt service', 'Other amenities', 'Real Madrid', 'airport guests', 'latest brand', 'breakfast area', 'city centre', 'upcoming additions', 'growth trajectory', 'drink concepts', 'picturesque harbour', 'ibis’ spirit', 'great design', 'comfortable stay', 'new properties', 'new generations', 'Recent openings', 'United Kingdom', 'three sub-brands', 'adaptable designs', 'fresh food', 'original vision', 'value-minded traveller', 'forward-thinking spirit', 'Florence Liger-Tourres', 'North Africa', 'creative district', 'historic charm', 'moder buzz', 'communal areas', 'white tones', 'colourful settings', 'conference room', 'training ground', 'easy connection', 'fitness studio', 'meeting room', 'oldest winegrowers', 'perfect gateway', 'beautiful beaches', 'charming villages', 'historic cities', 'Belgian Ardennes', 'walking distance', '70 modern keys', 'new hotel', '110 comfortable rooms', 'unique design', 'stylish hotel', 'lounge bar', 'dual hotel', '2,500+ hotels', 'sister hotels', 'historic city', '122 guest rooms', '76 modern rooms', 'wall art', 'IFEMA fairgrounds', 'Accor Europe', 'FOCUS restaurant', 'business travellers', 'ten guests', 'ibis™', '2,500 hotels', '260 rooms', '99 rooms', '114 rooms', '97 rooms', '70 guests', 'pioneer', '80 countries', 'world', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Belgium', 'Hasselt', 'Hungary', 'Debrecen', 'Poland', 'Katowice', 'debut', 'launch', 'forefront', 'democratising', 'reliability', 'hospitality', 'life', 'purpose', 'intent', 'promise', 'attractiveness', 'partners', 'capital', 'black', 'photography', 'locals', 'site', 'Valdebas', 'June', 'Iberia', 'pool', 'rooftop', 'Valdebebas', 'minutes', 'needs', 'lobby', 'café', 'motorsport', 'country', 'France', 'leisure', 'UK', 'brewing', 'nod', 'building', 'property', 'storytelling', 'Luxembourg', 'nature']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,hospitalitynet.org
50801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084506/0/en/Biotalys-and-AgroFresh-Partner-to-Protect-Fresh-Produce.html,Biotalys and AgroFresh Partner to Protect Fresh Produce,Global leaders in sustainable agricultural innovation to develop biological solutions to reduce food waste Global leaders in sustainable agricultural innovation to develop biological solutions to reduce food waste,"Ghent  BELGIUM  and Philadelphia  USA  May 20  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press releaseGhent  BELGIUM  and Philadelphia  USA – 20 May 2025  07.00 CEST – An estimated 14 percent of produce is lost between harvest and retail*  in part due to spoilage from mold and rot. To help address this global challenge  Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an agricultural technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for sustainable crop protection  and AgroFresh Solutions  Inc.  a global leader in post-harvest solutions for fresh produce  today announced a new collaboration to develop and commercialize sustainable biological fungicides for post-harvest use. Fungicides are already essential to protect fresh produce after harvest  and this collaboration will expand the industry's toolbox with environmentally friendly biological solutions designed to meet the evolving needs of markets around the world.“Post-harvest freshness solutions are especially critical for high-value and highly perishable crops  where even small losses can result in major food waste and economic impact. As the global leader in post-harvest freshness innovation  AgroFresh is proud to be partnering with Biotalys to develop sustainable biological fungicide solutions ” said Clint Lewis  AgroFresh Chief Executive Officer. “This collaboration represents an important step forward in expanding our innovation pipeline with novel  sustainable technologies that preserve freshness  reduce waste  and support the success of produce suppliers around the world.”Fungal decay remains one of the most persistent and complex challenges in the post-harvest supply chain. Once harvested  fresh produce loses its natural defenses and becomes highly susceptible to spoilage caused by fungi. These pathogens thrive in common storage and transit environments and can spread rapidly  making consistent and effective disease management essential. As produce moves through increasingly global and quality-driven supply chains  biological tools that can support freshness and reduce loss are becoming more important than ever.“The global post-harvest fungicide market is valued at $300 million**. Our expansion into this critical segment represents an important step for Biotalys and demonstrates the significant potential and versatility of our protein-based AGROBODY™ platform to help preserve food quality without chemical residues ” said Kevin Helash  Biotalys Chief Executive Officer. “We are excited about the opportunity to collaborate with the global leader in post-harvest food quality control to bring our biocontrol solutions to this industry segment and make a material difference in this crucial area in the years to come.”Together  AgroFresh and Biotalys are advancing the future of post-harvest protection through science-driven innovation. By combining deep expertise in produce freshness with cutting-edge biocontrol technology  the companies aim to help the fresh produce industry meet today’s challenges and adapt to the changing needs of markets worldwide  with sustainable solutions that keep food fresher for longer and reduce global food waste.* Source: FAO report 29 September 2022 – Tackling food loss and waste: a triple win opportunity** Source: 2023 DunhamTrimmer Global Biocontrol Market Report.About AgroFresh Solutions  Inc.AgroFresh is the global leader in post-harvest quality and freshness solutions that enhance quality and extend shelf-life of fresh produce  reducing food loss and waste. AgroFresh has been innovating for more than 40 years to address fresh produce supply chain challenges from all angles with a full suite of integrated storage  packing line and digital solutions. As the pioneer of SmartFreshTM  the world’s first introduction to 1-MCP technology used to slow ripening  and UvasysTM  the world’s first laminated SO 2 generating sheets that prevent fungal decay in produce  AgroFresh empowers growers  packers and retailers to succeed in delivering fresh  quality and sustainable produce from harvest to home. To learn more about AgroFresh  visit www.agrofresh.com.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:BiotalysToon MusschootHead of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comAgroFreshChristy ToedebuschHead of Global MarketingMobile: (314) 283-5996ctoedebusch@agrofresh.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the annual report on the consolidated annual accounts published on the company’s website.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.24,0.59,True,English,"['AgroFresh Partner', 'Fresh Produce', 'Biotalys', '2023 DunhamTrimmer Global Biocontrol Market Report', 'fresh produce supply chain challenges', 'global post-harvest fungicide market', 'environmentally friendly biological solutions', 'AgroFresh Chief Executive Officer', 'Biotalys Chief Executive Officer', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'sustainable biological fungicide solutions', 'post-harvest food quality control', 'protein-based AGROBODY™ platform', 'post-harvest supply chain', 'quality-driven supply chains', 'novel, sustainable technologies', 'effective disease management', 'SO 2 generating sheets', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'safer food supply', 'cutting-edge biocontrol technology', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Global Marketing Mobile', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'highly perishable crops', 'triple win opportunity', 'sustainable biological fungicides', 'sustainable crop protection', 'Post-harvest freshness solutions', 'major food waste', 'post-harvest freshness innovation', 'global food waste', 'fresh produce industry', 'FAO report', 'post-harvest solutions', 'value chain', 'biological tools', 'sustainable solutions', 'post-harvest quality', 'post-harvest use', 'post-harvest protection', 'fresh, quality', 'complex challenges', 'sustainable produce', 'global challenge', 'agricultural technology', 'global leader', '1-MCP technology', 'digital solutions', 'chemical residues', 'innovation pipeline', 'science-driven innovation', 'produce suppliers', 'produce freshness', 'AgroFresh Solutions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'evolving needs', 'small losses', 'economic impact', 'Clint Lewis', 'important step', 'Fungal decay', 'natural defenses', 'common storage', 'transit environments', 'critical segment', 'significant potential', 'Kevin Helash', 'industry segment', 'material difference', 'crucial area', 'deep expertise', 'changing needs', 'food loss', 'full suite', 'integrated storage', 'packing line', 'first introduction', 'diverse pipeline', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Communication T', 'Christy Toedebusch', 'AgTech) company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'new collaboration', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Philadelphia', 'USA', 'May', '14 percent', 'retail', 'part', 'spoilage', 'mold', 'BTLS', 'toolbox', 'markets', 'world', 'high-value', 'success', 'persistent', 'pathogens', 'consistent', 'expansion', 'versatility', 'years', 'future', 'companies', 'today', 'Source', 'shelf-life', 'angles', 'pioneer', 'SmartFreshTM', 'ripening', 'UvasysTM', 'laminated', 'growers', 'packers', 'home', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Head', '07']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4127287.html,Fairmont Hotels & Resorts Unveils New Global Brand Campaign – Fairmont Presents “Make Special Happen” – a Cinematic Tribute to the Brand’s Heritage as Storied Celebrators,World-renowned luxury hospitality brand  Fairmont Hotels & Resorts  today reveals its new global brand campaign  Fairmont Presents ”Make Special Happen”. Paying homage to the brand’s centurion heritage as host to some of the world’s most storied celebrations …,Hong Kong/Singapore – World-renowned luxury hospitality brand  Fairmont Hotels & Resorts  today reveals its new global brand campaign  Fairmont Presents ”Make Special Happen”. Paying homage to the brand’s centurion heritage as host to some of the world’s most storied celebrations and history-making moments  as well as its legacy with the silver screen  the creative tells the story of the build-up to a grand celebration  capturing how Fairmont colleagues and guests come together to “Make Special Happen”. The resulting campaign is Fairmont at its most captivating  elevating the art of making every moment a celebration.Developed by King & Partners  the new campaign was directed by award-winning filmmaker Jean Claude Thibaut  and shot at Fairmont Royal York in Toronto. Stylistically  the creative evokes the charm of a classic film  a tribute to the refined elegance of a bygone era  where the North American spirit of allure and adventure on which Fairmont was founded  is reimagined for today. It was inspired by the brand’s rich heritage of hosting some of history’s most momentous occasions  from the signing of the United Nations Charter in San Francisco  to Truman Capote’s Black and White Ball in New York City  to John Lennon and Yoko Ono’s ‘bed in for peace’ in Montreal. The creative team was tasked with building upon this legacy to set the stage for a new era of celebratory moments at Fairmont  looking forward to some of the more modern design hotels which shape the skyline of the destinations they reside in  such as Fairmont Doha and Fairmont Tokyo.In creating this campaign  I drew inspiration from Fairmont’s incredible heritage  with particular influence from the allure of the Truman Capote era. The focus was on capturing the essence of celebration  friendship  and togetherness—values that have always been at the heart of the Fairmont experience. Through both the film and imagery  I sought to evoke the joy of gathering  with Fairmont as the incredible backdrop  always there to support and elevate special moments. It’s been an incredible project to be a part of  and I’m excited to see it come to life. Jean Claude ThibautThrough a mix of film and stills  the artwork follows a charismatic cast of characters through a series of intriguing and playful moments  leading up to an unforgettable celebration. The audience follows along as “The Celebrationist”  the Grande Dame of the story  carefully pens her invites  handing them over to “The Porter”  always on a mission to “Make Special Happen” for Fairmont guests. He glides through the grand corridors of the hotel to hand deliver to “The Linksman”  usually found out on the links or out on the town; “The Wellness Enthusiast”  whose favorite places are in a Fairmont gym or on the dance floor; “The Muse & Her Makers”  a family whose travels have taken them all over the world  always with their beloved Golden Retriever; and “The Legends in Leisure”  still as in love as the day they met  and always ready for a night of cocktails and adventure. When it’s officially time to “Make Special Happen”  special guest and a legend in his own right  Tom Wolfe  America’s first concierge  and Chief Concierge and Director of Heritage at flagship Fairmont San Francisco  appears  as a flurry of activity by both guests and staff ensues. Elegant attire and indulgences appear. Chandeliers cast a golden glow over a soirée. With anticipation rising  the celebration reaches its crescendo  bringing with it the realization: Fairmont Makes Special Happen.Make Special Happen isn’t just a campaign  it's part of our brand DNA and is the sentiment we make our guests feel. Fairmont hotels are social epicenters that blend genuine encounters with the heart of the action  creating vibrant spaces where communities gather. Occasions are celebrated  milestones are marked  and history is made every day at our 94 properties in 30 countries globally. Bringing to life our first new global brand campaign in many years marks another special  history-making moment. ‘Make Special Happen’ reaffirms Fairmont’s core identity and what sets it apart in a way that reaches a new and discerning audience. Omer Acar  CEO  Fairmont RafflesUpon launch  the campaign will leverage a blend of still imagery alongside video showcasing the Fairmont film. A 360-degree paid media plan comprising of global print  online and social titles are being activated in two phases commencing May-July and then September-October when all owned  earned and paid media channels will be fully live. Key regions for the campaign include North America  Canada  Asia  the Middle East and Europe with a particular focus on national  travel and lifestyle publications in these markets.Though the first iteration of the campaign focuses on a party  it was important for Fairmont to demonstrate that making special happen isn’t just about major galas and events  but it’s also about making every moment of every day special in its own way. The brand is bringing this to life in the hotels with the concurrent launch of “Special Happens…”  a collection of unique offerings which immerse a guest or local into their own unforgettable experience:Special Happens... After Dark – a series of nocturnal fetes and adventures  such as private access to the spa after hours for a wellness ritual under the stars at Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa or Fairmont Austin  or an “anywhere dinner” on the lush grounds of Fairmont Royal Palm Marrakesh.– a series of nocturnal fetes and adventures  such as private access to the spa after hours for a wellness ritual under the stars at Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa or Fairmont Austin  or an “anywhere dinner” on the lush grounds of Fairmont Royal Palm Marrakesh. Special Happens... In the Wild – indulgent experiences in the heart of nature  such as Fairmont Empress’ famed afternoon tea on the beach  in a rain forest  or at the foot of a waterfall; or taking a seaplane from Fairmont Chateau Whistler to do guided yoga and meditation under a waterfall.– indulgent experiences in the heart of nature  such as Fairmont Empress’ famed afternoon tea on the beach  in a rain forest  or at the foot of a waterfall; or taking a seaplane from Fairmont Chateau Whistler to do guided yoga and meditation under a waterfall. Special Happens... Around the Table – embracing the power of mixology and dining  from playing chocolatier for a day  crafting your own one-of-a-kind chocolate bar with Fairmont Orchid  to participating in the ancient Hawaiian art of imu cooking  from private foraging experience to all-day roasting in an underground oven with Fairmont Kea Lani.– embracing the power of mixology and dining  from playing chocolatier for a day  crafting your own one-of-a-kind chocolate bar with Fairmont Orchid  to participating in the ancient Hawaiian art of imu cooking  from private foraging experience to all-day roasting in an underground oven with Fairmont Kea Lani. Special Happens... In the Spotlight – a vibrant tapestry of moments inspired by the arts  culture  music and performance  from being welcomed into the home of a local chef or artisan to learn a craft that has been passed down for generations with Fairmont Jaipur  to a visit to the private home of Claude Nobs  famed founder of the Montreux Jazz Festival  not normally open to the public  arranged by Fairmont Le Montreux Palace.Fairmont will continue to add new experiences to the collection throughout 2025.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['New Global Brand Campaign', 'Cinematic Tribute', 'Storied Celebrators', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'Resorts', 'Happen', 'Heritage', '360-degree paid media plan', 'first new global brand campaign', 'World-renowned luxury hospitality brand', 'flagship Fairmont San Francisco', 'Jean Claude Thibaut', 'United Nations Charter', 'New York City', 'North American spirit', 'beloved Golden Retriever', 'The Wellness Enthusiast', 'modern design hotels', 'Fairmont Royal York', 'Truman Capote era', 'special, history-making moment', 'new era', 'first concierge', 'media channels', 'first iteration', 'new campaign', 'history-making moments', 'golden glow', 'bygone era', 'The Celebrationist', 'The Porter', 'The Linksman', 'The Muse', 'The Legends', 'Hong Kong', 'storied celebrations', 'silver screen', 'resulting campaign', 'award-winning filmmaker', 'refined elegance', 'White Ball', 'John Lennon', 'Yoko Ono', 'celebratory moments', 'particular influence', 'incredible backdrop', 'special moments', 'incredible project', 'charismatic cast', 'playful moments', 'Grande Dame', 'grand corridors', 'favorite places', 'dance floor', 'special guest', 'Tom Wolfe', 'Chief Concierge', 'staff ensues', 'Elegant attire', 'soirée', 'social epicenters', 'genuine encounters', 'vibrant spaces', 'many years', 'core identity', 'Omer Acar', 'social titles', 'two phases', 'Key regions', 'Middle East', 'national, travel', 'lifestyle publications', 'major galas', 'Special Happens', 'unique offerings', 'centurion heritage', 'rich heritage', 'incredible heritage', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'Fairmont colleagues', 'Fairmont Doha', 'Fairmont Tokyo', 'Fairmont experience', 'Fairmont gym', 'Fairmont Raffles', 'classic film', 'momentous occasions', 'discerning audience', 'still imagery', 'particular focus', 'concurrent launch', 'grand celebration', 'unforgettable celebration', 'creative team', 'Fairmont film', 'Fairmont guests', 'Singapore', 'Resorts', 'homage', 'host', 'legacy', 'build-up', 'Partners', 'Toronto', 'charm', 'tribute', 'allure', 'adventure', 'today', 'signing', 'Black', 'bed', 'peace', 'Montreal', 'stage', 'skyline', 'destinations', 'inspiration', 'essence', 'friendship', 'togetherness', 'values', 'heart', 'joy', 'gathering', 'mix', 'stills', 'artwork', 'characters', 'series', 'intriguing', 'invites', 'mission', 'town', 'Makers', 'family', 'travels', 'Leisure', 'night', 'cocktails', 'time', 'right', 'Director', 'flurry', 'activity', 'indulgences', 'Chandeliers', 'anticipation', 'crescendo', 'realization', 'DNA', 'action', 'communities', 'milestones', '94 properties', '30 countries', 'way', 'CEO', 'blend', 'video', 'online', 'May', 'September-October', 'Canada', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'markets', 'party', 'events', 'collection']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,hospitalitynet.org
50803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084517/0/en/Update-on-and-end-of-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers.html,Update on and end of share buy-back programme ForFarmers,Lochem  20 May 2025  Update on and end of share buy-back programme ForFarmers   ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 37 881 shares on 19 May 2025....,Lochem  20 May 2025Update on and end of share buy-back programme ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 37 881 shares on 19 May 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €4.36 per share  for a total amount of €165 260. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 April 2025. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes. It concerns a maximum of 400 000 shares  for a maximum amount of €2 400 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to this programme is 400 000 shares  for a total amount of €1 675 903. ForFarmers has herewith completed the share buy-back programme.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions).Note to the editor:ForFarmers  Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof  T: +31 (0) 573 28 88 00Company profileForFarmers N.V. (‘ForFarmers’) is a company offering complete feed solutions for (organic) livestock farming. With its mission statement ‘For the Future of Farming’  ForFarmers is committed to future-proof farming and making the agricultural sector even more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to good returns and a robust long-term earnings model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open mind to the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming.With sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the UK and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 700 employees. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  PO Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu - www.forfarmersgroup.eu/enFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis document contains forward-looking statements that include ForFarmers' regulatory capital and liquidity positions under certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  statements containing words such as ''intends''  ''expects''  ''takes into account''  ''aims at''  ''has the plan''  ''estimates'' and words of similar purport. These statements concern or may affect future matters  such as ForFarmers' future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from the expected future results or performance implicitly or explicitly contained in forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause  or contribute to  differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  taxation  case law and regulations  fluctuations in stock prices  legal proceedings  investigations by regulators  competitive conditions  and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the latest published annual report. The forward-looking statements contained in this document relate solely to statements as of the date of this document  and ForFarmers assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  whether in connection with new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is required by law to do so.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.23,0.43,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'Update', 'end', 'ForFarmers', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'robust long-term earnings model', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'general economic conditions', 'complete feed solutions', 'share buy-back programme', 'organic) livestock farming', 'ForFarmers N.V.', ""ForFarmers' regulatory capital"", 'future financial results', 'annual report', 'animal feed', 'competitive conditions', 'actual results', 'average price', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof', 'mission statement', 'agricultural sector', 'good returns', 'open mind', 'sustainable food', '9 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'production operations', 'head office', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'PO Box', 'liquidity positions', 'specified scenarios', 'similar purport', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'current expectations', 'stock prices', 'legal proceedings', 'forward-looking statement', 'future results', 'More information', 'inside information', 'future-proof farming', 'new information', 'future matters', 'future events', 'ForFarmers website', 'maximum amount', 'total number', '7240 AB Lochem', 'case law', 'other factors', 'Company profile', 'statements', '20 May', 'Update', 'end', '37,881 shares', '19 May', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '17 April', 'obligations', '400,000 shares', 'forfarmersgroup', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'goal', 'way', 'knowledge', 'advice', 'support', 'products', 'contribution', 'affordable', 'sales', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'UK', 'exports', '2,700 employees', 'document', 'addition', 'limitation', 'words', 'account', 'estimates', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'differences', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'regulations', 'fluctuations', 'investigations', 'regulators', 'latest', 'responsibility', 'announcement', 'connection', '31', '573']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3085257/0/en/Unifiedpost-Group-rebrands-to-Banqup-Group-reinforcing-its-position-as-a-pure-play-SaaS-provider.html,Unifiedpost Group rebrands to Banqup Group  reinforcing its position as a pure-play SaaS provider,Press Release - Regulated Information   Unifiedpost Group rebrands to Banqup Group  reinforcing its position as a pure-play SaaS provider  La Hulpe ......,Press Release - Regulated InformationUnifiedpost Group rebrands to Banqup Group  reinforcing its position as a pure-play SaaS providerLa Hulpe  Belgium – 20 May 2025  22:00 CET – REGULATED INFORMATION – Banqup Group SA  formerly Unifiedpost Group SA  (Euronext: UPG) (Banqup  Company)  a leading provider of integrated business communications solutions  held an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) and Annual General Meeting (AGM).The shareholders approved all proposed resolutions (here)  including:EGM: Strategic rebranding from Unifiedpost Group SA to Banqup Group SA across the Group. This further underpins our focus on core digital services and aligns our business as a pure-play SaaS provider. The rebranding offers our stakeholders a clear understanding of our product and value proposition  reinforcing our commitment to growth in e-invoicing and payment solutions.AGM: Enhanced governance with the approval of the updated remuneration policy and the appointment of four new Board members:Nicolas de Beco  representing Beco Global Consulting LLC  as executive directorNathalie Van Den Haute  representing Quilaudem BV  as non-executive directorKoen Hoffman  representing Ahok BV  as an independent directorLeanne Kemp as an independent directorThe minutes  voting results and presentation of the AGM will be available on the shareholder page (here) in thecoming days.Financial Calendar:22 May 2025: Publication of the Q1 2025 business update26 August 2025: Publication of the H1 2025 results (webcast)13 November 2025: Publication of the Q3 2025 business updateContactAlex NicollInvestor RelationsBanqup Groupalex.nicoll@unifiedpost.comAbout Banqup GroupBanqup Group delivers integrated cloud-based SaaS solutions to streamline business transactions across the entire lifecycle  from e-invoicing and e-payments to tax reporting. Banqup  our solution for businesses  unifies purchase-to-pay  order-to-cash  e-invoicing compliance  and e-payments into one secure platform  removing the complexity of juggling disconnected tools. eFaktura World  our solution for governments  is a comprehensive digital platform designed for tax administrations to implement e-invoicing and streamline both B2G and B2B tax reporting flows. To learn more about Banqup Group and our solutions  please visit our website: Unifiedpost Group | Global leaders in digital solutionsCautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: The statements contained herein may include prospects  statements of future expectations  opinions  and other forward-looking statements in relation to the expected future performance of Banqup Group and the markets in which it is active. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions regarding future events. By nature  they involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that appear justified at the time at which they are made but may not turn out to be accurate. Actual results  performance or events may  therefore  differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law  Banqup Group does not undertake any obligation to update  clarify or correct any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise and disclaims any liability in respect hereto. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['pure-play SaaS provider', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'Banqup Group', 'position', 'Nathalie Van Den Haute', 'four new Board members', 'Beco Global Consulting LLC', 'Q3 2025 business update Contact', 'integrated cloud-based SaaS solutions', 'B2B tax reporting flows', 'integrated business communications solutions', 'Nicolas de Beco', 'Q1 2025 business update', 'pure-play SaaS provider', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'one secure platform', 'core digital services', 'comprehensive digital platform', 'Unifiedpost Group SA', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Banqup Group SA', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Banqup Group alex', 'digital solutions', 'Global leaders', 'new information', 'business transactions', 'leading provider', 'tax administrations', 'payment solutions', 'other factors', 'Press Release', 'Regulated Information', 'La Hulpe', 'clear understanding', 'value proposition', 'remuneration policy', 'executive director', 'Quilaudem BV', 'Koen Hoffman', 'Ahok BV', 'independent director', 'Leanne Kemp', 'voting results', 'shareholder page', 'Financial Calendar', 'H1 2025 results', 'Alex Nicoll', 'Investor Relations', 'entire lifecycle', 'disconnected tools', 'eFaktura World', 'Cautionary note', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'Actual results', 'applicable law', 'undue reliance', 'future events', 'Strategic rebranding', 'invoicing compliance', 'future performance', 'Belgium', '20 May', '22:00 CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'EGM', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'resolutions', 'focus', 'stakeholders', 'product', 'commitment', 'growth', 'e-invoicing', 'governance', 'approval', 'appointment', 'minutes', 'presentation', 'coming', 'Publication', '26 August', 'webcast', 'November', 'payments', 'businesses', 'cash', 'complexity', 'governments', 'B2G', 'website', 'prospects', 'opinions', 'expected', 'markets', 'management', 'assumptions', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'obligation', 'light', 'liability', 'respect', 'reader', 'Attachment']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084509/0/en/Weekly-progress-on-share-repurchase-program-to-cover-share-plans-and-reduce-capital.html,Weekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital,Press Release  Weekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital  Kaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht...,Press ReleaseWeekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capitalKaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht (Netherlands)  May 20  2025dsm-firmenich  innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  announced on February 13  2025 its intention to repurchase ordinary shares with an aggregate market value of €1 billion and reduce its issued capital  starting with an initial €500 million. On April 1  2025  the company commenced a program to repurchase ordinary shares for a total amount of €580 million  of which €80 million to cover commitments under the Group’s share-based compensation plans and €500 million to reduce its issued capital.In accordance with regulations  dsm-firmenich informs the market that during the period from May 12  2025 up to and including May 16  2025 a total number of 496 456 shares have been repurchased on its behalf. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €95.99 per share for a total amount of €47.7 million.The total number of shares repurchased under this program to date is 1 599 083 shares at an average price of €92.86 for a total consideration of €148.5 million.This €580 million share repurchase program will be completed no later than six months from the start date  and thereafter an additional €500 million share repurchase program is intended upon the completion of the sale of dsm-firmenich’s stake in the Feed Enzymes Alliance.For more detailed information see ‘Daily transaction details Share Repurchase Program announced April 1  2025’.For more information  please contact:dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries:Email: investors@dsm-firmenich.comdsm-firmenich media enquiries:Email: media@dsm-firmenich.comAbout dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world’s growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss company with dual headquarters in Kaiseraugst  Switzerland and Maastricht  Netherlands  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people. www.dsm-firmenich.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute or form part of  an offer or any solicitation of an offer for securities in any jurisdiction. This press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich’s future. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. This communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'share plans', 'Weekly progress', 'capital', 'additional €500 million share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', '€580 million share repurchase program', 'dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries', 'Feed Enzymes Alliance', 'Daily transaction details', 'diverse, worldwide team', 'English language version', 'other language versions', 'aggregate market value', 'share-based compensation plans', 'dsm-firmenich media enquiries', 'share plans', 'Press Release', 'total amount', 'total number', 'average price', 'total consideration', 'vital nutrients', 'growing population', 'comprehensive range', 'renewable ingredients', 'renowned science', 'technology capabilities', 'dual headquarters', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'actual performance', 'Weekly progress', 'start date', 'detailed information', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'inside information', 'ordinary shares', 'Swiss company', '496,456 shares', '1,599,083 shares', 'capital', 'Kaiseraugst', 'Switzerland', 'Maastricht', 'Netherlands', 'innovators', 'nutrition', 'health', 'beauty', 'February', 'intention', 'initial', 'April', 'commitments', 'Group', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'period', 'May', 'behalf', 'six', 'completion', 'sale', 'stake', 'Email', 'investors', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'solutions', 'natural', 'life', 'consumers', 'planet', 'operations', '60 countries', 'revenues', '30,000 employees', 'billions', 'people', 'Disclaimer', 'part', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'forward', 'respect', 'future', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'position', 'obligation', 'law', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084516/0/en/CROSSJECT-prepares-for-the-launch-of-a-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-rights-of-around-5-million-euros-in-preparation-for-commercial-and-production-activities-link.html,CROSSJECT prepares for the launch of a capital increase with preferential subscription rights of around 5 million euros in preparation for commercial and production activities linked to EUA approval,Press Release    CROSSJECT prepares for the launch of a capital increase with preferential subscription rights of around 5 million euros in preparation...,"Press ReleaseCROSSJECT prepares for the launch of a capital increase with preferential subscription rights of around 5 million euros in preparation for commercial and production activities linked to EUA approvalThe amount of the proposed transaction (“the Offer”) might be increased to around 5.8 million euros if the extension clause is exercised;Gemmes Venture  the Company's reference shareholder  announced its intention to guarantee the capital increase in cash up to the amount required for its completion (i.e. 75% of the initial amount of the issue);Heights Capital Management is supporting the Offer.Dijon  France  May 20  2025 (7.30 AM CET)- CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  the specialty pharma company in advanced phases of development and registration for ZEPIZURE®  an emergency injectable for the management of epilepsy crises  plans to launch a capital increase with maintenance of preferential subscription rights in early June  for a gross amount of around 5.0 million euros (“the Offer”)  which might be increased to around 5.8 million euros if the extension clause is exercised.Patrick ALEXANDRE  CEO of CROSSJECT highlighted: «In line with our progress towards a rapid filing of the ZEPIZURE® dossier with the FDA under the EUA procedure  we aim to have the necessary resources and financial flexibility to meet the demands of our US partner. Subject to FDA approval  our entire team is focused on our ability to deliver in response to the CHEMPACK program in support of US national preparedness against chemical threats. We also continue to be proactive in building our commercial infrastructure in the USA. »Preliminary characteristics of the OfferThe planned Offer would consist of a capital increase through the issue of new shares with maintenance of preferential subscription rights.The capital increase would be decided in accordance with the authorization granted by the Supervisory Board at its meeting of May 19  2025  and with the 7th resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting of June 27  2024  under which the shareholders delegated authority to the Managing Board to issue ordinary shares with pre-emptive subscription rights  up to a maximum nominal amount of 900 000 euros  excluding any preservation of rights.The transaction will be the subject of a specific press release at the time of the decision to launch the transaction  setting out the terms and conditions and the timetable. In view of the transaction  CROSSJECT will shortly suspend the exercise of dilutive instruments (warrants1 and convertible bonds (“OCA”)2).Objectives of the OfferAs announced on May 7  CROSSJECT continues to focus on the preparation of the EUA submission to the FDA and remains on schedule to finalize production of the validation batches in June. In addition  CROSSJECT has started a first production run of EUA batches  intended for the first delivery of the CHEMPACK program as part of the US national preparedness against chemical threats  in agreement with its American partner  the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). CROSSJECT continues to allocate a significant portion of its resources also to its infrastructure in the United States and to its other product candidates.In this context  the Company intends to use the net proceeds of the issue as follows:- Approximately 60% will be allocated to the final development phases of ZEPIZURE® and to the initiation of production steps  including the related build-up of inventories  ahead of any reimbursement by the U.S. partner;- Approximately 40% will be used to finance R&D for its other projects  ZENEO® Adrenaline and ZENEO® Hydrocortisone  to repay certain financial creditors  and to cover general and administrative expenses and corporate development expenses  particularly in the United States.If the Offer is limited to 75% of the issue  i.e. around 3.8 million euros  CROSSJECT will allocate the net proceeds to the above activities on a pro rata basis  giving priority  nevertheless  to activities linked to the registration and to the production of ZEPIZURE®.With the net proceeds of the Offer  the Company estimates that its net working capital would be sufficient to meet its obligations until the end of 2025  assuming the first payments from its American partner following the first deliveries. The Company is considering dilutive and non-dilutive financing complements to extend its cash runway until receipt of the first payments from its US sponsor  expected in the third quarter of 2025. The Company might also receive additional funds from the exercise of the warrants issued on December 13  2024 for up to a maximum amount of around €10.2 million  to meet additional potential financing needs.Subscription intents of certain important shareholdersGemmes Venture  a 26% reference shareholder in the Company  announced its intention to guarantee the Offer in cash up to the amount required for its completion (i.e. 75% of the initial amount of the issue).The OCA holder affiliated with Heights Capital Management  Inc. (“Heights”) has also already indicated its intention to subscribe to the planned capital increase by offsetting against its claim of around 0.5 million euros corresponding to the cash reimbursement of the final redemption date of the OCA on April 28  2025.Risk factorsThe Company draws the public's attention to the risk factors relating to the Company and its activities presented in its 2024 Annual Report  available on the Company's website (www.crossject.com).DocumentationInsofar as the amount of the Offer is less than 8 million euros (calculated over a 12-month period)  the planned Offer will not give rise to a prospectus approved by the AMF.About CROSSJECTCROSSJECT SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com ) is an emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform. CROSSJECT is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract* with BARDA. The Company’s versatile ZENEO® platform is designed to enable patients or untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver a broad range of emergency drugs via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include mainly solutions for allergic shocks and adrenal insufficiencies  as well as therapies and other emergency indications.* This project has been supported in whole or in part with federal funds from the US Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; BARDA  under contract number 75A50122C00031.***For further information  please contact:Investor Relationsinvestors@crossject.comDISCLAIMERThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute either an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  securities of CROSSJECT.No communication or information in respect of the offering by the Company of its shares may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The Company takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person.This announcement does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering  a sale offer nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area (including France) (the “Member States”)  no action has been or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any Member State. As a result  the securities of the Company may not and will not be offered in any Member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant Member State.For the purposes of the provision above  the expression “offer to the public” in relation to any shares of the Company in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any securities  as the same may be varied in that Member State. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended from time to time  and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Member State.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). In addition  in accordance with the authorisation granted by the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting dated June 27  2024  only the persons pertaining to the categories specified in the 9th and 11th resolutions of such meeting may subscribe to the offering.This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale nor the solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction where such offer may be restricted. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The securities of the Company have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and the Company does not intend to make a public offering of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this document (which term shall include any form of communication) is restricted pursuant to Section 21 (Restrictions on ""financial promotion"") of Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FMSA”). This document is only being distributed to and directed at persons who (i) are outside the United Kingdom  (ii) have professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the definition of investment professionals in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the “Financial Promotion Order”)  (iii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iv) are persons to whom this communication may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons referred to in (i)  (ii)  (iii) and (iv) above together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document must not be acted on or relied on in the United Kingdom by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons  and will be engaged in only with such persons in the United Kingdom.This document may not be distributed  directly  in or into the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.1 3 635 756 warrants issued on December 13  2024  exercisable until December 13  2027  listed on Euronext Growth Paris under Isin code FR001400UR90.2 Issue of 2 tranches of bonds convertible into new shares or redeemable in cash (OCAs) issued on February 28  2024 and February 7  2025  maturing on December 28  2027.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['preferential subscription rights', 'capital increase', '5 million euros', 'production activities', 'EUA approval', 'CROSSJECT', 'launch', 'preparation', 'commercial', 'additional potential financing needs', 'non-dilutive financing complements', 'pro rata basis', 'US national preparedness', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'other product candidates', 'preferential subscription rights', 'pre-emptive subscription rights', 'U.S. partner', 'specific press release', 'final development phases', 'corporate development expenses', 'net working capital', 'specialty pharma company', 'maximum nominal amount', 'Heights Capital Management', 'Annual General Meeting', 'first production run', 'The OCA holder', 'advanced phases', 'additional funds', 'Subscription intents', 'US partner', 'other projects', 'administrative expenses', 'US sponsor', 'capital increase', 'American partner', 'net proceeds', 'maximum amount', 'first delivery', 'first payments', 'first deliveries', 'EUA approval', 'extension clause', 'Gemmes Venture', 'reference shareholder', '30 AM CET', 'epilepsy crises', 'Patrick ALEXANDRE', 'rapid filing', 'EUA procedure', 'financial flexibility', 'entire team', 'CHEMPACK program', 'chemical threats', 'Preliminary characteristics', 'new shares', 'Supervisory Board', '7th resolution', 'Managing Board', 'ordinary shares', 'convertible bonds', 'EUA submission', 'validation batches', 'EUA batches', 'significant portion', 'United States', 'related build-up', 'R&D', 'ZENEO® Adrenaline', 'ZENEO® Hydrocortisone', 'financial creditors', 'third quarter', '5 million euros', '5.8 million euros', '5.0 million euros', '3.8 million euros', 'production steps', 'initial amount', 'gross amount', 'Development Authority', 'necessary resources', 'dilutive instruments', 'important shareholders', 'The Company', 'early June', 'FDA approval', 'cash runway', 'ZEPIZURE® dossier', 'production activities', 'commercial infrastructure', '900,000 euros', 'CROSSJECT', 'launch', 'preparation', 'transaction', 'Offer', 'intention', 'completion', 'issue', 'Dijon', 'France', 'May', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'registration', 'emergency', 'maintenance', 'CEO', 'progress', 'demands', 'ability', 'response', 'support', 'USA', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'preservation', 'subject', 'time', 'decision', 'terms', 'conditions', 'view', 'exercise', 'warrants1', 'Objectives', 'schedule', 'agreement', 'BARDA', 'context', 'initiation', 'inventories', 'reimbursement', 'priority', 'obligations', 'end', 'receipt', 'December']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084525/0/en/After-a-Spanish-creative-agency-joins-the-D%C3%A9kuple-Group.html,After  a Spanish creative agency  joins the Dékuple Group,After  a Spanish creative agency  joins the Dékuple Group   A new step to further strengthen the Group's footprint in Spain and develop its European......,"After  a Spanish creative agency  joins the Dékuple GroupA new step to further strengthen the Group's footprint in Spain and develop its European leadershipParis  20 May 2025 (8:00am) - The Dékuple Group  a leader in communication and data marketing in Europe  is announcing its partnership with After  a creative agency located in Barcelona. This merger is part of the Group's international growth strategy. Based on a multi-entrepreneurial model  it aims to strengthen the Group's European presence and expand its expertise in creativity and engagement marketing to better serve large accounts and mid-market clients.A key milestone in Dékuple’s international expansionAlready present in Spain for more than 20 years through its subsidiary Dékuple Ibéria and since 2024 through its consulting firm Converteo  this integration of the After agency further strengthens Dékuple's foothold in the Iberian market.Following expansions in Germany and the Netherlands over the past six months  this new integration marks another strategic step in the Group's 2030 ambition to become a European leader in communication and data marketing. To achieve this  the Group is building a network of high value-added agencies in Europe  combining local market insight  creativity  data marketing expertise  technology  artificial intelligence  a full funnel approach  and operational excellence. The goal is to deliver a measurable and lasting impact and support clients in their transformation challenges.The Group aims to leverage synergies and complementary expertise  while favoring an agile  multi-entrepreneurial model that is open to the world. Each entity will retain its management and strategic and operational independence  enabling After  Dékuple Iberia and Converteo Spain to pursue their own objectives while taking advantage of the commercial opportunities offered by the Dékuple ecosystem.By combining After's creative strength with the technological and data-driven expertise of Dékuple Iberia and Converteo Spain  the Group affirms its commitment to building an integrated  differentiated and scalable offering  capable of delivering more effective marketing that is deeply rooted in local cultural specificities. The Group's objective is to further support both local and multi-country clients in the Spanish market.A Creative Agency Born to DisruptFounded in Barcelona in 2007 by Risto Mejide and Marc Ros  the charismatic and media-savvy founding duo  After has become a leading agency with a strong vision for storytelling and advertising innovation. Now led by Marc Ros  After is an independent creative agency   with offices n Barcelona  Valencia and Madrid  and is one of the top three independent agencies in Spain. Recognized for its ability to combine creativity  innovation and responsible commitment  it supports brands in designing powerful  sustainable and distinctive communication strategies.After offers end-to-end services from strategy to execution  covering brand strategy  visual identity  integrated campaigns  social media content  and event activations. Recognized for its ability to combine creativity  innovation  and responsible commitment  the agency places particular emphasis on the social and environmental impact of the solutions it creates. As a long-term partner  After designs bold and effective campaigns for national and international brands  always aligned with each brand's challenges and identity.""We are already established in Portugal and Spain  through our subsidiary Dékuple Iberia  and recently with the subsidiary of our consulting firm Converteo. Spain was the first country in which the Group began its international expansion  and we are deeply committed to continuing to grow our expertise  support our clients  and enhance our brand presence. Our goal is to continue the Group's development in Spain and Europe to meet the transnational needs of our local and global clients in terms of creativity  data  and technology. We are therefore delighted to welcome After and its more than 100 employees into our ecosystem of creative and marketing agencies. This move will enable Dékuple to expand its offering across Europe and offer new creative levers to our clients. At the same time  it will provide After with the opportunity to broaden its service offering to key accounts and compete in international tenders “ explains Bertrand Laurioz  Chairman and CEO of the Dékuple Group.Marc Ros  CEO of After  added: “This strategic partnership is a natural fit. Our creative and strategic leadership perfectly complements Dékuple’s technological and data-driven strengths. Their strong presence in Spain with Dékuple Iberia and Converteo enhances our local roots and opens new synergies. Together  we can offer our clients a unique combination of creativity  technology  data  and marketing performance  while maintaining our independence and entrepreneurial spirit”.Strengthening the Dékuple Group's foothold in SpainThe Dékuple Group has been active in Spain for over 20 years through its subsidiary Dékuple Iberia. It supports large companies with effective marketing strategies focused on promotional marketing  local marketing  and also loyalty and incentive programs– all designed to engage customers and employees over the long term through tailor-made platforms.In 2024  the Group reached a new milestone by opening an office in Madrid for its consulting firm Converteo  bringing additional expertise to the Spanish market and further enhancing the Group's synergies.With this majority stake acquisition  After will be consolidated into Dékuple’s accounts as of May 1  2025. The agency generates annual net sales of over €10 million and a gross margin of more than €5 million.About DÉKUPLEDÉKUPLE is a European leader for data marketing and communication. Its expert capabilities combining consulting  creativity  data and technology enable it to support brands with the transformation of their marketing to drive their business performance. The Group designs and implements client acquisition  loyalty and relationship management solutions for its partners and clients across all distribution channels. The Group works with more than 500 brands  from major groups to mid-market firms  in Europe and around the world. Founded in 1972  DÉKUPLE recorded net sales of €218m in 2024. Present in Europe  North America and China  the Group employs more than 1 100 people guided by its core values: a conquering spirit  respect and collaboration. DÉKUPLE is listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris – Compartment C. ISIN: FR0000062978 – DKUPL.www.dekuple.comContactsDÉKUPLEInvestor Relations & Financial Informationtel: +33 (0)1 41 58 72 03 - relations.investisseurs@dekuple.comACTUS FINANCE & COMMUNICATIONCyril Combe - tel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 36 - dekuple@actus.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Spanish creative agency', 'Dékuple Group', 'subsidiary Dékuple Ibéria', 'top three independent agencies', 'The Dékuple Group', 'past six months', 'high value-added agencies', 'full funnel approach', 'Dékuple Iberia', 'media-savvy founding duo', 'agile, multi-entrepreneurial model', 'Dékuple ecosystem', 'local cultural specificities', 'social media content', 'independent creative agency', 'distinctive communication strategies', 'new creative levers', 'local market insight', 'international growth strategy', 'Spanish creative agency', 'data marketing expertise', 'marketing agencies', 'The Group', 'Spanish market', 'Iberian market', 'new step', 'international expansion', 'international tenders', 'engagement marketing', 'effective marketing', 'leading agency', 'marketing performance', 'creative strength', 'European leadership', 'European presence', 'large accounts', 'key milestone', 'consulting firm', 'artificial intelligence', 'operational excellence', 'lasting impact', 'commercial opportunities', 'integrated, differentiated', 'Risto Mejide', 'Marc Ros', 'strong vision', 'powerful, sustainable', 'integrated campaigns', 'event activations', 'particular emphasis', 'environmental impact', 'long-term partner', 'effective campaigns', 'first country', 'transnational needs', 'same time', 'key accounts', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'natural fit', 'data-driven strengths', 'strong presence', 'local roots', 'unique combination', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'large companies', 'complementary expertise', 'data-driven expertise', 'new integration', 'strategic step', 'strategic leadership', 'new synergies', 'international brands', 'responsible commitment', 'brand strategy', 'brand presence', 'transformation challenges', 'operational independence', 'scalable offering', 'end services', 'visual identity', 'After agency', 'mid-market clients', 'multi-country clients', 'global clients', 'advertising innovation', 'strategic partnership', 'Converteo Spain', 'footprint', 'Paris', '20 May', '00am', 'Barcelona', 'merger', 'creativity', '20 years', 'foothold', 'expansions', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', '2030 ambition', 'network', 'technology', 'goal', 'measurable', 'support', 'world', 'management', 'objectives', 'advantage', 'technological', 'charismatic', 'storytelling', 'offices', 'Valencia', 'Madrid', 'ability', 'execution', 'solutions', 'designs', 'bold', 'Portugal', 'development', 'terms', '100 employees', 'move', 'opportunity', 'Chairman', 'CEO']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3085130/0/en/Description-of-Ayvens-share-buyback-programme.html,Description of Ayvens share buyback programme,Approved by the combined General Meeting dated 19 May 2025  This description is drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Articles 241-1 and 241-2...,Approved by the combined General Meeting dated 19 May 2025This description is drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Articles 241-1 and 241-2 I of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).Date of the General Meeting called to approve the share buyback programmeThe authorisation for the Company to buy its own shares was approved at the combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated 19 May 2025.Breakdown by objective of the securities heldAs at 15 May 2025  Ayvens held 626 068 of its own shares  representing 0.08% of its share capital. The allocation of the shares is as follows:Cancellation 0Allocation to employees and executive officers 484 981Exercise of rights attached to securities 0Liquidity agreement 141 087External growth 0Implement market practices 0Purposes of the share buyback programmeAyvens has received authorisations to purchase its own shares  to:a. cancel them  pursuant to the 17th resolution of the combined General Shareholders' Meeting held on 19 May 2025;b. allocate  cover and honour any free shares or employee savings plans and any type of allocation for the benefit of employees or corporate officers of the Company or affiliated companies under the terms and conditions stipulated or permitted by French or foreign law  particularly in the context of participation in the results of the expansion of the Company  the granting of free shares  any employee shareholding plans as well as completing any related transactions to cover the aforementioned employee shareholding plans;c. provide shares upon the exercise of rights attached to securities giving access to the share capital of the Company;d. market making activities under a liquidity contract  signed with an investment services provider  in compliance with the market practices permitted by the AMF (“Autorité des Marchés Financiers”);e. retain and later tender as part of the Group's external growth transactions;f. implement any market practice that may become recognised by law or by the AMF.Maximum amount allocated to the share buyback programme  maximum number and characteristics of the securities  maximum purchase priceThe resolution approved at the combined General Shareholders' Meeting provides that Ayvens can purchase its ordinary shares for an amount of up to 5% of the share capital at the date of making these purchases  it being specified that the maximum number of shares held after these purchases may not at any time exceed 10% of share capital.As at 15 May 2025  without taking into account the shares already held  a theoretical maximum number of 40 848 021 shares could be purchased. Given the number of securities already held at this date and the possibility to hold an amount of shares representing up to 10% of the share capital  the Company could purchase up to 40 221 953 shares.The maximum purchase price was set at EUR 28.60 per share. The authorisation limits the amount of funds allocated to the programme to EUR 600 million.Duration of share buyback programmeThe combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated 19 May 2025 set the duration of the authorisation for the Company to buy and sell its own shares at 18 months from the date of the General Meeting.Fulfilment of prudential requirementsThe Board of Directors will ensure that the execution of these buybacks will be carried out in accordance with prudential requirements as defined by the regulation and the European Central Bank.About Ayvens Ayvens is a leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With more than 14 000 employees across 41 countries  3.2 million vehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet  we are in a unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: AYV). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comPress contact Elise BooréeCommunications DepartmentTel: +33 (0)6 25 01 24 16elise.booree@ayvens.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.32,0.36,True,English,"['Ayvens share buyback programme', 'Description', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Elise Boorée Communications Department', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'largest multi-brand EV fleet', 'French Financial Markets Authority', ""combined General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'combined General Meeting', 'employee savings plans', 'employee shareholding plans', 'investment services provider', 'European Central Bank', 'flexible subscription services', 'large international corporates', 'maximum purchase price', 'Societe Generale Group', 'share buyback programme', 'external growth transactions', 'theoretical maximum number', 'Ayvens majority shareholder', 'fleet management', 'mobility sector', 'General Regulation', 'related transactions', 'share capital', 'executive officers', 'Liquidity agreement', 'corporate officers', 'affiliated companies', 'liquidity contract', 'prudential requirements', 'multi-mobility solutions', 'private individuals', '3.2 million vehicles', 'unique position', 'digital transformation', 'Compartment A', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press contact', 'market practices', 'Maximum amount', '17th resolution', 'foreign law', 'free shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Ayvens Ayvens', '40,848,021 shares', '40,221,953 shares', 'May', 'description', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Date', 'authorisation', 'Company', 'Breakdown', 'objective', 'securities', 'allocation', 'Cancellation', 'employees', 'Exercise', 'rights', 'Implement', 'Purposes', 'type', 'benefit', 'terms', 'conditions', 'context', 'participation', 'results', 'expansion', 'granting', 'access', 'activities', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'characteristics', 'purchases', 'time', 'account', 'possibility', 'funds', 'Duration', '18 months', 'Fulfilment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'execution', 'buybacks', 'life', 'decades', 'SMEs', 'professionals', '41 countries', 'world', 'way', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'Tel', 'booree', 'Attachment', '6']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3085133/0/en/BIC-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-and-Board-of-Directors-of-Soci%C3%A9t%C3%A9-BIC-of-May-20th-2025.html,BIC: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting and Board of Directors of Société BIC of May 20th  2025,Combined Shareholders’ Meeting and Board of Directors of Société BIC of May 20th  2025  Nomination of Edouard Bich as Director and...,Combined Shareholders’ Meeting and Board of Directors of Société BIC of May 20th  2025Nomination of Edouard Bich as Director and Non-Executive Chair of the BoardRenewal of Gonzalve Bich as Director and Chief Executive OfficerNomination of Esther Gaide as Lead Independent Director  Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Remuneration CommitteeDistribution of ordinary dividend of 3 08 euros per shareClichy  France  May 20th  2025 – The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Société BIC was held on Tuesday  May 20th  2025  at the Cloud Business Center in Paris and was broadcast in live. A replay of the event  as well as the presentations  are available on the BIC website. It was chaired by Candace Matthews  Chair of the Nominations  Governance and CSR Committee  in the presence of Gonzalve Bich  Chief Executive Officer.All resolutions were adopted by the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting  including:the approval of the statutory accounts and consolidated accounts for the fiscal year 2024;the payment of an ordinary dividend of €3.08 per share;the renewal of the mandate of Gonzalve Bich as Director;the nomination of Edouard Bich as Director;the nomination of Esther Gaide as Independent Director;the remuneration of the Corporate Officers for the fiscal year 2024;the remuneration policy for the Corporate Officers for the fiscal year 2025;the authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to trade in the Company's shares (repurchase and cancellation of shares);the delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to carry out a share capital increase reserved for participants in a company stock ownership plan  with cancellation of preferential subscription rights;the delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to carry out a share capital increase to remunerate in kind contributions  with cancellation of preferential subscription rights; andthe various amendments to the Articles of Association submitted to the vote.The Board of Directors’ meeting following the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting appointed Edouard Bich as Non-Executive Chair of the Board and renewed Gonzalve Bich's term of office as Chief Executive Officer.The Board also welcomed Marie-Edmée Vallery-Radot  appointed as permanent representative of Société M.B.D. on the Board of Directors.Finally  the Board of Directors appointed Esther Gaide as Lead Independent Director  Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee.Following the appointment of Edouard Bich as Chair of the Board  both the CEO and the Chair are considered as non-independent under French corporate governance guidelines. In light of the Bich family’s recent announcement of its intention to hold 6 out of the 10 Board seats (excluding Directors representing the employees)  the Board has decided to appoint a Lead Independent Director. This appointment will strengthen Société BIC’s governance structure by preventing any potential conflicts of interest  and preserving the interests of minority shareholders  complying with the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Corporate Governance Code.Edouard Bich – Non-Executive ChairManaging Director of Société M.B.D.  permanent representative in Société BIC’s Board of Directors and Audit Committee since 2006Worked in the Finance Department of Procter and Gamble in France for 8 yearsFormerly manager of Platypus Capital SPRL in Belgium and member of the Supervisory Committee of Stockage Plus SAS FranceGonzalve Bich – Director and CEODirector and CEO of Société BIC since May 2018Executive Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer from June 2016 to May 2018Chief Operating Officer  responsible for the Group Consumer Products business  Human Resources and Information Technology from January 2017 to May 2018Joined BIC in 2003  where he held various sales positions in Europe and Asia  in the field of Human Resources  and MarketingEsther Gaide – Independent Director  Chair of the Audit Committee  member of the Remuneration Committee and Lead Independent DirectorDirector of several Board of Directors such as Iliad  Forvia or EvorielChief Finance Officer of Elior until April 2023More than 30 years of experience in finance in several international companies such as Bolloré  Havas and TechnicolorIn-depth knowledge of M&A  investors relations and financial process optimizationMarie-Edmée Vallery-Radot - Permanent representative of Société M.B.D.Chief Operating Officer for Société M.B.D.From 2016 to 2024: BIC Group – team member of the Commercial and Finance DepartmentsFrom 2011 to 2016: LVMH Group – retail team***ContactsBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comInvestor Relationsinvestors.info@bicworld.comBethridge ToovellVP Group Communications+1 917 821 4249bethridge.toovell@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAgendaAll dates are to be confirmedH1 2025 results July 30th  2025 Q3 2025 nets sales October 28th  2025About BICBIC is a world leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers. Its vision: to bring simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC's commitment to providing high-quality  affordable  and reliable products has made BIC a symbol of reliability and innovation. Present in more than 160 countries and with more than 13 000 employees worldwide  BIC brings together iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Colors™  BodyMark®  Cello®  Cristal®  Inkbox®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Rocketbook®  Tattly®  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer®  and many others. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indices  BIC is also recognized for its unwavering commitment to sustainability and education. To learn more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to discover the full range of BIC products  visit www.fr.bic.com. Follow BIC on LinkedIn  Instagram  YouTube and TikTok.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Société BIC', 'May 20th', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Société M.B.D.', 'company stock ownership plan', 'Group Consumer Products business', 'Stockage Plus SAS France', 'French corporate governance guidelines', 'AFEP-MEDEF Corporate Governance Code', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Société BIC', 'Cloud Business Center', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Marie-Edmée Vallery-Radot', 'Platypus Capital SPRL', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'financial process optimization', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'VP Group Communications', 'various sales positions', 'several international companies', 'share capital increase', 'Chief Finance Officer', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Lead Independent Director', 'M&A', 'BIC Group', 'Corporate Officers', 'minority shareholders', 'governance structure', 'Executive Vice-President', 'LVMH Group', 'BIC website', 'various amendments', 'investors relations', 'Press Relations', 'Directors’ meeting', 'Edouard Bich', 'Gonzalve Bich', 'Esther Gaide', 'Audit Committee', 'ordinary dividend', 'Candace Matthews', 'CSR Committee', 'statutory accounts', 'consolidated accounts', 'fiscal year', 'kind contributions', 'permanent representative', 'Bich family', 'recent announcement', 'potential conflicts', 'Finance Department', 'Supervisory Committee', 'Human Resources', 'Information Technology', 'In-depth knowledge', 'retail team', 'Isabelle de', 'H1 2025 results', 'Managing Director', 'Remuneration Committee', 'remuneration policy', 'several Board', 'May 20th', 'Non-Executive Chair', 'team member', 'CEO Director', '10 Board seats', 'Bethridge Toovell', 'Brice Paris', 'Nomination', 'Renewal', 'Distribution', '3,08 euros', 'Clichy', 'Tuesday', 'live', 'replay', 'event', 'presentations', 'presence', 'resolutions', 'approval', 'payment', 'mandate', 'authorization', 'shares', 'repurchase', 'cancellation', 'delegation', 'authority', 'participants', 'Articles', 'Association', 'vote', 'term', 'appointment', 'light', 'intention', 'employees', 'interest', 'recommendations', 'Procter', 'Gamble', '8 years', 'manager', 'Belgium', 'June', 'January', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'field', 'Marketing', 'Iliad', 'Forvia', 'Evoriel', 'Elior', 'April', 'More', '30 years', 'experience', 'Bolloré', 'Havas', 'Technicolor', 'Commercial', 'Contacts', 'bicworld', 'Segonzac', 'Image', 'Agenda', 'dates', 'Q3']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084515/0/en/Icelandic-Salmon-Challenging-first-quarter.html,Icelandic Salmon – Challenging first quarter,Bíldudalur  20 May 2025  Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax and its subsidiaries  which are involved in salmon farming and processing...,"Bíldudalur  20 May 2025Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax and its subsidiaries  which are involved in salmon farming and processing in Iceland. The companies are collectively referred to as ""Icelandic Salmon"" or the ""Group"".In the first quarter  Icelandic Salmon experienced biological challenges at sea. To protect animal welfare  some volumes were harvested early at low average weights. Results were marked by mortality-related costs  low harvest volumes  and a weaker market due to increased global supply and lower prices.Operating income for the quarter was EUR 10.4 million  down from EUR 27.5 million in the first quarter 2024. Operational EBIT was negative EUR 3.0 million  compared with negative EUR 0.5 million in the prior year. The EBIT/kg ended at negative EUR 2.68  compared to negative EUR 0.20 in the first quarter 2024. Adjusted for mortality-related one-offs  EBIT/kg was negative EUR 1.22.“We faced biological setbacks this quarter at some sites. Our team responded early to safeguard animal welfare  which meant harvesting fish at lower weights. Low harvest volumes and tougher global markets impacted our first quarter results. We will continue to build biomass as planned and remain on track for a stronger second half of 2025 ” said Björn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon.OperationsIn the first quarter 2025  Icelandic Salmon harvested 1 100 tonnes  compared to 2 800 tonnes in the same quarter last year. The reduction reflects early harvest and our strategic priority to build up biomass. Mortality-related costs amounted to EUR 1.6 million.Smolt operations continued to perform well  and the Group remains on track to transfer a record-high number of smolt to sea in 2025. Capacity at our harvest plant was carefully aligned to match the planned production  and also reflecting the decision to increase biomass.Strategic eventsThe Group continues to work closely with the authorities to reinstate a license for 10 000 tonnes MAB of sterile salmon in Ísafjarðardjúp  which was revoked in 2024. Efforts to secure larger sites for better MAB utilisation continue  expansion of sites in Arnarfjörður and a 4 500-tonne application in Arnarfjörður remains under review.Investments in the quarter totaled EUR 4.4 million  mainly related to preparing biomass build up in sea.Market and outlookIcelandic Salmon continues to see solid demand for its salmon  but the quarter was affected by increased global supply and softer prices  especially for smaller-sized fish. Price achievement was impacted both by size mix and overall market conditions.North America remains an important market for the Group  but low average weight led to reduced volume sold to this region  and sales to Europe increased. No significant impact from U.S. tariffs has been seen  though the situation and long term effects remains uncertain.The Group maintains its 2025 harvest volume guidance of 15 000 tonnes. The first half of the year is expected to remain impacted by low volumes and high-cost levels  with improvements expected in the second half of 2025.Presentation detailsAttached is the presentation for the first quarter 2025.The Group's CEO Bjørn Hembre and CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will be presenting the Group's results today at 9:00 Icelandic time (11:00 CEST).The presentation will be held in English via webcast  please copy and paste the following link into your browser: www.arnarlax.webcast.is (http://www.arnarlax.webcast.is). A recording of the presentation will be made available on the Group's website.There will be a Q&A session after the presentations. Questions can be sent to questions@arnarlax.is during the presentation.One-on-one meetings can be arranged either in our office in Kópavogur (Urðarhvarf 14) in the capital area or on Teams between 10:15 - 15:00 Icelandic time. If interested  please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.isFor further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn Hembre Tel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.isCFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson Tel: +354 855 7760Email: jonas@arnarlax.isAbout Icelandic SalmonIcelandic Salmon is dual-listed on the stock exchange market  both at the Euronext Growth in Oslo and NASDAQ First North in Reykjavík. The Group is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with head office in Bíldudalur. The Group is fully integrated  from egg and until the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the Group.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",neutral,0.33,0.67,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.3,0.56,True,English,"['Icelandic Salmon', 'first quarter', 'CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'Björn Hembre', 'Ísafjarðardjúp', 'U.S. tariffs', 'long term effects', 'Q&A session', 'low average weight', 'Arnarfjörður', 'tougher global markets', 'overall market conditions', 'stock exchange market', 'leading farming company', 'stronger second half', 'NASDAQ First North', 'low harvest volumes', '2025 harvest volume guidance', 'first quarter results', 'low volumes', 'Urðarhvarf', 'early harvest', 'harvest plant', 'first half', 'parent company', 'lower weights', 'North America', 'salmon farming', 'global supply', 'Bíldudalur', 'biological challenges', 'animal welfare', 'mortality-related costs', 'weaker market', 'lower prices', 'Operating income', 'Operational EBIT', 'mortality-related one-offs', 'biological setbacks', 'strategic priority', 'record-high number', 'Strategic events', 'MAB utilisation', '4,500-tonne application', 'solid demand', 'softer prices', 'Price achievement', 'size mix', 'important market', 'significant impact', 'high-cost levels', '9:00 Icelandic time', 'following link', 'Kópavogur', 'capital area', '15:00 Icelandic time', 'Euronext Growth', 'Reykjavík', 'value chain', 'disclosure requirements', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'sterile salmon', 'same quarter', 'prior year', 'The EBIT/kg', 'one meetings', 'head office', 'The Group', 'negative EUR', 'larger sites', 'smaller-sized fish', '10,000 tonnes MAB', 'Presentation details', 'Arnarlax ehf', 'Smolt operations', '1,100 tonnes', '2,800 tonnes', '15,000 tonnes', '20 May', 'subsidiaries', 'processing', 'companies', 'sea', 'team', 'biomass', 'track', 'reduction', 'Capacity', 'production', 'decision', 'authorities', 'license', 'Efforts', 'expansion', 'review', 'Investments', 'outlook', 'region', 'sales', 'Europe', 'situation', 'improvements', 'English', 'webcast', 'browser', 'recording', 'website', 'presentations', 'Questions', 'email', 'hjortur', 'information', 'Tel', 'bjorn', 'jonas', 'Oslo', '100% owner', 'egg', 'customers', 'control', 'parts', 'Section', 'Attachment', '10:15']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3085132/0/en/D%C3%89KUPLE-2025-FIRST-QUARTER-BUSINESS.html,DÉKUPLE: 2025 FIRST-QUARTER BUSINESS,2025 FIRST-QUARTER BUSINESS_____   Net sales: €58.3m (+ 12.2%) Gross margin: €44.2m (+ 5.8%)  with strong trends for digital marketing (+ 17.5%)  ......,2025 FIRST-QUARTER BUSINESS_____Net sales: €58.3m (+ 12.2%)Gross margin: €44.2m (+ 5.8%)  with strong trends for digital marketing (+ 17.5%)Paris  20 May 2025 (5:45pm) - The DÉKUPLE Group  a European leader for data marketing and communication  is reporting its net sales for the first quarter of 2025.Bertrand Laurioz  Chairman and CEO: “The start of 2025 has confirmed the solidity of our model and the relevance of our strategy. In a still challenging economic environment  DÉKUPLE is continuing to build on its growth  supported by the robust development of Digital Marketing. Our leading position for Generative Artificial Intelligence applied to marketing is opening up various markets and positive prospects for us.First-quarter net sales are up +12.2%  while the gross margin shows an increase of +5.8%. This performance is driven primarily by the sustained development of Digital Marketing  which represents 68.6% of consolidated net sales and achieved +17.5% growth in its gross margin.These robust trends are supported by several key factors: the resilience of our consulting activities  in a market within which clients are adopting a wait-and-see approach  the continued expansion of our solutions and agencies in France and internationally  and the successful integration of new areas of expertise - including Ereferer  an automated netlinking platform  Coup de Poing  an expert BtoB client loyalty agency  and GUD.Berlin  a German communications agency  as well as the Dutch agencies Selmore (creative) and DotControl (digital).This expansion of our BtoB activities enabled us to offset the slowdown in our BtoC activities  which are nevertheless continuing to roll out their investments focused on acquiring recurring clients. This global performance highlights the relevance of our multi-expert model  the quality of our technological assets  and our leadership in Artificial Intelligence  supporting brands with their digital transformation.We are continuing to ramp up our development in Digital Marketing  while expanding our areas of expertise  capitalizing on synergies between our business units  and fully implementing our technological know-how  particularly through the platformization of our services. Supported by a solid financial position  we are continuing to actively monitor developments with a view to capitalizing on new opportunities for growth with strong potential  in France and across Europe.While we are finalizing our Ambition 2025 plan  we are preparing the Horizon 2030 plan  our next roadmap to consolidate our creative and technological leadership within Europe. Building on our multi-entrepreneurial organization and the talents of our 1 100 employees  the Group is looking ahead to 2025 with confidence and ambition”.KEY FIGURES FOR THE QUARTERDuring the first quarter of 2025  the DÉKUPLE Group generated net sales1 of €58.3m  up + 12.2%. The changes for each business line are as follows:€m Q1 2025 Q1 2024 Change Digital Marketing 40.0 32.2 + 24.1% Magazines 16.4 17.6 - 7.0% Insurance 1.9 2.1 - 9.8% Net sales 58.3 52.0 + 12.2%The Group’s gross margin2 is up + 5.8% year-on-year to €44.2m  driven by the robust development of Digital Marketing. The changes for each business line are as follows:€m Q1 2025 Q1 2024 Change Digital Marketing 25.9 22.1 + 17.5% Magazines 16.4 17.6 - 7.0% Insurance 1.9 2.1 - 9.8% Gross margin 44.2 41.8 + 5.8%DIGITAL MARKETING: ROBUST GROWTH TRENDSThe Digital Marketing business recorded a gross margin of €25.9m  with + 17.5% growth  including a scope effect3 for €3.7m  linked to the consolidation of the companies acquired over the last 12 months. Like-for-like  the gross margin is up + 0.6%  highlighting the Group's resilience in a deteriorated economic environment.Consulting: The gross margin of Converteo  a key player for data and digital strategy consulting  came to €11.5m  with a limited contraction of - 2.8%. The subsidiary recorded a slowdown in activity at the start of the year  as clients took longer than usual to roll out their projects. Demand began to gradually pick up again during the quarter  returning to levels close to those seen at the end of 2024. With more than 400 consultants  Converteo supports leading brands to meet their challenges relating to data and artificial intelligence.The gross margin of Converteo  a key player for data and digital strategy consulting  came to €11.5m  with a limited contraction of - 2.8%. The subsidiary recorded a slowdown in activity at the start of the year  as clients took longer than usual to roll out their projects. Demand began to gradually pick up again during the quarter  returning to levels close to those seen at the end of 2024. With more than 400 consultants  Converteo supports leading brands to meet their challenges relating to data and artificial intelligence. Solutions and Agencies - France: The gross margin is up + 13.3% to €10.2m  with a scope effect for €1.0m  linked to the consolidation of Ereferer  an innovative platform specialized in automated netlinking  acquired in June 2024 through its subsidiary Rocket Marketing  and Coup de Poing  an agency renowned for its BtoB client loyalty solutions  acquired in October 2024.On a like-for-like basis  organic growth represents + 1.9%  supported by the growing success of the Group’s innovative technological solutions.Solutions and Agencies - International: The gross margin came to €4.2m  up + 248.1% due to a scope effect for €2.7m  linked to the consolidation of GUD.Berlin  the communications agency acquired in October 2024  in Germany  as well as the creative agency Selmore and the digital agency DotControl  both acquired at the end of December 2024  in the Netherlands. In Spain  the gross margin climbed to €1.3m  up + 38.7%  reflecting a ramping up of operations with certain partners.€m Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Change Consulting - France 11.5 11.9 - 2.8% Solutions and Agencies - France 10.2 9.0 + 13.3% Solutions and Agencies - International4 4.2 1.2 + 248.1% Digital Marketing gross margin 25.9 22.1 + 17.5%MAGAZINES: INVESTMENTS MAINTAINEDAgainst the backdrop of a press market contraction  the Magazine business recorded a gross margin of €16.4m  down - 7.0%  with a gross sales volume5 of €43.9m (- 5.9%). The active open-ended subscription portfolio at 31 March 2025 included 1.805 million subscriptions  down - 5.9% versus the same period the previous year. The Group is maintaining its commercial investments with a targeted selection of the most profitable client segments  adjusted campaigns  and new offers and partnerships. These investments are helping support the recurrence of revenues generated by the portfolio of contracts and further strengthening the Group’s positioning alongside press publishers.INSURANCE: SEASONALITY OF SALESThe gross margin for DÉKUPLE Assurance  specialized in data marketing-based affinity insurance brokerage  is down - 9.8% to €1.9m. This decrease is linked primarily to an unfavorable seasonality effect  following a lower volume of campaigns than the first quarter of 2024  with certain operations scheduled for the second quarter. Marketing innovation and the ambitious rollout of programs using artificial intelligence  particularly in the health insurance sector  are helping build loyalty within the policyholder portfolio.EXTERNAL GROWTHThis morning  the Group announced that it has acquired a majority stake in After  one of Spain’s most recognized independent creative agencies.Founded in 2007  After has established itself as a leading player thanks to its integrated model combining strategy  creative  content  production  digital  media  and data. With offices in Barcelona  Madrid  and Valencia  the agency employs nearly 100 people and generates annual net sales of over €10 million and a gross margin of more than €5 million. After will retain its identity and management team and will benefit from the support of the DÉKUPLE Group to accelerate its growth.Already present in Spain for over 20 years  DÉKUPLE is further strengthening its footprint in the Iberian market. This integration is fully aligned with the Group’s strategy to accelerate its international expansion and enhance its capabilities in creativity and engagement marketing.OUTLOOKDespite an uncertain economic environment  DÉKUPLE is continuing to move forward and on track for profitable growth. Building on its sound financial structure  the Group is continuing to invest in its recurrent activities (Magazines  Insurance)  while accelerating its development in Digital Marketing  supported by innovation and targeted acquisitions. DÉKUPLE is continuing to actively monitor developments with a view to capitalizing on new opportunities in France and internationally  helping drive progress with its strategy to be a European leader for data marketing and communication.About DÉKUPLEDÉKUPLE is a European leader for data marketing and communication. Its expert capabilities combining consulting  creativity  data and technology enable it to support brands with the transformation of their marketing to drive their business performance. The Group designs and implements client acquisition  loyalty and relationship management solutions for its partners and clients across all distribution channels. The Group works with more than 500 brands  from major groups to mid-market firms  in Europe and around the world. Founded in 1972  DÉKUPLE recorded net sales of €218m in 2024. Present in Europe  North America and China  the Group employs more than 1 100 people guided by its core values: a conquering spirit  respect and collaboration. DÉKUPLE is listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris – Compartment C. ISIN: FR0000062978 – DKUPL.www.dekuple.comContactsDÉKUPLEInvestor Relations & Financial Informationtel: +33 (0)1 41 58 72 03 - relations.investisseurs@dekuple.comACTUS FINANCE & COMMUNICATIONCyril Combe - tel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 36 - dekuple@actus.fr1 Net sales (determined in line with the French professional status for subscription sales) only include the amount of remuneration paid by magazine publishers; for subscription sales  net sales therefore correspond to a gross margin  deducting the cost of magazines sold from the amount of sales recorded. For acquisition and management commissions linked to sales of insurance policies  net sales comprise current and future commissions issued  acquired by the accounting reporting date  net of cancellations.2 For the digital marketing business  the gross margin represents the total amount of net sales (total invoices issued: fees  commissions and purchases charged back to clients) less the total amount of costs for external purchases made on behalf of clients. It is equal to net sales for the magazine and insurance business lines.3 The scope effect is calculated (i) by eliminating the net sales of companies acquired during the period or the comparable period and (ii) by eliminating the net sales of companies sold during the period or the comparable period. As a result  the like-for-like business does not take into account this scope effect for the period concerned.4 Including the gross margin of the subsidiaries in Germany  China  Spain and the Netherlands5 Gross sales volume represents the value of subscriptions sold.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.04,negative,0.0,0.33,0.67,True,English,"['DÉKUPLE', '2025 FIRST-QUARTER BUSINESS', 'expert BtoB client loyalty agency', 'The DÉKUPLE Group', 'Q1 2024 Change Digital Marketing', 'German communications agency', 'The Digital Marketing business', 'Coup de Poing', 'solid financial position', 'several key factors', 'challenging economic environment', 'consolidated net sales', 'Generative Artificial Intelligence', 'automated netlinking platform', 'First-quarter net sales', 'digital strategy consulting', 'ROBUST GROWTH TRENDS', 'BtoB activities', 'The Group', '2025 FIRST-QUARTER BUSINESS', 'robust trends', 'leading position', 'digital transformation', 'innovative platform', 'business units', 'business line', 'strong trends', 'net sales1', 'consulting activities', 'KEY FIGURES', 'key player', 'Gross margin', 'European leader', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'robust development', 'various markets', 'positive prospects', 'successful integration', 'BtoC activities', 'technological assets', 'technological know-how', 'new opportunities', 'strong potential', 'Horizon 2030 plan', 'next roadmap', 'multi-entrepreneurial organization', 'scope effect3', 'last 12 months', 'limited contraction', 'sustained development', 'leading brands', 'continued expansion', 'new areas', 'global performance', 'multi-expert model', 'Ambition 2025 plan', 'technological leadership', 'data marketing', 'first quarter', 'Dutch agencies', 'recurring clients', '+17.5% growth', 'Paris', '20 May', '45pm', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'start', 'solidity', 'relevance', 'increase', 'resilience', 'wait', 'approach', 'solutions', 'France', 'expertise', 'Ereferer', 'GUD.', 'Berlin', 'Selmore', 'creative', 'DotControl', 'slowdown', 'investments', 'quality', 'synergies', 'platformization', 'services', 'developments', 'view', 'talents', '1,100 employees', 'confidence', 'changes', 'Magazines', 'Insurance', 'year', 'consolidation', 'companies', 'Converteo', 'subsidiary', 'activity', 'projects', 'Demand', 'levels', '400 consultants', 'challenges', 'June', '9.']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3084524/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2025  in total......,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2025  in total 6 040 889 shares were repurchased during the week of 12 May 2025 up to and including 16 May 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €18.74 for a total amount of €113 235 126.80. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 13 991 183 at an average price of €18.32 for a total consideration of €256 250 277.66. To date approximately 12.81% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.15,0.72,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'related international response mea', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'international response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'related market disruption', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'ING Group shares', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial services', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'tax laws', '6,040,889 shares', 'Progress', '2 May', '16 May', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/20/3085249/0/en/Societe-Generale_-Combined-General-Meeting-and-Board-of-Directors-dated-20-May-2025.html,Societe Generale_ Combined General Meeting and Board of Directors dated 20 May 2025,COMBINED GENERAL MEETING AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS DATED 20 MAY 2025   Press release  Paris  20 May 2025  Combined General Meeting  The General Meeting of......,"COMBINED GENERAL MEETING AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS DATED 20 MAY 2025Press releaseParis  20 May 2025Combined General MeetingThe General Meeting of shareholders of Societe Generale was held on 20 May 2025 at CNIT Forest  2  Place de la Défense  92092 Puteaux and was chaired by Mr. Lorenzo Bini Smaghi.Quorum was established at 64 34% (vs 55.61% in 2024):687 shareholders participated by attending the General Meeting in person at the place where it was held on 20 May 2025;1 057 shareholders were represented at the General Meeting by a person other than the Chairman;13 140 shareholders voted online;2 400 shareholders voted by post;8 767 shareholders  including 2 500 online  representing 1.07% of the share capital  gave proxy to the Chairman;A total of 26 051 shareholders were present or represented and participated in the vote.The agenda item  with no vote  was an opportunity to present and discuss with shareholders the Group's climate strategy and social and environmental responsibility.In addition  9 shareholders sent 56 written questions prior to the General Meeting. The answers were made public before the General Meeting on the institutional website.All the resolutions put forward by the Board of Directors were adopted  in particular:The 2024 annual company accounts and annual consolidated accounts;The dividend per share was set at EUR 1.09. It shall traded ex-dividend on 26 May 2025 and will be paid from 28 May 2025;The renewal of two independent directors for 4 years: Mr. William Connelly and Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge;The appointment of two independent directors for 4 years: Mr. Olivier Klein and Mrs. Ingrid-Helen Arnold;The renewal of Mr. Sébastien Wetter’s mandate as Director representing the employee shareholders;The compensation policy for the Chairman  Chief Executive Officer  the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the Directors;The components composing the total compensation and the benefits of any kind paid or awarded for the 2024 financial year to the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers;The authorisation granted to the Board of Directors to purchase ordinary shares of the Company was renewed for 18 months up to 10% of the share capital;The authorisation for capital increases  enabling the issue of shares in favour of employees under a company or group saving plan  was renewed for 26 months;The amendments to the Articles of Association to take account of the entry into force of the “Loi Attractivité” (no. 2024-537 dated 13 June 2024).The detailed voting result is available this day on the Company's website in the item ""Annual General Meeting"".Board of DirectorsFollowing the renewals and appointments of directors  the Board of Directors is composed of 15 directors  including (i) 2 directors re-elected by the employees in March 2024 and (ii) 1 director representing employee shareholders appointed by the General Meeting and one non-voting director.Accordingly  the Board of Directors is composed as follows:Mr. Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  Chairman;Mr. Slawomir Krupa  Director;Mrs. Ingrid-Helen Arnold  Director;Mr. William Connelly  Director;Mr. Jérôme Contamine  Director;Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier  Director;Mrs. Diane Côté  Director;Mrs. Ulrika Ekman  Director;Mrs. France Houssaye  Director elected by employees;Mr. Olivier Klein  Director;Mrs. Annette Messemer  Director;Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge  Director;Mr Johan Praud  Director elected by employees;Mr. Benoît de Ruffray  Director;Mr. Sébastien Wetter  Director representing employees shareholders;Mr. Jean-Bernard Lévy  Non-voting Director (“censeur”).The Board of Directors is made up of 41 7% women (5/12) and 91 7% independent directors (11/12) if we exclude from the calculations the three directors representing the employees in accordance with paragraph 1 of Article L. 225-23 of the Commercial Code  paragraph 2 of Article L. 225-27 of the Commercial Code and the AFEP-MEDEF code. In order to ensure compliance with a forthcoming legislative change scheduled for mid-2026  the Board of Directors has already decided  for the General Meeting of May 2026  that shareholders will be invited to replace a man director  whose term of office will expire  by a woman director.The Board of Directors held after the General Meeting has decided that  as of 20 May 2025  the Board committees will be composed as follows:Audit and Internal Control Committee: Mr. Jérôme Contamine (chairman)  Mrs. Diane Côté  Mrs. Ulrika Ekman  Mr. Olivier Klein and Mr. Sébastien Wetter;Mr. Jérôme Contamine (chairman)  Mrs. Diane Côté  Mrs. Ulrika Ekman  Mr. Olivier Klein and Mr. Sébastien Wetter; Risk Committee: Mr. William Connelly (chairman)  Mrs. Ingrid-Helen Arnold  Mrs. Béatrice Cossa Dumurgier  Mrs. Diane Côté  Mrs. Ulrika Ekman  Mr. Olivier Klein and Mrs. Annette Messemer;Mr. William Connelly (chairman)  Mrs. Ingrid-Helen Arnold  Mrs. Béatrice Cossa Dumurgier  Mrs. Diane Côté  Mrs. Ulrika Ekman  Mr. Olivier Klein and Mrs. Annette Messemer; Compensation Committee: Mrs. Annette Messemer (chairwoman)  Mr. Jerome Contamine  Mr. Benoit de Ruffray and Mrs. France Houssaye;Mrs. Annette Messemer (chairwoman)  Mr. Jerome Contamine  Mr. Benoit de Ruffray and Mrs. France Houssaye; Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee: Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge (chairman)  Mr. William Connelly  Mme Diane Côté and Mr. Benoit de Ruffray.BiographiesMr. William Connelly is a graduate of Georgetown University in Washington (US). He began his career in 1980 at Chase Manhattan Bank  where he worked for 10 years  before joining Baring Brothers from 1990 to 1995. He then held various executive positions within ING Group NV from 1995 until he became a member of The Management Board  where he was responsible for Wholesale Banking from 2011 to 2016. He was also the CEO of ING Real Estate from 2009 to 2015. In addition to his mandate as an independent director of Societe Generale since 2017  he currently is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Amadeus IT Group and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Aegon until the second half of 2025. He also served as an independent director of Singular Bank from February 2019 to April 2023. During its session on 10 April 2025  the Societe Generale Board of Directors selected William Connelly for the Chairmanship as of the General Meeting which will be held on 27 May 2026. He will succeed Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  who has been Chairman since 2015  and will have completed his third term.Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge  Graduate of École polytechnique  the École nationale des ponts et chaussées and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He began his career in 1992 at the World Bank in Washington D.C. before moving to the French Ministry of the Economy and Finance in 1994. He joined Alstom in 1998 as Head of Investor Relations and was in charge of Management Control. In 2000  he was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Transmission and Distribution at Alstom  a position he held until 2004. He was Chief Financial Officer of Alstom from 2004 until 2010 and became President of Alstom Grid from 2010 to 2011. On 4 July 2011  he became Chairman of Alstom Transport  before being appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in February 2016  a position he held until June 2024. Since then  he has been Chief Executive Officer and Director of Alstom.Mr. Olivier Klein  Graduated from the Panthéon‑Sorbonne University in 1978 with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics  from the National School of Statistics and Economic Administration (ENSAE) in 1980  and from HEC’s graduate course in Finance in 1985. He began his career at the BFCE in 1985 and served as manager of the Foreign Exchange and Rate Risk Management Advisory Department  then as Director of the BFCE’s Investment Bank  and finally as Regional Director of its corporate bank. He joined the Caisse d’Epargne group in 1998 and was Chairman of the Executive Board of the Caisse d’Epargne Ile‑de‑France Ouest from 2000 to 2007 and then of the Caisse d’Epargne Rhône‑Alpes from 2007 to 2009. In January 2010  he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Banking and Insurance of the BPCE group until September 2012. He was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the BRED group from October 2012 to May 2023. He was a Member of the Supervisory Board of BPCE and its Risk Committee between 2019 and May 2023. He is Chief Executive Officer of Lazard Frères Banque SA and Managing Partner since September 2023. Since 1986  He is teaching macroeconomics and monetary policy at HEC. He is a director of Rexécode since 2018.Mrs. Ingrid-Helen Arnold  Graduated from the University of Applied Sciences Ludwigshafen in 1997 with a master’s degree in economics. She began her career at SAP SE in 1996  where she held various responsibilities related to innovation and digital transformation. In 2014  she was appointed Chief Information Officer and BusinessProcesses and extended Member of the SAPExecutiveCommittee. From 2016 to April 2021  she was President of SAP Business Data Network group in Palo Alto (United States) and SAP SE Walldorf (Germany). In 2021  she joined the Südzucker group as Chief Digital Officer and Information tehcnology and member of the Group’s Executive Committee. She is Chief Executive Officer of KAKO GmbH since June 2024. She was a member of the Supervisory Board and a member of the Heineken group Audit Committee from 2019 to 2023. She is a member of the TUI group Supervisory Board since 2020.Mr. Sébastien Wetter holds a Master degree in Fundamental Physics and graduated from the Lyons Business School (EM Lyon). He began his career at Societe Generale in 1997 in the Strategy and Marketing Division of Societe Generale’s retail bank. Working in the Group’s Organisation Consulting Department from 2002  he performed a range of roles in the Corporate & Investment Banking arm and helped roll out the Group-wide participatory Innovation programme. As of the end of 2005  he joined the Commodities Market Department as Chief Operating Officer holding a global remit  before becoming Head of Business Development in 2008. From 2010 until 2014  he served as General Secretary in the Group’s General Inspection and Audit Division. In 2014  he joined the Sales Division of the Corporate & Investment Bank arm where he held a number of positions: Head of marketing for major French and international clients  then in 2016  Global Chief Operating Officer responsible for the sales teams covering financial institutions. From 2020 to December 2022  he has been a banker managing Societe Generale’s relationship with international financial institutions. He has been a member of the of the Supervisory Board of the Fonds Commun de Placement d'Entreprise (FCPE) since May 2024.The regulatory declarations on the absence of conflicts of interest and the absence of convictions mentioned on page 140 of the Universal Registration Document filed by Societe Generale on 12 March 2025 with the French market authority (AMF) under number D.25-00088  relating notably to the three directors whose terms of office are renewed remain valid and the two new directors appointed with effect from the General Meeting of 20 May 2025 have made the same regulatory declarations.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Societe Generale_ Combined General Meeting', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'Mr. Jérôme Contamine', 'Place de la Défense', 'Mr. Benoît de Ruffray', 'Mrs. Béatrice Cossa Dumurgier', 'Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier', 'Mr. Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'Mr. Sébastien Wetter', 'Mrs. Diane Côté', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officers', 'Mr. Jean-Bernard Lévy', 'Mr. William Connelly', 'Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge', 'Mr. Olivier Klein', 'Mr. Slawomir Krupa', 'Mr Johan Praud', 'Mrs. Ingrid-Helen Arnold', 'Mrs. Ulrika Ekman', 'Mrs. France Houssaye', 'Mrs. Annette Messemer', 'annual consolidated accounts', 'forthcoming legislative change', 'detailed voting result', 'Internal Control Committee', 'group saving plan', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual General Meeting', '2024 annual company accounts', 'two independent directors', 'Article L.', 'Risk Committee', 'Compensation Committee', '91,7% independent directors', 'Press release', 'Societe Generale', 'CNIT Forest', 'climate strategy', 'environmental responsibility', '56 written questions', 'compensation policy', '2024 financial year', 'capital increases', 'Loi Attractivité', 'Commercial Code', 'AFEP-MEDEF code', 'voting director', 'share capital', 'agenda item', 'institutional website', 'total compensation', 'ordinary shares', 'three directors', 'man director', 'employee shareholders', 'Board committees', '15 directors', '2 directors', '1 director', '687 shareholders', '1,057 shareholders', '13,140 shareholders', '2,400 shareholders', '8,767 shareholders', '26 051 shareholders', '9 shareholders', 'MAY', 'Paris', '92092 Puteaux', 'Quorum', 'person', 'Chairman', 'post', 'proxy', 'vote', 'opportunity', 'social', 'addition', 'answers', 'resolutions', 'The', 'dividend', 'EUR', 'renewal', '4 years', 'appointment', 'mandate', 'components', 'benefits', 'kind', 'authorisation', '18 months', 'issue', 'favour', 'employees', '26 months', 'amendments', 'Articles', 'Association', 'entry', 'force', '13 June', 'March', '41,7% women', 'calculations', 'accordance', 'paragraph', 'order', 'compliance', 'mid-20', 'term', 'Audit']",2025-05-20,2025-05-21,globenewswire.com
50814,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrovial-announces-amount-dividend-per-164000419.html,Ferrovial announces the amount of the dividend per share corresponding to the interim scrip dividend,"Reference is made to the announcement dated 13 May 2025 announcing the declaration by Ferrovial SE (""Ferrovial""  Ticker: ""FER"") of an interim scrip dividend of in aggregate EUR 228 million. Ferrovial announces that the dividend per share in the share capital of Ferrovial ","AMSTERDAM  May 21  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the announcement dated 13 May 2025 announcing the declaration by Ferrovial SE (""Ferrovial""  Ticker: ""FER"") of an interim scrip dividend of in aggregate EUR 228 million. Ferrovial announces that the dividend per share in the share capital of Ferrovial  with a nominal value of EUR 0.01 each  amounts to EUR 0.3182.Ferrovial (PRNewsfoto/Ferrovial)As further detailed in the announcement dated 13 May 2025  the distribution will be payable in shares or cash at the election of Ferrovial's shareholders. If no election is made during the relevant election period  an election for a dividend in shares will be deemed to have been made and the dividend will consequently be paid in shares.1The following expected timetable applies for the scrip dividend:22 May 2025 : Ex-dividend date on the Madrid  Barcelona  Bilbao and Valencia stock exchanges (the Spanish Stock Exchanges) and Euronext Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. 23 May 2025 : Ex-dividend date on Nasdaq's Global Select Market 23 May 2025 : Dividend record date 26 May 2025 (9:00 am CEST) – 6 June 2025 (5:30 pm CEST) : Election period in relation to Ferrovial shares held through a custodian as a participant in Euroclear Nederland or Iberclear 27 May 2025 (9:00 am EDT) – 6 June 2025 (5:00 pm EDT) : Election period in relation to Ferrovial shares held through a custodian as a participant in DTC or a holder of shares in Registered Form 23 June 2025 : Announcement of the number of existing Ferrovial shares entitled to one new Ferrovial share and the number of new Ferrovial shares to be issued From 25 June 2025 : Dividend payment date in cash and delivery of new Ferrovial sharesIf relevant changes to the timetable are made  they will be announced to the market.Forward-looking statementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements  which include statements with respect to the Company's interim scrip dividend  including the expected main milestones and timing of the scrip dividend process. Any express or implied statements contained in this announcement that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding payment and timing of the scrip dividend  as well as statements that include the words ""expect "" ""will "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""believe "" ""project "" ""forecast "" ""estimate "" ""may "" ""should "" ""anticipate"" and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature. Forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees  but involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected  including  without limitation: risks related to our diverse geographical operations; risks related to our acquisitions  divestments and other strategic transactions that we may undertake; the impact of competitive pressures in our industry and pricing  including the lack of certainty and costs in winning competitive tender processes; general economic and political conditions and events and the impact they may have on us  including  but not limited to  volatility or increases in inflation rates and rates of interest  increased costs and availability of materials  and other ongoing impacts resulting from circumstances including changes in tariff regimes  the Russia/Ukraine conflict  and the Middle East conflict; the fact that our business is derived from a small number of major projects; cyber threats or other technology disruptions; our ability to obtain adequate financing in the future as needed; our approach to dividend or other distribution determinations and the ability to pay dividends at current levels; our ability to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Euronext Amsterdam  the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Spanish Stock Exchanges; lawsuits and other claims by third parties or investigations by various regulatory agencies that we may be subject to; our ability to comply with our ESG commitments or other sustainability demands; the impact of any changes governmental laws and regulations  including but not limited to tax regimes or regulations; and the other important factors discussed under the caption ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"") for the fiscal year ended December 31  2024 which is available on the SEC website at www.sec.gov  as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as of the date hereof and accordingly undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. We disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  other than to the extent required by applicable law. Forward-looking statements in this announcement are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by relevant safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements (or their equivalent) of any applicable jurisdiction.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.29,0.6,True,English,"['interim scrip dividend', 'Ferrovial', 'amount', 'share', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'one new Ferrovial share', 'Valencia stock exchanges', 'Spanish Stock Exchanges', 'diverse geographical operations', 'continued listing requirements', 'various regulatory agencies', 'U.S. Securities', 'safe harbor provisions', 'U.S. Privat', 'other strategic transactions', 'other ongoing impacts', 'other technology disruptions', 'other sustainability demands', 'competitive tender processes', 'Middle East conflict', 'other distribution determinations', 'other important factors', 'scrip dividend process', 'interim scrip dividend', 'Dividend record date', 'existing Ferrovial shares', 'new Ferrovial shares', 'relevant election period', 'Dividend payment date', 'new information', 'other claims', 'other filings', 'regulated market', 'competitive pressures', 'Russia/Ukraine conflict', 'share capital', 'Ex-dividend date', 'nominal value', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'main milestones', 'looking nature', 'actual results', 'general economic', 'political conditions', 'tariff regimes', 'major projects', 'cyber threats', 'adequate financing', 'current levels', 'third parties', 'ESG commitments', 'governmental laws', 'tax regimes', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'fiscal year', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Ferrovial SE', 'relevant changes', 'Forward-looking statements', 'implied statements', 'similar statements', 'historical fact', 'inflation rates', 'SEC website', 'sec.gov', 'unknown risks', 'small number', 'future events', 'Reference', 'announcement', 'declaration', 'Ticker', 'aggregate', 'PRNewsfoto', 'cash', 'shareholders', 'timetable', '22 May', 'Madrid', 'Barcelona', 'Bilbao', '6 June', 'relation', 'custodian', 'participant', 'Iberclear', 'DTC', '25 June', 'delivery', 'respect', 'Company', 'timing', 'express', 'limitation', 'words', 'promises', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'industry', 'pricing', 'lack', 'certainty', 'costs', 'volatility', 'increases', 'interest', 'availability', 'materials', 'circumstances', 'business', 'approach', 'dividends', 'compliance', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'regulations', 'caption', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'extent', '5:00']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,finance.yahoo.com
50815,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-05/65469001-2crsi-sa-2crsi-anticipates-revenue-in-excess-of-eur200-million-by-the-end-of-june-2025-015.htm,2CRSi SA: 2CRSi anticipates revenue in excess of EUR200 million by the end of June 2025,CRSi anticipates revenue in excess of EUR200 million by the end of June 2025 2CRSi SA 2CRSi SA: 2CRSi anticipates revenue in excess of EUR200 million by the end of June 2025 21-May-2025,"DJ 2CRSi SA: 2CRSi anticipates revenue in excess of EUR200 million by the end of June 20252CRSi SA 2CRSi SA: 2CRSi anticipates revenue in excess of EUR200 million by the end of June 2025 21-May-2025 / 17:45 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Press release 2CRSi anticipates revenue in excess of EUR200 million by the end of June 2025 Strasbourg (France)  21 May 2025 - 2CRSi (ISIN code: FR0013341781)  a leading player in the global high-performance computing server market and provider of eco-responsible technology solutions  announces a revenue forecast exceeding EUR200 million for the fiscal year ending 30 June 2025. This forecast reflects the strength of the Group's strategy  which is focused on technological innovation and international expansion. Supported by strong commercial momentum and a significant acceleration in growth across its strategic markets  this announcement reaffirms 2CRSi's ambition to further strengthen its position in the global sustainable IT infrastructure market. On this occasion  Alain Wilmouth  CEO of 2CRSi  stated: ""Reaching the milestone of EUR200 million in revenue by June 2025 is a clear validation of our strategy and our technological and commercial choices. I warmly thank all our teams for their outstanding commitment  which has made this major step possible. Our Group is firmly focused on the future  with the strong intention of maintaining this virtuous growth momentum while remaining true to our deep commitment to technological innovation and environmental responsibility."" This announcement also reinforces the confidence of the Group's investors  partners  and clients  all of whom are particularly attuned to the demanding combination of high performance and an ambitious eco-responsible approach. Invitation to the NVIDIA GTC Paris at Viva Tech 2025 On the occasion of the NVIDIA GTC Paris event at Viva Tech 2025  to be held on 11-12 June 2025 at Paris Expo Porte de Versailles  2CRSi invites its clients  partners  investors  and the press to meet its teams and discover the Group's latest innovations in artificial intelligence. Next Announcement: Thursday  24 July 2025 - Publication of consolidated revenue as of 30 June 2025. About 2CRSi Founded in 2005 in Strasbourg (France)  2CRSi designs  develops  and manufactures high-performance computing servers and innovative solutions for Artificial Intelligence  high-performance computing (HPC)  and data storage. Committed to a responsible and sustainable approach  the Group operates across several continents and provides energy-efficient technology solutions for the tech  industrial  gaming  scientific research  and data center markets. 2CRSi has been listed on the regulated Euronext market in Paris since June 2018 (ISIN code: FR0013341781)  and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022. More information: 2crsi.com Contacts 2CRSi 2CRSi Seitosei.Actifin Seitosei.Actifin Jean-Philippe Foucauld Charavay Michael Scholze LLOBERA Financial Communication Financial Media Relations Director France foucauld.charavay@seitosei-actifin.comFoucauld.charavay@seitosei-actifin.com michael.scholze@seitosei-actifin.com investors@2crsi.com 01 80 18 26 33 01 56 88 11 14 03 68 41 10 70-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Regulatory filing PDF file File: 2CRSi anticipates revenue in excess of EUR200 million by the end of June 2025=---------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: 2CRSi SA 32  rue Jacobi-Netter 67200 Strasbourg France Phone: +33 3 68 41 10 70 E-mail: investors@2crsi.com Internet: www.2crsi.com ISIN: FR0013341781 Euronext Ticker: AL2SI AMF Category: Inside information / Other releases EQS News ID: 2142834 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2142834 21-May-2025 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=2142834&application_name=news&site_id=dow_jones%7e%7e%7ef1066a31-ca00-4e1a-b0a4-374bd7d0face(END) Dow Jones NewswiresMay 21  2025 11:45 ET (15:45 GMT)",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['2CRSi SA', 'revenue', 'excess', 'end', 'June', 'Jean-Philippe Foucauld Charavay Michael Scholze LLOBERA Financial Communication Financial Media Relations Director France foucauld', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'Paris Expo Porte de Versailles', 'global sustainable IT infrastructure market', 'global high-performance computing server market', 'NVIDIA GTC Paris event', 'French Regulatory News', 'high-performance computing servers', 'Strasbourg France Phone', 'AL2SI AMF Category', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'Contacts 2CRSi 2CRSi Seitosei', 'eco-responsible technology solutions', 'energy-efficient technology solutions', 'ambitious eco-responsible approach', 'EQS News ID', 'EQS News Service', 'strong commercial momentum', 'virtuous growth momentum', 'data center markets', 'DJ 2CRSi SA', 'sustainable approach', 'Euronext market', 'innovative solutions', 'strategic markets', 'commercial choices', 'strong intention', 'data storage', 'CET/CEST Dissemination', 'leading player', 'fiscal year', 'international expansion', 'significant acceleration', 'Alain Wilmouth', 'clear validation', 'outstanding commitment', 'major step', 'deep commitment', 'environmental responsibility', 'demanding combination', 'high performance', 'Viva Tech', 'latest innovations', 'artificial intelligence', 'several continents', 'scientific research', 'Euronext Growth', 'English Company', 'rue Jacobi-Netter', 'Euronext Ticker', 'Other releases', 'Image link', 'ISIN code', 'technological innovation', 'Press release', 'More information', 'EQS Group', 'consolidated revenue', 'Next Announcement', '11-12 June', 'revenue forecast', '30 June', 'excess', 'end', 'issuer', 'content', 'May', 'provider', 'strength', 'strategy', 'ambition', 'position', 'occasion', 'CEO', 'milestone', 'teams', 'future', 'confidence', 'investors', 'partners', 'clients', 'Invitation', 'Thursday', 'Publication', 'HPC', 'shares', 'November', 'comFoucauld', 'actifin', 'Language', 'cockpit', 'cgi', 'fncls', 'GMT']",2025-05-06,2025-05-21,finanznachrichten.de
50816,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-extraordinary-general-meeting-2025-154500357.html,Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting 2025,DEME (Euronext: DEME) held its Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting today at the DEME headquarters. Reference is made to the agendas as shared in the convening notice. The shareholders have approved all agenda items of both the Annual and the Extraordinary General Meeting.,DEME Group NVDEME (Euronext: DEME) held its Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting today at the DEME headquarters. Reference is made to the agendas as shared in the convening notice. The shareholders have approved all agenda items of both the Annual and the Extraordinary General Meeting.Attachment,neutral,0.42,0.58,0.0,positive,0.51,0.49,0.0,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'DEME Group NV', 'convening notice', 'agenda items', 'DEME headquarters', 'Euronext', 'Annual', 'Reference', 'agendas', 'shareholders', 'Attachment']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,finance.yahoo.com
50817,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/publicis-groupe-acquires-captiv8-build-145900646.html,Publicis Groupe acquires Captiv8 to build the world’s most powerful connected influencer platform,PUBLICIS GROUPE ACQUIRES CAPTIV8 TO BUILD THE WORLD’S MOST POWERFUL CONNECTED INFLUENCER PLATFORM Captiv8 is the largest influencer technology marketing platform in the world  covering 95% of influencers with 5000+ followers.,Publicis Groupe S.APUBLICIS GROUPE ACQUIRES CAPTIV8TO BUILD THE WORLD’S MOST POWERFULCONNECTED INFLUENCER PLATFORMCaptiv8 is the largest influencer technology marketing platform in the world  covering 95% of influencers with 5000+ followers.Combined forces of Captiv8 & Influential  anchored in Epsilon’s connected identity will create an influencer platform of unmatched scale & reach  empowering brands to take full control of their social strategies on  off  and across social platforms.May 21  2025 – Paris – Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announces the acquisition of Captiv8  the world’s most advanced end-to-end influencer marketing platform.Captiv8 has a network of 15M creators globally  covering 95% of all influencers with +5000 followers. With its proprietary AI-powered technology  and leading social commerce suite  Captiv8 enables brands to unify  manage and measure their influencer strategies  and leverage creators to drive commerce at scale.Captiv8 is ranked the #1 Enterprise Influencer Platform by G2 thanks to a unified data foundation  AI automation  social listening technology and industry-leading Branded Storefronts solutions  which connect influencer  commerce and affiliate channels in a single platform. Captiv8 is active in 120 countries  adapted to local language and currencies  and processes over 2.5 billion social posts every year.The combination of Captiv8’s global reach  proprietary technology and social commerce capabilities  with Influential’s scale and client services  powered by Epsilon’s identity and activation technology will create:The World’s Largest Creator Network: together  Captiv8 and Influential connect brands to more than 15 million creators  covering both 95% of influencers with 5000+ followers and 90% of influencers with +1millon followers  enabling brands to reach highly engaged audiences at a scale that matches leading social media platforms.The most powerful AI Influencer Platform: Captiv8’s top ranked Influencer platform will underpin Publicis’ global Connected Influencer offering and be powered by Epsilon’s CoreID to allow brands to unify  deploy and control their creator strategies and activations across social platforms  media channels  and markets.Industry-Leading Social Commerce Engine: with access to Captiv8’s Creator Commerce capabilities  creators and brands will be empowered to monetize creator content and drive closed-loop conversion across social  commerce  and affiliate channels in a single environment.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['Publicis Groupe', 'influencer platform', 'Captiv8', 'world', 'powerful', 'Publicis’ global Connected Influencer offering', 'largest influencer technology marketing platform', 'industry-leading Branded Storefronts solutions', 'end influencer marketing platform', 'Publicis Groupe S.A', 'leading social commerce suite', 'Industry-Leading Social Commerce Engine', 'leading social media platforms', 'powerful AI Influencer Platform', 'CONNECTED INFLUENCER PLATFORM', 'PUBLICIS GROUPE ACQUIRES', 'unified data foundation', 'social listening technology', '2.5 billion social posts', 'proprietary AI-powered technology', 'Largest Creator Network', 'social commerce capabilities', 'Creator Commerce capabilities', 'social platforms', 'proprietary technology', 'social, commerce', 'single platform', 'influencer strategies', 'MOST POWERFUL', 'AI automation', 'global reach', 'activation technology', 'media channels', 'social strategies', 'connected identity', 'creator strategies', 'creator content', 'Combined forces', 'full control', 'affiliate channels', 'local language', 'client services', 'engaged audiences', 'closed-loop conversion', 'single environment', '5000+ followers', '+1millon followers', 'Euronext Paris', '15M creators', '15 million creators', 'unmatched scale', 'The World', '+5000 followers', 'CAPTIV8', 'influencers', 'Influential', 'Epsilon', 'brands', 'May', 'CAC', 'acquisition', 'G2', '120 countries', 'currencies', 'combination', 'CoreID', 'activations', 'markets', 'access']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,uk.finance.yahoo.com
50818,EuroNext,Bing API,https://businesstech.co.za/news/energy/824978/irish-energy-company-heading-to-the-jse/,Irish energy company heading to the JSE,Greencoat Renewables will list on the JSE in June  as it looks to broaden its shareholder base with new South African investors.,Greencoat Renewables  an Irish-incorporated renewable energy infrastructure company  will list on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange next month.The company was incorporated in 2017 to become a leading pan-European owner and operator of renewable energy assets.The company is a closed-end alternative investment fund regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.The company’s business model is simple: convert wind and solar irradiance to energy  sell clean energy to the grid or off-takers  and generate cash to distribute to investors and reinvest.The company acquired its initial seed portfolio in March 2017  comprising two onshore operating wind farms in Ireland  with an aggregate capacity of 137 megawatts.Since its IPO in 2017  the company has grown its portfolio to 40 renewable energy assets across five European jurisdictions  including Ireland  France  Germany  Spain and Sweden  contributing 1.5 GW.The company aims to give investors an annual Euro dividend  paid quarterly  that increases progressively.It also hopes to grow the capital value of its portfolio in the long term through active asset management  reinvestment of excess cash flow  and prudent use of leverage.The company is managed daily by Schroders Greencoat LLP  a manager of renewable infrastructure assets with €11 billion under management as of 31 December 2024.Greencoat Renewables has a market capitalisation of roughly €844 million (R17 billion) and has primary listing on the London Stock Exchange’s Alternative Investment Market (AIM).It also has a primary listing on the Euronext Growth Market  operated by the Irish Stock Exchange.Coming to South AfricaThe JSE has granted Greencoat Renewables approval for a secondary listing of all its issued ordinary shares  being 1 113 535 009 ordinary shares with a par value of €0.01 each.The shares will trade on the JSE’s AltX through an introduction via the JSE’s fast-track listing process. They will begin trading on Monday  9 June 2025  under the share code GRP.The company’s rationale for the secondary listing on Altx is to broaden its shareholder base with new South African-based investors.The secondary listing will also give South African-based investors a local platform to invest in and trade GRP shares more easily.It will also diversify the company’s shareholder base and position it for future growth  and increase liquidity for shareholders on the AIM Euronext Dublin.It will also allow for the acquisition of future capital in a new market to fund growth when market conditions allow. Significantly  no capital is being raised as part of the listing on the JSE.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Irish energy company', 'JSE', 'Irish-incorporated renewable energy infrastructure company', 'closed-end alternative investment fund', 'new South African-based investors', 'renewable infrastructure assets', 'Alternative Investment Market', 'renewable energy assets', 'Johannesburg Stock Exchange', 'leading pan-European owner', 'five European jurisdictions', 'annual Euro dividend', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'Schroders Greencoat LLP', 'operating wind farms', 'active asset management', 'excess cash flow', 'fast-track listing process', 'AIM Euronext Dublin', 'Greencoat Renewables approval', 'initial seed portfolio', 'Euronext Growth Market', 'new market', 'clean energy', 'market capitalisation', 'market conditions', 'Central Bank', 'business model', 'solar irradiance', 'aggregate capacity', 'long term', 'prudent use', 'primary listing', 'secondary listing', 'par value', 'share code', 'shareholder base', 'local platform', 'future growth', 'ordinary shares', 'capital value', 'future capital', 'The JSE', 'GRP shares', 'JSE.', 'operator', 'Ireland', 'grid', 'takers', 'March', 'onshore', '137 megawatts', 'IPO', 'France', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Sweden', '1.5 GW.', 'reinvestment', 'leverage', 'manager', '31 December', 'AltX', 'introduction', 'Monday', 'June', 'rationale', 'liquidity', 'shareholders', 'acquisition', 'part']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,businesstech.co.za
50819,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1109576212/Deutsche-Boerse-Euronext-Step-Up-Battle-Against-IPO-Flight-To-US,Deutsche Boerse  Euronext Step Up Battle Against IPO Flight To US,Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. comp,"Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. competition  with marketing and research challenging the perception that New York-listed companies fetch higher valuations.Stock exchanges in Europe and the UK have been hit by a drought of IPOs over the past two years and a number of local firms choosing to float or move primary listings to the U.S. for its deeper pools of capital and potentially higher valuations.Deutsche Boerse  which operates the Frankfurt Stock Exchange  is warning of sluggish post-IPO performance  higher costs and the threat of litigation for firms that list in the U.S.  according to a document shared with German companies and IPO advisers in recent weeks  and Reuters.It found that about two-thirds of companies that listed in Europe  including Germany  rose on their first day of trading  while only about half of European companies that listed in the U.S. gained on their market debuts. Over time the IPOs from the region also fared better in Europe than in the United States.The data doesn't mention valuation at IPO  but the exchange highlighted in its report several examples of European-listed companies trading at a premium to U.S.-listed peers.Euronext  which operates seven markets in cities including Amsterdam and Paris  is also planning to reissue a similar paper challenging the belief that U.S.-listed firms attract higher valuations than their European peers  its spokesperson told Reuters.""We really see more a competition  if you will  between Europe and the U.S. market in terms of listings  rather than within Europe "" Stefan Maassen  head of capital markets and corporates at Deutsche Boerse told Reuters.Exchanges earn fees from companies that list on their platforms and from brokers for trading of securities  and are seen as critical by policymakers to attract investment.DEEPER MARKETSEuropean officials have been looking for ways to deepen the continent's capital markets as the depth and size of U.S. markets are a draw for those eyeing a listing.The SP500 index has a market capitalisation of $49.5 trillion  almost four times that of Europe's Stoxx 600  according to LSEG data based on Monday's closing prices. European officials are also considering new listing rules to improve access to financing. The efforts by Deutsche Boerse and Euronext to curb New York's allure for European firms echo those of the London Stock Exchange which circulated a“mythbusting” document in March  questioning the perception that U.S.-listed companies attract higher valuations than those in London.Deutsche Boerse also said in its document it found that the share prices of U.S. listed German companies have fallen 13% on average since 2004  naming internet company trivago and retailer Mytheresa which have both fallen since floating  while issuers in Frankfurt saw a 24% rise.Around 130 European companies worth a combined $667 billion opted to either float or move their primary listing to the United States over the past decade  according to research by capital markets think tank  New Financial.However  70% of those are trading below their listing price with an overall average fall of 9%  according to the think tank.""We need to make our advantages more visible  and not just globally  but finally also on our own doorstep "" Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing said on Tuesday in a speech in Berlin  commenting on the relocation of European company listings to the U.S.Deutsche Boerse warned cross-border listed companies face potentially greater risks of lawsuits. To be sure  some market participants argue the risk of litigation gives shareholders paths to redress.Tariff-induced turmoil roiling U.S. markets could also lift the appeal of European markets  exchange executives say.Some market players  like Eva-Maria Wiecko  Head of Equity Market Solutions  Germany and Austria at Rothschild Co  are more sceptical.While the U.S. equity market has seen inflows in recent years  European markets have largely experienced outflows.""The recent re-balancing is only a fraction of these numbers  underscoring the continued relative strength of the U.S. market "" Wiecko said.",neutral,0.0,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'IPO Flight', 'Euronext', 'Battle', 'US', 'Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing', 'U.S. listed German companies', 'local initial public offerings', 'major stock exchange operators', 'U.S.-listed peers', 'U.S.-listed companies', 'U.S.-listed firms', 'U.S. equity market', 'capital markets think tank', 'cross-border listed companies', 'Equity Market Solutions', 'sluggish post-IPO performance', 'The SP500 index', 'internet company trivago', 'continued relative strength', 'U.S. market', 'U.S. competition', 'New York-listed companies', 'past two years', 'overall average fall', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'new listing rules', 'European company listings', 'local firms', 'European peers', 'market debuts', 'market capitalisation', 'market participants', 'market players', 'European companies', 'exchange executives', 'European markets', 'Stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'European-listed companies', 'past decade', 'New Financial', 'recent years', 'seven markets', 'DEEPER MARKETS', 'European firms', 'European officials', 'higher valuations', 'primary listings', 'deeper pools', 'higher costs', 'recent weeks', 'first day', 'United States', 'several examples', 'similar paper', 'Stefan Maassen', 'closing prices', 'share prices', 'listing price', 'greater risks', 'Tariff-induced turmoil', 'Rothschild Co', 'recent re-balancing', 'IPO advisers', 'LSEG data', 'Eva-Maria Wiecko', 'mythbusting” document', 'efforts', 'face', 'marketing', 'research', 'perception', 'UK', 'drought', 'IPOs', 'number', 'warning', 'threat', 'litigation', 'Reuters', 'two-thirds', 'Germany', 'trading', 'half', 'time', 'region', 'report', 'premium', 'Euronext', 'cities', 'Amsterdam', 'Paris', 'belief', 'spokesperson', 'terms', 'head', 'corporates', 'fees', 'platforms', 'brokers', 'securities', 'policymakers', 'investment', 'ways', 'continent', 'depth', 'size', 'draw', 'Stoxx', 'Monday', 'access', 'financing', 'allure', 'March', 'retailer', 'Mytheresa', 'issuers', '24% rise', 'advantages', 'doorstep', 'Tuesday', 'speech', 'Berlin', 'relocation', 'lawsuits', 'shareholders', 'paths', 'appeal', 'Austria', 'inflows', 'outflows', 'fraction']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,menafn.com
50820,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/gogl-key-information-relating-dividend-063000356.html,GOGL - Key information relating to the dividend for the first quarter  2025,Key information relating to the dividend to be paid by Golden Ocean Group Limited for the first quarter  2025: Dividend amount: $0.05 per share Declared currency: USD. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.,Golden Ocean Group LimitedKey information relating to the dividend to be paid by Golden Ocean Group Limited for the first quarter  2025:Dividend amount: $0.05 per shareDeclared currency: USD. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Last day including right: June 3  2025Ex-date: June 4  2025Record date: June 5  2025Payment date: On or about June 17  2025. Due to the implementation of CSDR in Norway  dividends payable on shares registered with Euronext VPS is expected to be distributed to Euronext VPS shareholders on or about June 19  2025.Date of approval: May 21  2025.This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Continuing Obligations.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Key information', 'first quarter', 'GOGL', 'dividend', 'Golden Ocean Group Limited', 'Euronext VPS shareholders', 'first quarter', 'Last day', 'Continuing Obligations', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'Key information', 'Dividend amount', 'currency', 'Dividends', 'shares', 'NOK', 'right', 'June', 'Ex-date', 'implementation', 'CSDR', 'Norway', 'approval', 'May', 'accordance', 'requirements']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,uk.finance.yahoo.com
50821,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.santelog.com/actualites-sante-nasdaq/genfit-receive-eu265-million-milestone-payment-following-approval-pricing,GENFIT to receive a €26.5 million milestone payment following the approval of pricing and reimbursement of Ipsen’s Iqirvo® in Italy,This major step unlocks a new milestone payment of €26.5 million under our Licensing and Collaboration Agreement with Ipsen 2  due upon pricing and reimbursement of Iqirvo® (elafibranor) in three major European markets 3 ,"Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  May 20  2025 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced that Ipsen’s Iqirvo®1 has been granted pricing and reimbursement in Italy for Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC).This major step unlocks a new milestone payment of €26.5 million under our Licensing and Collaboration Agreement with Ipsen2  due upon pricing and reimbursement of Iqirvo® (elafibranor) in three major European markets3  and will allow us to continue progressing our pipeline in Acute On-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and other life-threatening diseases.Milestone payments under the Licensing and Collaboration Agreement with Ipsen are not included in the scope of our royalty financing agreement with HCRx4.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has built up a diversified and rapidly expanding R&D portfolio of programs at various stages of development. The Company focuses on Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise includes five assets under development: VS-01  G1090N  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE  based on complementary mechanisms of action using different routes of administration. Other assets target other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). GENFIT's expertise in the development of high-potential molecules from early to advanced stages  and in pre-commercialization  was demonstrated in the accelerated approval of Iqirvo® (elafibranor5) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  the European Medicines Agency and the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency in the UK for Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® in Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis) and TS-01 focusing on blood ammonia levels. GENFIT is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  “target”  “may”  “will”  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  patient recruitment  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  pricing  approval and commercial success of elafibranor in the relevant jurisdictions  exchange rate fluctuations  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2024 Universal Registration Document filed on April 29  2025 (no. 25-0331) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2025 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTSGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comGENFIT | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Elafibranor is marketed and commercialized in the U.S by Ipsen under the trademark Iqirvo®2 https://ir.genfit.com/news-releases/news-release-details/genfit-ipsen-and-genfit-enter-exclusive-licensing-agreement3 Iqirvo® has already been granted pricing and reimbursement in the UK and in Germany4 https://ir.genfit.com/news-releases/news-release-details/genfit-announces-non-dilutive-royalty-financing-agreement-andAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.17,0.64,True,English,"['€26.5 million milestone payment', 'GENFIT', 'approval', 'pricing', 'reimbursement', 'Ipsen', 'Iqirvo®', 'Italy', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'expanding R&D portfolio', 'three major European markets', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'U.S. Securities', 'U.S. Food', 'other life-threatening diseases', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'solid scientific heritage', 'urea cycle disorder', 'blood ammonia levels', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'other serious diseases', 'new milestone payment', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Healthcare Regulatory Agency', 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'royalty financing agreement', 'liver disease research', 'Euronext regulated market', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'major step', 'Other assets', 'Milestone payments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'regulatory authorities', 'Exchange Commission', 'Collaboration Agreement', 'forward-looking statements', 'United States', 'medical needs', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'various stages', 'five assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'different routes', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'early to', 'advanced stages', 'diagnostic franchise', 'Compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'numerous known', 'clinical trials', 'patient recruitment', 'diagnostic candidates', 'commercial success', 'relevant jurisdictions', 'continued ability', 'public filings', 'Risk Factors', 'Internal Control', 'public documents', '2024 Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'financial position', 'future periods', 'drug candidates', 'accelerated approval', 'current expectations', 'ACLF franchise', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'amf.org', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Drug Administration', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'Ipsen', 'Iqirvo®', 'pricing', 'reimbursement', 'Italy', 'PBC', 'Licensing', 'elafibranor', 'pipeline', 'Acute', 'scope', 'HCRx', 'pioneer', 'development', 'diversified', 'programs', 'VS-01', 'G1090N', 'SRT', 'CLM', 'action', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OA', 'expertise', 'pre-commercialization', 'UK', 'therapies', 'NIS2+®', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'TS-01', 'offices', 'Paris', 'USA', '8% stake', 'capital', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'target', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'others', 'relation', 'safety', 'cost', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'Chapter', 'April', 'website', 'reports', 'addition', 'performance', 'liquidity', 'industry']",2025-05-21,2025-05-21,santelog.com
