UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36229,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/2b0a339fdaee5954,Euroclear warns against G7 plan to backstop Ukraine debt with Russian assets,Chief executive Lieve Mostrey says move would trigger similar risks to European financial system as outright seizure #lievemostrey,Chief executive Lieve Mostrey says move would trigger similar risks to European financial system as outright seizure#lievemostreyThis story appeared on ft.com  .,negative,0.05,0.36,0.59,negative,0.07,0.39,0.54,True,English,"['G7 plan', 'Ukraine debt', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'Chief executive Lieve Mostrey', 'European financial system', 'similar risks', 'outright seizure', 'move', 'lievemostrey', 'story', 'ft.']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,biztoc.com
36230,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829599/0/en/Notice-Convening-the-Eezy-Plc-Annual-General-Meeting-on-9-April-2024.html,Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 9 April 2024,EEZY PLC – STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – 15 February 2024 at 8:02   Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 9 April 2024   NOTICE CONVENING...,EEZY PLC – STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – 15 February 2024 at 8:02Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 9 April 2024NOTICE CONVENING THE GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Eezy Plc are invited to the annual general meeting  which is to be held on Tuesday  9 April 2024 starting at 10:00 in the Jura-Sali event room at the address Kasarmikatu 21 B  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9:30.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions concerning advance voting are provided in section C of this notice.There will be an opportunity to watch the general meeting via an online broadcast. Link for watching the online broadcast will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 3 April 2024 at the latest. It will not be possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise take the floor or vote via the online broadcast. Watching the meeting via the online broadcast does not constitute participating in the meeting or exercising shareholder rights.A recording of the CEO’s review presented at the general meeting will be made available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 after the meeting.The general meeting will be held in Finnish.A. Agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and the person to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2023Presentation of the CEO’s review.The company’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 15 March 2024 at the latest.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the board of directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe company’s remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 15 March 2024 at the latest.11. Consideration of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe company’s remuneration policy for governing bodies will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 15 March 2024 at the latest.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 52% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that the remuneration of the board of directors be changed and that the members of the board of directors be paid monthly remuneration as follows:EUR 5 000 per month for the chairperson of the board andEUR 2 500 each per month for all other members of the board.In addition  members of the board of directors’ committees will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 for each committee meeting.The reasonable travelling expenses of the members of the board of directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travelling policy and practices.13. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 52% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that seven (7) members be elected to the board of directors.14. Election of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 52% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that Tapio Pajuharju  Paul Savolainen  Mika Uotila  Kati Hagros  Mikko Wirén and Maria Pajamo be re-elected as members of the board of directors and Tomi Laaksola be elected as a new member of the board of directors for a term ending at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.Jarno Suominen has notified that he is not available for re-election.The composition of the board of directors will be considered as a whole.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals as well as the evaluations of their independence are available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that the auditor’s fees be paid against its reasonable invoice as approved by the company.16. Election of the auditorUpon the recommendation of the audit committee  the board of directors proposes to the general meeting the re-election of the company’s current auditor  audit firm KPMG Oy Ab  which has stated that Niklas Oikia  APA  will act as the new responsible auditor.The term of the auditor will end at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.If KPMG Oy Ab is elected as the auditor of the company  it will also carry out the assurance of the company’s sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024 in accordance with the transitional provision of the act amending the Limited Liability Companies Act (1252/2023) and will be imbursed for this task as per its invoice approved by the company.17. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s shares using the company’s unrestricted equity under the following terms and conditions:The total maximum number of shares to be repurchased under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders. The shares will be repurchased using the company’s distributable unrestricted equity. This authorisation replaces prior authorisations granted to the board of directors to repurchase the company’s own shares. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2025  but in any case  no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on authorisation.18. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares in one or more tranches as well as on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The board of directors decides on all the terms and conditions regarding the issuance of shares and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares. The share issues and the issuances of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares can take place in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as the financing or the implementation of a merger or acquisition  the development of the company’s equity structure or the implementation of the company’s incentive schemes. The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of implementing the company’s incentive schemes is 250 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 1.0% of all the shares in the company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above number of shares to be issued for the implementation of incentive schemes is included in the overall number of the issuance authorisation referred to in subsection 1. above. Based on the authorisation  the board of directors is also authorised to decide on a share issue without payment directed to the company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the company. This amount includes shares that may be held by the company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The authorisation replaces prior share issue authorisations granted to the board of directors. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2025  but in any case  no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on authorisation.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThis notice convening the general meeting  which includes all the proposed resolutions on the agenda of the general meeting  is available on Eezy Plc’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024.Eezy Plc’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report as well as the company’s remuneration report and the remuneration policy for governing bodies will be available on the above website by 15 March 2024 at the latest. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the general meeting.The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above website on 23 April 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the general meeting  26 March 2024  in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Registration for the general meeting commences on 27 February 2024 at 9:00. A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholder register and who wishes to participate in the general meeting must register no later than on 3 April 2024 at 16:00  by which time the registration must be received. Shareholders can register for the meeting in the following ways:a) On the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024If the shareholder is an individual  electronic registration on the company’s website requires strong electronic identification with Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID.If the shareholder is a legal person  electronic registration does not generally require strong electronic identification. However  legal persons must provide the number of their book-entry account as well as their business ID or other identification code. If a legal person uses Suomi.fi e-authorisation  registration requires that the authorised person uses strong electronic identification with Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID.b) By post to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Maistraatinportti 1  FI-00240 Helsinki  FinlandThe requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of their possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of the proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration.The personal data given to Eezy Plc or Euroclear Finland Oy by shareholders is used only in connection with the general meeting and in connection with the processing of the related necessary registrations.Upon request  a shareholder  their representative or proxy representative must be able to prove their identity and/or representation right at the meeting venue.2. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting  26 March 2024. In addition  the right to participate requires that holders of nominee registered shares be temporarily registered into the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 at the latest. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the general meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to contact their custodian bank in good time to request the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the company’s shareholder register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the general meeting and voting in advance. The account operator of the custodian bank has to temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting into the company’s shareholder register at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account operator of the custodian bank also has to arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Further information on these matters is available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024.3. Proxy representative and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.The proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the general meeting. When a shareholder participates in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the general meeting.Any proxy documents should be announced in connection with registration  and the proxy documents should be delivered by post to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Maistraatinportti 1  FI-00240 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to the address yhtiokokous@eezy.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must ensure that they register for the general meeting in the manner instructed above in this notice.Legal persons may use the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative for a traditional proxy document. In such a case  the legal person authorises a proxy representative via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’. In Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting registration service  the proxy representatives must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the e-authorisation is verified automatically. Strong electronic identification requires Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the general meeting via the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 between 9:00 on 27 February 2024 and 16:00 on 3 April 2024. If the shareholder is an individual  identification in the advance voting service requires Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID. If the shareholder is a legal person  identification in the advance voting service requires their business ID and book-entry account number.In addition to advance voting  shareholders must ensure that they register for the general meeting before the end of the registration period.Proposed resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the general meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote held at the general meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholder who voted in advance is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting.Unless shareholders voting in advance participate in the general meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation  they will not be able to make counterproposals  vote for a possible counterproposal  or use their rights under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.The terms and conditions and other instructions for advance voting will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 as of the beginning of the advance voting  27 February 2024 at 9:00  at the latest.5. Other instructions / informationPursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice convening the general meeting  15 February 2024  the total number of shares and votes in Eezy Plc is 25 046 815.Helsinki  15 February 2024EEZY PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Ilpo ToivonenGeneral Counselilpo.toivonen@eezy.fitel. +358 (0)40 307 5003Attachments,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', '9\xa0April', 'Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'next annual general meeting', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Jura-Sali event room', 'Mikko Wirén', 'reasonable travelling expenses', 'consolidated financial statements', 'travelling policy', 'eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting', 'Kasarmikatu 21 B', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'online broadcast', 'shareholder rights', 'A. Agenda', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'Tapio Pajuharju', 'Paul Savolainen', 'Mika Uotila', 'Kati Hagros', 'Maria Pajamo', 'Tomi Laaksola', 'new member', 'Jarno Suominen', 'Personal information', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'committee meeting', 'remuneration policy', 'monthly remuneration', 'financial year', 'advance voting', 'other members', 'seven (7) members', 'directors’ committees', 'remuneration report', '15 February', 'Notice', '9 April', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'opportunity', 'Link', 'company', 'website', '3 April', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'floor', 'recording', 'CEO', 'review', 'Finnish', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'board', 'auditor', '15 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'aggregate', 'shares', 'chairperson', 'addition', 'accordance', 'practices', 'number', 'term', 'composition', 'positions', 'trust', 'individuals', 'evaluations']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36231,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EEZY-OYJ-44315896/news/Notice-Convening-the-Eezy-Plc-Annual-General-Meeting-on-9-April-2024-45955681/,Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 9 April 2024 -February 15  2024 at 01:03 am EST,(marketscreener.com) EEZY PLC – STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – 15 February 2024 at 8:02 Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 9 April 2024 NOTICE CONVENING THE GENERAL MEETING The shareholders of Eezy Plc are invited to the annual general meeting …,EEZY PLC – STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – 15 February 2024 at 8:02Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 9 April 2024NOTICE CONVENING THE GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Eezy Plc are invited to the annual general meeting  which is to be held on Tuesday  9 April 2024 starting at 10:00 in the Jura-Sali event room at the address Kasarmikatu 21 B  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9:30.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions concerning advance voting are provided in section C of this notice.There will be an opportunity to watch the general meeting via an online broadcast. Link for watching the online broadcast will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 3 April 2024 at the latest. It will not be possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise take the floor or vote via the online broadcast. Watching the meeting via the online broadcast does not constitute participating in the meeting or exercising shareholder rights.A recording of the CEO’s review presented at the general meeting will be made available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 after the meeting.The general meeting will be held in Finnish.A. Agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and the person to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2023Presentation of the CEO’s review.The company’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 15 March 2024 at the latest.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the board of directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe company’s remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 15 March 2024 at the latest.11. Consideration of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe company’s remuneration policy for governing bodies will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 by 15 March 2024 at the latest.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 52% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that the remuneration of the board of directors be changed and that the members of the board of directors be paid monthly remuneration as follows:EUR 5 000 per month for the chairperson of the board andEUR 2 500 each per month for all other members of the board.In addition  members of the board of directors’ committees will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 for each committee meeting.The reasonable travelling expenses of the members of the board of directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travelling policy and practices.13. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 52% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that seven (7) members be elected to the board of directors.14. Election of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 52% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that Tapio Pajuharju  Paul Savolainen  Mika Uotila  Kati Hagros  Mikko Wirén and Maria Pajamo be re-elected as members of the board of directors and Tomi Laaksola be elected as a new member of the board of directors for a term ending at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.Jarno Suominen has notified that he is not available for re-election.The composition of the board of directors will be considered as a whole.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals as well as the evaluations of their independence are available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that the auditor’s fees be paid against its reasonable invoice as approved by the company.16. Election of the auditorUpon the recommendation of the audit committee  the board of directors proposes to the general meeting the re-election of the company’s current auditor  audit firm KPMG Oy Ab  which has stated that Niklas Oikia  APA  will act as the new responsible auditor.The term of the auditor will end at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.If KPMG Oy Ab is elected as the auditor of the company  it will also carry out the assurance of the company’s sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024 in accordance with the transitional provision of the act amending the Limited Liability Companies Act (1252/2023) and will be imbursed for this task as per its invoice approved by the company.17. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s shares using the company’s unrestricted equity under the following terms and conditions:The total maximum number of shares to be repurchased under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders. The shares will be repurchased using the company’s distributable unrestricted equity. This authorisation replaces prior authorisations granted to the board of directors to repurchase the company’s own shares. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2025  but in any case  no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on authorisation.18. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares in one or more tranches as well as on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The board of directors decides on all the terms and conditions regarding the issuance of shares and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares. The share issues and the issuances of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares can take place in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as the financing or the implementation of a merger or acquisition  the development of the company’s equity structure or the implementation of the company’s incentive schemes. The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of implementing the company’s incentive schemes is 250 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 1.0% of all the shares in the company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above number of shares to be issued for the implementation of incentive schemes is included in the overall number of the issuance authorisation referred to in subsection 1. above. Based on the authorisation  the board of directors is also authorised to decide on a share issue without payment directed to the company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the company. This amount includes shares that may be held by the company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The authorisation replaces prior share issue authorisations granted to the board of directors. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2025  but in any case  no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on authorisation.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThis notice convening the general meeting  which includes all the proposed resolutions on the agenda of the general meeting  is available on Eezy Plc’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024.Eezy Plc’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report as well as the company’s remuneration report and the remuneration policy for governing bodies will be available on the above website by 15 March 2024 at the latest. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the general meeting.The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above website on 23 April 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the general meeting  26 March 2024  in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Registration for the general meeting commences on 27 February 2024 at 9:00. A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholder register and who wishes to participate in the general meeting must register no later than on 3 April 2024 at 16:00  by which time the registration must be received. Shareholders can register for the meeting in the following ways:a) On the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024If the shareholder is an individual  electronic registration on the company’s website requires strong electronic identification with Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID.If the shareholder is a legal person  electronic registration does not generally require strong electronic identification. However  legal persons must provide the number of their book-entry account as well as their business ID or other identification code. If a legal person uses Suomi.fi e-authorisation  registration requires that the authorised person uses strong electronic identification with Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID.b) By post to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Maistraatinportti 1  FI-00240 Helsinki  FinlandThe requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of their possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of the proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration.The personal data given to Eezy Plc or Euroclear Finland Oy by shareholders is used only in connection with the general meeting and in connection with the processing of the related necessary registrations.Upon request  a shareholder  their representative or proxy representative must be able to prove their identity and/or representation right at the meeting venue.2. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting  26 March 2024. In addition  the right to participate requires that holders of nominee registered shares be temporarily registered into the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 at the latest. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the general meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to contact their custodian bank in good time to request the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the company’s shareholder register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the general meeting and voting in advance. The account operator of the custodian bank has to temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting into the company’s shareholder register at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account operator of the custodian bank also has to arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Further information on these matters is available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024.3. Proxy representative and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.The proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the general meeting. When a shareholder participates in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the general meeting.Any proxy documents should be announced in connection with registration  and the proxy documents should be delivered by post to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Maistraatinportti 1  FI-00240 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to the address yhtiokokous@eezy.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must ensure that they register for the general meeting in the manner instructed above in this notice.Legal persons may use the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative for a traditional proxy document. In such a case  the legal person authorises a proxy representative via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’. In Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting registration service  the proxy representatives must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the e-authorisation is verified automatically. Strong electronic identification requires Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the general meeting via the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 between 9:00 on 27 February 2024 and 16:00 on 3 April 2024. If the shareholder is an individual  identification in the advance voting service requires Finnish online banking credentials or a Finnish mobile ID. If the shareholder is a legal person  identification in the advance voting service requires their business ID and book-entry account number.In addition to advance voting  shareholders must ensure that they register for the general meeting before the end of the registration period.Proposed resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the general meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote held at the general meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholder who voted in advance is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting.Unless shareholders voting in advance participate in the general meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation  they will not be able to make counterproposals  vote for a possible counterproposal  or use their rights under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.The terms and conditions and other instructions for advance voting will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2024 as of the beginning of the advance voting  27 February 2024 at 9:00  at the latest.5. Other instructions / informationPursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice convening the general meeting  15 February 2024  the total number of shares and votes in Eezy Plc is 25 046 815.Helsinki  15 February 2024EEZY PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Ilpo ToivonenGeneral Counselilpo.toivonen@eezy.fitel. +358 (0)40 307 5003Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', '9 April', 'February', '01:03', 'Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'next annual general meeting', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Jura-Sali event room', 'Mikko Wirén', 'reasonable travelling expenses', 'consolidated financial statements', 'travelling policy', 'eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting', 'Kasarmikatu 21 B', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'online broadcast', 'shareholder rights', 'A. Agenda', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'Tapio Pajuharju', 'Paul Savolainen', 'Mika Uotila', 'Kati Hagros', 'Maria Pajamo', 'Tomi Laaksola', 'new member', 'Jarno Suominen', 'Personal information', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'committee meeting', 'remuneration policy', 'monthly remuneration', 'financial year', 'advance voting', 'other members', 'seven (7) members', 'directors’ committees', 'remuneration report', '15 February', 'Notice', '9 April', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'opportunity', 'Link', 'company', 'website', '3 April', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'floor', 'recording', 'CEO', 'review', 'Finnish', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'board', 'auditor', '15 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'aggregate', 'shares', 'chairperson', 'addition', 'accordance', 'practices', 'number', 'term', 'composition', 'positions', 'trust', 'individuals', 'evaluations']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36232,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829601/0/en/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  15 February 2024 at 8.15 a.m.    Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting    The Annual......,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  15 February 2024 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Tuesday 16 April 2024 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2023Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 26 March 2024 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2023  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 60 604 858.19 of which EUR 25 359 472.05 was profit for the financial year 2023. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.37 per share be paid for the financial year 2023. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 15.0 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 18 April 2024 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 25 April 2024 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202310. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2023  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s Annual General Meeting  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 26 March 2024 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Consideration of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe Annual General Meeting of 2020 adopted the remuneration policy for the governing bodies. The remuneration policy must be presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years or whenever material changes are made to it.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company's updated remuneration policy for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.The changes in the proposed remuneration policy for the governing bodies include increasing the maximum annual amount of the President and CEO’s short-term incentive to 50% of the annual salary to ensure the competitiveness of the remuneration (the previous maximum amount equaled to four months' gross salary) and incorporating sustainability-related targets into the operational evaluation criteria. Other changes compared to the remuneration policy confirmed at the Annual General Meeting of 2020 are of technical nature. The remuneration policy for the governing bodies is available on 26 March 2024 at the latest on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would be increased to be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 55 000 would be paid to the Chair (2023: EUR 48 000)  EUR 40 000 to the Vice Chair (2023: EUR 35 000) and EUR 30 000 to the other Board members (2023: EUR 26 000). Board members who reside outside Finland would receive EUR 1 000 per Board meeting where they are physically present. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2023.The fees payable to the Board members have not been increased since the Annual General Meeting of 2019. The proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee is based on a benchmark of remuneration used in other Finnish listed companies.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2024 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the Annual General Meeting  16 April 2024  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 14 of this notice in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  a monthly fee of EUR 5 000 for half-time duty as the Chair pursuant to a separate executive service agreement is proposed to be paid. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement  but Mika Ihamuotila will not take part in the evaluation. If Mika Ihamuotila is elected as a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  he will not receive the separate remuneration for committee work.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors. Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen started as Marimekko’s Chief Technology Officer and member of the Management Group on 29 January 2024 and resigned from his position as a member of the company’s Board of Directors on the same date.The same shareholders further propose that Massimiliano Brunazzo be elected as a new member of the Board. Brunazzo (b. 1979  MBA) has been the CEO and President of EMEAI region at Bottega Veneta since 2019. Previously he has held various leadership positions at adidas and Hugo Boss  among other companies.Carol Chen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi  Marianne Vikkula and Massimiliano Brunazzo are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mika Ihamuotila and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. The term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting of 2025. Biographical details of the new proposed Board member are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. Other proposed Board members are presented at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/board-of-directors.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor and the authorized sustainability auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company. The same is proposed to be applied to the auditor's remuneration for the assurance of the company's sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024.16. Election of the auditor and the authorized sustainability auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.In addition  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company's auditor be elected for the assurance of the company's sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 150 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.4 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2023 Annual General Meeting.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 200 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2023 Annual General Meeting.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy proposed to be adopted by the Annual General Meeting of 2024 will be available on the company’s website on 26 March 2024 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting can be viewed on the company’s website as of 30 April 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  4 April 2024  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 8 April 2024 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Monday 11 March 2024 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024Electronic registration requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder registering by mail or email must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.com.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth  business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024 or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.Further information on registration is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  4 April 2024  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 11 April 2024 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024 on 11 March 2024 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.com. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting from 11 March 2024 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 8 April 2024 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024Electronic advance voting requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024 or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.com. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 11 March 2024 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the Annual General Meeting prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.Further information on advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. Following the Annual General Meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  14 February 2024  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  14 February 2024MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2023  the company's net sales totaled EUR 174 million and comparable operating profit margin was 18.4 percent. Globally  there are roughly 170 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 470 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,positive,0.78,0.2,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', ""four months' gross salary"", 'dividend payout record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'operational evaluation criteria', 'dividend payout date', 'maximum annual amount', 'updated remuneration policy', 'annual salary', 'meeting venue', 'previous maximum', 'The Board', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'total amount', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'short-term incentive', 'sustainability-related targets', 'technical nature', 'Remuneration Committee', 'financial year', 'substantial changes', 'material changes', 'Other changes', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'advisory resolution', 'remuneration report', 'Tuesday 16 April', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '18 April', '25 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'Shareholders', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'management', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '26 March', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', 'way', 'competitiveness', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', '2.00', '1.00', '10.', '11.']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36233,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARIMEKKO-OYJ-1412490/news/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-45955758/,Notice of Marimekko Corporation's Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  15 February 2024 at 8.15 a.m. Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Tuesday 16 April 2024 at 2.00 p.m. a…,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  15 February 2024 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Tuesday 16 April 2024 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2023Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 26 March 2024 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2023  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 60 604 858.19 of which EUR 25 359 472.05 was profit for the financial year 2023. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.37 per share be paid for the financial year 2023. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 15.0 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 18 April 2024 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 25 April 2024 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202310. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2023  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s Annual General Meeting  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 26 March 2024 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Consideration of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe Annual General Meeting of 2020 adopted the remuneration policy for the governing bodies. The remuneration policy must be presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years or whenever material changes are made to it.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company's updated remuneration policy for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.The changes in the proposed remuneration policy for the governing bodies include increasing the maximum annual amount of the President and CEO’s short-term incentive to 50% of the annual salary to ensure the competitiveness of the remuneration (the previous maximum amount equaled to four months' gross salary) and incorporating sustainability-related targets into the operational evaluation criteria. Other changes compared to the remuneration policy confirmed at the Annual General Meeting of 2020 are of technical nature. The remuneration policy for the governing bodies is available on 26 March 2024 at the latest on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would be increased to be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 55 000 would be paid to the Chair (2023: EUR 48 000)  EUR 40 000 to the Vice Chair (2023: EUR 35 000) and EUR 30 000 to the other Board members (2023: EUR 26 000). Board members who reside outside Finland would receive EUR 1 000 per Board meeting where they are physically present. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2023.The fees payable to the Board members have not been increased since the Annual General Meeting of 2019. The proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee is based on a benchmark of remuneration used in other Finnish listed companies.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2024 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the Annual General Meeting  16 April 2024  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 14 of this notice in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  a monthly fee of EUR 5 000 for half-time duty as the Chair pursuant to a separate executive service agreement is proposed to be paid. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement  but Mika Ihamuotila will not take part in the evaluation. If Mika Ihamuotila is elected as a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  he will not receive the separate remuneration for committee work.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors. Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen started as Marimekko’s Chief Technology Officer and member of the Management Group on 29 January 2024 and resigned from his position as a member of the company’s Board of Directors on the same date.The same shareholders further propose that Massimiliano Brunazzo be elected as a new member of the Board. Brunazzo (b. 1979  MBA) has been the CEO and President of EMEAI region at Bottega Veneta since 2019. Previously he has held various leadership positions at adidas and Hugo Boss  among other companies.Carol Chen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi  Marianne Vikkula and Massimiliano Brunazzo are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mika Ihamuotila and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. The term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting of 2025. Biographical details of the new proposed Board member are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. Other proposed Board members are presented at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/board-of-directors.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor and the authorized sustainability auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company. The same is proposed to be applied to the auditor's remuneration for the assurance of the company's sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024.16. Election of the auditor and the authorized sustainability auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.In addition  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company's auditor be elected for the assurance of the company's sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 150 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.4 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2023 Annual General Meeting.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 200 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2023 Annual General Meeting.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy proposed to be adopted by the Annual General Meeting of 2024 will be available on the company’s website on 26 March 2024 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting can be viewed on the company’s website as of 30 April 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  4 April 2024  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 8 April 2024 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Monday 11 March 2024 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024Electronic registration requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder registering by mail or email must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.com.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth  business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024 or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.Further information on registration is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  4 April 2024  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 11 April 2024 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024 on 11 March 2024 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.com. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting from 11 March 2024 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 8 April 2024 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024Electronic advance voting requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024 or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.com. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 11 March 2024 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the Annual General Meeting prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024.Further information on advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2024. Following the Annual General Meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  14 February 2024  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  14 February 2024MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2023  the company's net sales totaled EUR 174 million and comparable operating profit margin was 18.4 percent. Globally  there are roughly 170 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 470 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.78,0.2,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', ""four months' gross salary"", 'dividend payout record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'operational evaluation criteria', 'dividend payout date', 'maximum annual amount', 'updated remuneration policy', 'annual salary', 'meeting venue', 'previous maximum', 'The Board', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'total amount', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'short-term incentive', 'sustainability-related targets', 'technical nature', 'Remuneration Committee', 'financial year', 'substantial changes', 'material changes', 'Other changes', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'advisory resolution', 'remuneration report', 'Tuesday 16 April', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '18 April', '25 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'Shareholders', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'management', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '26 March', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', 'way', 'competitiveness', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', '2.00', '1.00', '10.', '11.']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36234,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830234/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2023-results.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 results,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 resultsStrong results demonstrating benefits of Euronext’s diversified business model. 2023 costs better than revised guidance. €74 million cumulated run-rate synergies delivered  above the 2023 interim guidance of €70 million.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 15 February 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023.Full year 2023 revenue and income 1 was up +3.9% at €1 474.7 million (+0.5% compared to 2022 underlying revenue and income): Strong performance of non-volume related revenue representing 60% of total revenue 2 and income (vs. 57% in 2022) and covering 145% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 2 (vs. 133% in 2022): Technology Solutions reported €109.9 million of revenue (+9.8%)  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of colocation services following the migration of the Core Data Centre to Bergamo  Italy; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million (+6.0%)  driven by a strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products; Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €248.9 million (+2.4%)  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This was partly offset by lower settlement volumes and the negative FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +5.5%; Listing revenue grew to €220.6 million (+1.0%)  thanks to the continued expansion of the Corporate Services offering. In 2023  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 64 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Listing performance was negatively impacted by FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +3.2%.Clearing revenue was stable year-on-year at €121.3 million  thanks to the additional business captured by Euronext Clearing following its expansion for equities on 27 November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing  that offset softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €46.7 million (+6.0% compared to 2022 underlying net treasury income 1 ).). Trading revenue was €490.0 million (-4.7%)  reflecting the softer environment for cash trading (€265.4 million  -12.0%) and derivatives trading (€54.2 million  -7.2%) offset by record results in fixed income (€107.4 million  +15.6%) and power trading (€37.4 million  +14.5%).Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 2 were €610.0 million (+0.6%)   better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million 3 due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million.  better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. Adjusted EBITDA 2 was €864.7 million (+0.4%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.6% (-0.1 pts).Adjusted net income 2 was €584.7 million (+5.3%) and adjusted EPS was €5.51 (+5.9%).Reported net income was €513.6 million (+17.3%)  reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022.reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022. Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.0x at the end of 2023 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 1.9x .. Key figures for full year 2023:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 % var % var l-f-l4 Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income1 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Great progress with Borsa Italiana Group integration leads to accelerated synergies delivery: €74 million of cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were achieved at end of 2023  above the €70 million interim target. €26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were delivered in Q4 2023  mainly related to the first phase of the Euronext Clearing European expansion to equity clearing. €103 million cumulated implementation costs were incurred since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  of which €8 million were incurred during Q4 2023 . Euronext successfully expanded Euronext Clearing as the pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash markets. Following the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. Euronext Clearing now clears equities  ETFs  structured products  warrants  and bonds across six Euronext markets. The implementation of harmonised clearing allows market participants to streamline their entire trade lifecycle within Euronext and to leverage on Euronext Securities to access T2S. Euronext is well on track for the delivery of the last major milestones of the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan in 2024. The migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq ® in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed financial and commodities derivatives by Q3 2024 will significantly contribute to reaching the targeted €115 million synergies by end of 2024.Dividend proposal:A dividend of €256.8 million will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2024. This represents 50% of 2023 reported net income  in line with Euronext’s dividend policy. Based on the number of outstanding shares at the end of 2023  this represents a dividend of €2.48 per share  up +11.7% compared to 2022.Cost guidance for 2024:In 2023  underlying expenses excluding D&A were positively impacted by a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million and by a positive impact of €11.4 million from the NOK depreciation. Consequently  Euronext reported €610.0 million underlying expenses excluding D&A in 2023  compared to an initial guidance of €630 million.In 2024  Euronext will continue its costs control policy and expects that savings and synergies will offset inflation and 2023 costs ramp-up. As a result  Euronext expects its 2024 underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €625 million  including around €10 million to finance growth projects and excluding potential impact from FX over the year.Continued innovation in trading with the launch of Euronext Mid-Point MatchFollowing the successful opening of the test environment for Euronext’s new dark trading facility at the end of January 2024  Euronext confirms the launch of Dark  Mid-Point and Sweep functionalities in Q1 20245. The whole Euronext ecosystem of trading members  local brokers  market makers and global banks  will benefit from zero latency in pegging to Euronext midpoint  and zero latency for sweeping from dark to lit on Euronext stocks.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2023  Euronext reached record revenue and income close to €1.5 billion. Robust organic growth in our non-volume related businesses and double-digit growth in fixed income and power trading drove Group revenue's growth to +3.9%  despite negative FX impacts and the softer cash trading environment. Despite an inflationary environment  Euronext was able to finance growth projects and to beat its revised cost guidance. This was allowed by our trademark cost discipline  FX impacts and a one-off release. We reached an adjusted EBITDA of €864.7 million  which translated into an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%. Our strong operating performance  combined with around €56 million of capital gains  allowed our net reported profit to grow double-digit to €513.6 million  and our adjusted EPS to increase by +5.9% to €5.51. In line with our dividend policy  we will propose a total dividend of €256.8 million  representing 50% of our reported net income  at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2024. Our strong cash generation capabilities have enabled us to already return €200 million of capital to our shareholders through the share repurchase programme implemented during the second half of 2023. We continued our deleveraging path as we reached a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9x at the end of 2023  down from 3.2x post acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.We have made great progress with the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. We have expanded Euronext Clearing as a pan-European clearing house for the clearing of cash products. This new harmonised post-trade set-up allows clients to execute their entire trading lifecycle through Euronext.These strategic milestones have materially contributed to the €74 million cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies delivered by the end of 2023  ahead of the €70 million interim guidance.The migration of Borsa Italiana’s derivatives to Optiq in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed derivatives by Q3 2024 will complete our presence on the entire trading value chain and will position Euronext ideally to capture future growth opportunities.As we celebrate the 10 year anniversary of our IPO in 2024  I am looking forward to deep-dive into the opportunities that this transformation will offer for Euronext in the coming years at our Investors Day in November 2024.”2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2023 FY 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income6 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Listing 220.6 218.4 +1.0% +3.2% Trading revenue  of which 490.0 514.1 -4.7% -3.8% Cash trading 265.4 301.7 -12.0% -12.0% Derivatives trading 54.2 58.4 -7.2% -7.0% Fixed income trading 107.4 93.0 +15.6% +15.8% FX trading 25.6 28.4 -10.0% -7.8% Power trading 37.4 32.7 +14.5% +29.3% Investor Services 11.4 9.6 +18.5% +21.1% Advanced Data Services 224.8 212.1 +6.0% +6.2% Post-Trade  of which 370.2 364.5 +1.6% +3.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% -0.1% Custody and Settlement 248.9 243.1 +2.4% +5.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 109.9 100.1 +9.8% +8.8% NTI through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) -1049.8% +6.0% Other income 1.4 1.5 -9.0% -8.9% Transitional revenues (0.2) 3.4 -106.5% -106.5% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (688.3) (633.4) +8.7% +3.3% EBITDA 786.4 785.4 +0.1% +0.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (170.1) (160.2) +6.2% +8.9% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (858.5) (793.6) +8.2% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 790.4 792.8 -0.3% -0.3% Operating Profit 616.2 625.3 -1.4% Net financing income / (expense) (0.2) (29.7) -99.4% Results from equity investments 83.1 18.7 +344.7% Profit before income tax 699.1 614.2 +13.8% Income tax expense (162.7) (163.6) -0.6% Share of non-controlling interests (22.8) (12.8) +78.3% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders7 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Share count differs between the two periods2023 revenue and incomeIn 2023  Euronext’s underlying revenue and income was €1 474.7 million  up +0.5% compared to 2022  resulting from strong performance of non-volume related activities  offsetting the softer cash trading environment and negative impact from the NOK depreciation over the year. 2023 total revenue and income was up +3.9%  reflecting the Q3 2022 one-off loss in net treasury income related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio1.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was up +1.6% in 2023  at €1 469.7 million  compared to 2022.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of underlying Group revenue in 2023  up +9.7% compared to 2022 underlying non-volume related revenue  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and the challenging environment for cash and derivatives trading. Non-volume-related underlying revenue covered 145% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A  compared to 133% in 2022.2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly to €610.0 million  up +0.6%. 2023 underlying expenses were positively impacted by cost discipline  the NOK depreciation over the year and a positive one-off accruals release in Q4 2023 of €6.3 million. This entirely offset inflationary pressures and costs incurred to support new growth initiatives.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +3.3% compared to 2022  which highlights the positive impact of the NOK on the 2023 reported cost base.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the year totalled €864.7 million  up +0.4% compared to 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%  stable compared to 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2023 was up +0.4%  to €874.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 59.5%  down -0.7 points compared to 2022.2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €170.1 million in 2023  up +6.2%  resulting from ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €82.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.2023 adjusted operating profit was €790.4 million  down -0.3% compared to 2022 adjusted operating profit.€174.2 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2023 was €0.2 million compared to a net financing expense of €29.7 million in 2022. This decrease resulted from the higher interest income from cash held in Q3 and Q4 2023  offsetting the cost of issued debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €83.1 million in 2023  resulting from the €41.6 million tax-exempted non-underlying capital gain in relation to the disposal of Euronext’s stake in LCH SA and the €11.4 million tax-exempted capital gain in relation to the disposal from Euronext’s investment in Tokeny  as well as the dividend received from Euroclear and Sicovam. In 2022  Euronext reported €18.7 million in results from equity investments  reflecting the dividend received from Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for 2023 was €162.7 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 23.3% for 2023  positively impacted by the tax-exempted capital gains recorded in Q3 and Q4 2023 (2022: €163.6 million and 26.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €22.8 million in 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +17.3% for 2023 compared to 2022  to €513.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €4.84 basic and €4.83 diluted in 2023  compared to €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022. This increase reflects the strong results and a lower number of shares over 2023 compared to 2022.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.3% to €584.7 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +5.9% in 2023  at €5.51 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.21 per share in 2022. This increase reflects Euronext’s strong performance and a lower number of outstanding shares over 2023 due to Euronext’s share repurchase programme.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €826.1 million  compared to €616.5 million in 2022  resulting from higher profit before tax  lower income tax and positive changes in working capital. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 90.9% of EBITDA in 2023.2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Listing revenue 220.6 218.4 +1.0% Equity 105.1 108.5 -3.1% o/w Annual fees 69.0 68.4 +0.8% o/w Follow-ons 20.8 20.8 -0.1% o/w IPOs 15.4 19.3 -20.3% Debts 36.0 36.6 -1.6% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 23.3 22.7 +2.9% Corporate Services 45.4 39.5 +14.9% ELITE and Other 10.8 11.1 -2.9%Listing revenue was €220.6 million in 2023  an increase of +1.0% compared to 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than offsetting the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.Money raised (€m) FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Equity listings 2 480 3 751 -34% Follow-ons 21 101 28 666 -26% Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20% Listed securities FY 2023 FY 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 64 83 -23% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +3% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +4%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging context with 64 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe in 2023. Equity listing revenue was solid at €105.1 million  primarily supported by revenue from higher annual fees revenue and several large follow-on transactions.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +14.9% compared to 2022 to €45.4 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products more than offsetting lower webcast activities.Debt listing activity was solid with revenue at €36.0 million  reflecting a better second half of 2023 with a more stable debt market and higher interest rate. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing with 494 new ESG bonds listed over the year  an increase of over 20% from 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.2% compared to 2022.Trading Cash tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 265.4 301.7 -12.0% ADV Cash market8 (€m) 10 053 11 667 -13.8%Cash trading revenue decreased by -12.0% to €265.4 million in 2023  reflecting the strong comparison base for cash trading in the first semester  partly offset by the positive impact of the migration of cash markets to Optiq® and efficient market share and revenue capture.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash equity trading averaged 65.1%  well above the indicated floor of at least 63%. Euronext average cash trading yield was 0.52 bps for the whole year  in line with the guidance despite the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana’s fee scheme prior to the Optiq® migration on 27 March 2023. Post migration of the Italian markets to Optiq®  the yield over the last 9 months of 2023 averaged 0.53 bps  above the indicated floor.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -12.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Derivatives tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 54.2 58.4 -7.2% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 619 244 695 410 -11.0% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 528 368 616 092 -14.2% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 90 876 79 318 +14.6%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -7.2% to €54.2 million in 2023  as a result of the low volatility environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the strong performance of the commodities franchise.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading increased to €0.34 per lot in 2023  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering and a positive mix impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -7.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Fixed income tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 107.4 93.0 +15.6% o/w MTS Cash 67.1 59.5 +12.7% o/w MTS Repo 25.2 21.6 +17.1% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 436 039 353 700 +23.3% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 266 939 +34.8%Fixed income trading reported record revenue at €107.4 million in 2023  up +15.6% compared to 2022  reflecting a strong performance across the offering in a supportive economic environment. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +15.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.FX tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 25.6 28.4 -10.0% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 22 450 22 507 -0.3%FX trading revenues were at €25.6 million in 2023  down -10.0% compared to a record performance in 2022. This decrease reflects the lower volatility in the first three quarters of the year and negative FX impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -7.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.Power tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 37.4 32.7 +14.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Power trading reported record revenue at €37.4 million in 2023  representing a strong growth of +14.5% compared to 2022  driven by a strong increase in intraday volumes and continued geographic expansion. This performance more than offsets the negative impact of the NOK.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +29.3% compared to 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported record revenue at €11.4 million revenue in 2023  representing a +18.5% increase compared to 2022  resulting from successful organic growth of the product portfolio.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +21.1% compared to 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million in 2023  up +6.0% from 2022  driven by the strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.2% compared to 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 370.2 364.2 +1.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 71.8 75.8 -5.3% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 49.5 45.6 +8.7% Net treasury income through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) +1049.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 248.9 243.1 +2.4%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 83 486 969 84 125 615 -0.8% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 27 17725 675+5.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 13 732 5289 295 452+47.7% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 25 244 66927 103 615-6.9%Clearing revenue was stable at €121.3 million in 2023  reflecting the positive impact of the Euronext Clearing European expansion for equities in November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing. This performance offsets softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes and lower treasury income received from LCH SA.In 2023  Euronext Clearing revenue included €5.6 million from derivatives clearing  €16.6 million from equities clearing  and €13.6 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was stable compared to 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income was €46.7 million in 2023. As a reminder  2022 net treasury income was impacted by the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio  which resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss in 2022  net treasury income was up +6.0% in 2023 compared to 2022  reflecting the implementation of the new investment strategy for Euronext Clearing.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity FY 2023 FY 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 123 587 470126 315 368-2.2%Assets under Custody (in € bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €248.9 million in 2023  up +2.4% compared to 2022  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This performance offset the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +5.5% compared to 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €109.9 million in 2023  up +9.8% from 2022  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of the colocation activity following the Core Data Centre migration to Bergamo.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +8.8% compared to 2022.Q4 2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 374.1 347.0 +7.8% +9.1% Listing 56.2 53.5 +5.0% +6.9% Trading revenue  of which 124.5 116.3 +7.1% +8.5% Cash trading 64.1 65.1 -1.6% -1.6% Derivatives trading 12.8 13.4 -4.4% -4.3% Fixed income trading 30.6 22.1 +38.0% +39.2% FX trading 6.7 6.7 -0.5% +4.8% Power trading 10.4 8.9 +16.9% +30.8% Investor Services 3.0 2.6 +15.7% +16.6% Advanced Data Services 56.1 54.5 +3.0% +3.2% Post-Trade  of which 94.6 88.6 +6.8% +8.9% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% +11.5% Custody and Settlement 62.3 59.6 +4.6% +8.9% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 27.6 26.9 +2.6% +1.8% NTI through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% +171.4% Other income 0.5 0.3 +61.2% +59.7% Transitional revenues (0.0) 0.1 Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (157.8) (159.2) -0.9% +1.9% Adjusted EBITDA 216.3 187.9 +15.2% +14.8% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.8% 54.1% +3.7pts +2.9pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (173.3) (170.2) +1.9% +4.6% EBITDA 200.8 176.9 +13.6% +13.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (45.6) (42.6) +7.0% +4.1% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (218.9) (212.8) +2.9% +5.4% Adjusted operating profit 196.3 168.4 +16.6% +16.0% Operating Profit 155.2 134.2 +15.6% Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (6.0) +177.8% Results from equity investments 17.0 12.6 +35.1% Profit before income tax 176.9 140.8 +25.7% Income tax expense (40.0) (38.5) +4.0% Share of non-controlling interests (6.4) (3.0) +109.0% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 130.6 99.3 +31.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders9 148.2 118.2 +25.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.42 1.11 +27.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 1.25 0.93 +34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.41 1.10 +27.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 1.24 0.93 +34.1%Share count differs between the two periodsQ4 2023 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2023  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €374.1 million  up +7.8% compared to Q4 2022  driven by record performance in fixed income trading  robust results in non-volume related businesses and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income was up +9.1% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €373.7 million.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2023  stable compared to Q4 2022  reflecting continued strong performance of non-volume-related revenue and strong growth in fixed income trading and volume-related clearing activity. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 141% in Q4 2023  compared to 130% in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -0.9% to €157.8 million  reflecting cost discipline in an inflationary environment  the positive impact from the NOK depreciation over the year and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting mainly the NOK impact.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €216.3 million  up +15.2% compared to Q4 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.8%  up +3.7 points compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2023 was up +14.8%  to €219.2 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.7%  up +2.9 points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €45.6 million in Q4 2023  +7.0% more than in Q4 2022 due to ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.4 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €196.3 million  up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +16.0% compared to Q4 2022  at €199.2 million.€41.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2023  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q4 2023 was €4.7 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.0 million in Q4 2022. This decrease results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates  offsetting the cost of debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €17.0 million in Q4 2023  representing the capital gain related to the disposal of the stake in Tokeny and the dividend received from Sicovam. As a reminder  in Q4 2022  Euronext reported €12.6 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2023 was €40.0 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 22.6% for the quarter  reflecting the positive impact of the tax-exempted one-off capital gain from the disposal of the Tokeny stake (Q4 2022: €38.5 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €6.4 million in Q4 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +31.5% for Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €130.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.25 basic and €1.24 diluted in Q4 2023  compared to €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +25.3% to €148.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +27.9% in Q4 2023  at €1.42 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.11 per share in Q4 2022. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the fourth quarter of 2022.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In Q4 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €194.5 million  compared to a negative cash flow of €147.1 million in Q4 2022  reflecting lower negative changes in working capital from short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 87.4% of EBITDA in Q4 2023.Q4 2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Listing revenue 56.2 53.5 +5.0% Equity 26.6 27.0 -1.2% o/w Annual fees 17.1 16.7 +2.4% o/w Follow-ons 5.8 6.3 -8.2% o/w IPOs 3.7 4.0 -5.8% Debts 9.1 9.0 +1.4% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.9 5.8 +2.0% Corporate Services 12.3 9.6 +28.8% ELITE and Other 2.2 2.2 -0.7%Listing revenue was €56.2 million in Q4 2023  an increase of +5.0% compared to Q4 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.9% compared to Q4 2022.Money raised (€m) Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Equity listings 247 310 -21% Follow-ons 6 875 10 237 -33% Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28%Listed securities Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 13 24 -46% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +2.8% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +3.9%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging environment with 13 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe with 50% of European listings. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million  primarily supported by higher annual fees revenue.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +28.8% compared to Q4 2022 to €12.3 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products and strong conference activities in Milan.Debt listing activity was strong with revenue at €9.1 million  supported by banking and corporate debt listing activities. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing and pursued its momentum in ESG bond listing with 123 new ESG bonds listed over the quarter.Trading Cash tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 64.1 65.1 -1.6% ADV Cash market10 (€m) 9 558 9 967 -4.1%Cash trading revenue decreased by -1.6% to €64.1 million in Q4 2023  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by efficient management of market share and revenue capture.Over the fourth quarter of 2023  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  above the floor of at least 0.52 bps  supported by the migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq® and the continued low volume environment. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.2% in Q4 2023  above the 2023 floor of at least 63%. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -1.6%.Derivatives tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 12.8 13.4 -4.4% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 894 622 975 -3.9% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 506 716 550 517 -8.0% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 92 178 72 457 +27.2%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -4.4% to €12.8 million in Q4 2023  due to the soft volume environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the continued strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -4.3% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022.Fixed income tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 30.6 22.1 +38.0% o/w MTS Cash 19.6 12.8 +52.5% o/w MTS Repo 6.3 5.6 +13.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 469 134 397 003 +18.2% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 504 1 177 +27.9%Fixed income recorded record revenue at €30.6 million in Q4 2023  up +38.0% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting record quarterly volumes at MTS driven by an economic environment favouring money markets and supportive volatility.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +39.2% compared to Q4 2022.FX tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 6.7 6.7 -0.5% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FX trading revenue was stable at €6.7 million in Q4 2023 as higher volumes were offset by FX impact .On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +4.8% compared to Q4 2022.Power tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 10.4 8.9 +16.9% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.25 0.13 +89.1%Power trading revenue reached a record level at €10.4 million in Q4 2023  up +16.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting all-time-high in intraday volumes and strong day-ahead volumes.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +30.8% compared to Q4 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €3.0 million revenue in Q4 2023  representing a +15.7% increase compared to Q4 2022  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €56.1 million in Q4 2023  up +3.0% from Q4 2022  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +3.2% compared to Q4 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 94.6 88.6 +6.8% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 17.8 18.7 -4.8% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 14.6 10.4 +40.2% Net treasury income through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 62.3 59.6 +4.6%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 30 675 375 17 079 703 +79.6% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 7 1186 364+11.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 3 888 8983 136 562+24.0% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 5 691 3386 043 292-5.8%Clearing revenue was up +11.5% to €32.3 million in Q4 2023  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023 and to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023  as well as dynamic bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.2 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +11.5% compared to Q4 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income (NTI) amounted to €11.7 million in Q4 2023  slightly below Q3 2023 levels due to the introduction of the VaR-based margin methodology at Euronext Clearing. The +171.4% increase compared to Q4 2022 reflects the positive comparison base linked to the Euronext Clearing portfolio disposal between Q2 2022 and Q4 2023.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 30 507 967 29 285 554 +4.2% Assets under Custody (in €bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €62.3 million in Q4 2023  up +4.6% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting higher assets under custody  a growing number of settlement instructions and continued growth of the services offering  absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +8.9% compared to Q4 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €27.6 million in Q4 2023  up +2.6% from Q4 2022  driven by continued good performance of the colocation business following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets over 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +1.8% compared to Q4 2022.Q4 2023 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2023 results on 8 November 2023Successful expansion of Euronext Clearing as pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash marketsFollowing the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext successfully expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. This major step paves the way for the expansion of Euronext Clearing activities to Euronext’s listed and commodity derivatives in Q3 2024.Disposal of minority investment in TokenyAs part of its ongoing review of strategic assets  Euronext has disposed of its minority investment in Tokeny  a tokenisation platform on 1 December 2023. Euronext’s 18.93% stake in Tokeny was sold to the global fund administration company Apex.This sale generated a €11.4 million capital gain in Q4 2023.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2024Euronext completes €200 million share repurchase programmeOn 3 January 2024  Euronext announced the completion of its share repurchase programme announced on 27 July 2023. Between 31 July 2023 and 3 January 2024  2 870 787 shares  or approximately 2.7% of Euronext’s share capital  were repurchased at an average price of €69.67 per share. All shares repurchased as part of the programme will be cancelled.This repurchase programme was executed by a financial intermediary in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and based on the authority granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 17 May 2023.Euronext volumes January 2024In January 2024  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 373 million  down -5.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 576 875 lots  down -7.8% compared to January 2023  and the open interest was 22 074 323 contracts at the end of January 2024  up +1.2% compared to January 2023.The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $24.9 billion  up +26.9% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +67.2% to €32.3 billion in January 2024  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €483 767 million  up +16.5% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 19 411 073 shares in January 2024  +233.4% compared to January 2023. €2 708 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +17.2% compared to the same period in 2023. 1 309 166 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +16.8% compared to January 2023. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -23.5% compared to January 2023  at 1 888 243 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 354 917 settlement instructions in January 2024  +2.1% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.6 trillion in January 2024  up +5.3%.2024 Investor DayEuronext confirms it will hold an Investor Day in November 2024 to release its new strategic plan. The exact date and location will be announced in due course.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 16 February 2024  at 09:30 CET (Paris time) / 08:30 GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2023 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2023 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2023 Q4 2022 FY 2023 FY 2022 Net income reported 130.6 99.3 513.6 437.8 EPS reported 1.25 0.93 4.84 4.10 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (15.5) (11.0) (78.3) (27.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (25.6) (23.1) (95.9) (91.4) of which Net financing expense (0.0) 3.1 (0.2) 2.3 of which results from equity investments 11.4 (0.0) 53.0 (1.5) of which Minority interest 1.1 3.9 4.1 4.6 Tax related to adjustments 11.1 8.2 46.2 44.7 Adjusted net income 148.2 118.2 584.7 555.3 Adjusted EPS 1.42 1.11 5.51 5.21The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2023 Q4 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 374.1 0.0 374.1 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 Listing 56.2 - 56.2 53.5 - 53.5 Trading revenue  of which 124.5 - 124.5 116.3 - 116.3 Cash trading 64.1 - 64.1 65.1 - 65.1 Derivatives trading 12.8 - 12.8 13.4 - 13.4 Fixed income trading 30.6 - 30.6 22.1 - 22.1 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.7 - 6.7 Power trading 10.4 - 10.4 8.9 - 8.9 Investor services 3.0 - 3.0 2.6 - 2.6 Advanced data services 56.1 - 56.1 54.5 - 54.5 Post-Trade  of which 94.6 - 94.6 88.6 - 88.6 Clearing 32.3 - 32.3 29.0 - 29.0 Custody & Settlement and other 62.3 - 62.3 59.6 - 59.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 27.6 - 27.6 26.9 0.0 26.9 Net Financing Income through CCP business 11.7 - 11.7 4.3 - 4.3 Other income 0.5 0.0 0.5 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 Transitional revenues (0.0) - (0.0) 0.1 (0.0) 0.1 Operating expenses excluding D&A (157.8) (15.5) (173.3) (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) Salaries and employee benefits (85.6) (7.8) (93.3) (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) Other operational expenses  of which (72.2) (7.8) (80.0) (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) System & communication (23.1) (2.0) (25.1) (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) Professional services (12.8) (4.7) (17.5) (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.8) - (8.8) Accommodation (6.0) (0.2) (6.2) (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) Other operational expenses (21.5) (0.9) (22.3) (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) EBITDA 216.3 (15.5) 200.8 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 EBITDA margin 57.8% 53.7% 54.1% 51.0% Depreciation & amortisation (20.0) (25.6) (45.6) (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) Total expenses (177.8) (41.1) (218.9) (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) Operating profit 196.3 (41.1) 155.2 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (0.0) 4.7 (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) Results from equity investment 5.6 11.4 17.0 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 Profit before income tax 206.6 (29.7) 176.9 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 Income tax expense (51.0) 11.1 (40.0) (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) Non-controlling interests (7.4) 1.1 (6.4) (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 148.2 (17.6) 130.6 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 EPS (basic  in €) 1.42 1.25 1.11 0.93 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.41 1.24 1.10 0.93FY 2023 FY 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 474.7 0.0 1 474.7 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 Listing 220.6 - 220.6 218.4 - 218.4 Trading revenue  of which 490.0 - 490.0 514.1 - 514.1 Cash trading 265.4 - 265.4 301.7 - 301.7 Derivatives trading 54.2 - 54.2 58.4 - 58.4 Fixed income trading 107.4 - 107.4 93.0 - 93.0 FX trading 25.6 - 25.6 28.4 - 28.4 Power trading 37.4 - 37.4 32.7 - 32.7 Investor services 11.4 - 11.4 9.6 - 9.6 Advanced data services 224.8 - 224.8 212.1 - 212.1 Post-Trade  of which 370.2 - 370.2 364.5 - 364.5 Clearing 121.3 - 121.3 121.4 - 121.4 Custody & Settlement and other 248.9 - 248.9 243.1 - 243.1 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 109.9 0.0 109.9 100.1 0.0 100.1 Net Financing Income through CCP business 46.7 - 46.7 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) Other income 1.4 0.0 1.4 1.5 0.0 1.5 Transitional revenues (0.2) - (0.2) 3.4 0.0 3.4 Operating expenses excluding D&A (610.0) (78.3) (688.3) (606.1) (27.2) (633.4) Salaries and employee benefits (319.5) (12.9) (332.4) (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) Other operational expenses  of which (290.6) (65.4) (355.9) (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) System & communication (94.9) (7.8) (102.6) (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) Professional services (58.3) (18.2) (76.5) (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) Clearing expense (34.5) - (34.5) (35.6) - (35.6) Accommodation (17.9) (0.8) (18.7) (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) Other operational expenses (85.0) (38.6) (123.6) (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) EBITDA 864.7 (78.3) 786.4 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 EBITDA margin 58.6% 53.3% 58.7% 55.4% Depreciation & amortisation (74.2) (95.9) (170.1) (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) Total expenses (684.3) (174.2) (858.5) (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) Operating profit 790.4 (174.2) 616.2 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 Net financing income / (expense) 0.1 (0.2) (0.2) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) Results from equity investment 30.0 53.0 83.1 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 Profit before income tax 820.5 (121.4) 699.1 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 Income tax expense (208.9) 46.2 (162.7) (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) Non-controlling interests (26.9) 4.1 (22.8) (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 (71.1) 513.6 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 EPS (basic  in €) 5.51 4.84 5.21 4.10 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.50 4.83 5.19 4.10Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit for the period 136.9 102.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1.9) (3.1) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.5 0.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.5 21.4 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.2) (6.1) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 7.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.8) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (4.1) 1.0 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.5 (0.1) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (4.8) 20.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 132.1 122.7 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 125.6 119.8 – Non-controlling interests 6.5 22.9The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2023 FY 2022 Profit for the period 536.4 450.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (57.8) (29.4) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 6.3 2.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.1 (40.3) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.0) (2.4) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 11.9 42.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (3.1) (8.5) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.4) 11.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.1 (1.3) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (38.9) 23.7 Total comprehensive income for the period 497.5 474.4 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 475.7 462.0 – Non-controlling interests 21.8 12.4Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 114.4 109.4 Right-of-use assets 55.7 42.3 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 108.2 6 205.8 Deferred income tax assets 31.3 18.9 Investments in associates and joint ventures 1.3 72.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 262.7 278.2 Other non-current assets 4.5 3.7 Total non-current assets 6 578.0 6 730.3 Current assets Trade and other receivables 333.6 345.7 Income tax receivable 58.6 54.9 CCP clearing business assets 183 715.2 166 842.5 Other current financial assets 103.1 162.7 Cash & cash equivalents 1 448.8 1 001.1 Total current assets 185 659.3 168 407.0 Total assets 192 237.3 175 137.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 945.7 3 914.0 Non-controlling interests 139.7 126.3 Total Equity 4 085.3 4 040.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 031.6 3 027.2 Lease liabilities 37.3 21.6 Deferred income tax liabilities 531.9 552.6 Post-employment benefits 22.7 19.6 Contract liabilities 60.0 63.8 Other provisions 7.3 7.0 Total Non-current liabilities 3 690.8 3 691.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.3 17.4 Lease liabilities 22.2 28.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 183 832.2 166 858.7 Income tax payable 89.1 28.5 Trade and other payables 415.8 396.3 Contract liabilities 79.3 75.2 Other provisions 5.2 0.7 Total Current liabilities 184 461.1 167 405.2 Total equity and liabilities 192 237.3 175 137.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million FY 2023 FY 2022 Profit before tax 699.1 614.2 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 170.1 160.2 - Share based payments 14.4 14.0 - Results from equity investments (23.5) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (53.0) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (6.5) (8.8) - Changes in working capital 155.5 67.4 Cash flow from operating activities 956.1 837.1 Income tax paid (130.0) (220.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 826.1 616.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (66.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary (0.2) 8.7 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (1.3) - Proceeds from sale of associate 122.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI 0.2 - Purchase of current financial assets (72.3) (30.6) Redemption of current financial assets 155.5 42.9 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (27.7) (31.9) Purchase of intangible assets (75.3) (67.7) Interest received 25.3 5.9 Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 23.5 9.8 Dividends received from associates 7.8 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities 155.4 (122.6) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (28.7) (29.6) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments - (8.9) Payment of lease liabilities (28.4) (23.4) Acquisitions of own shares (219.1) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (1.0) (3.5) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (237.2) (206.0) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.3) (10.9) Net cash flow from financing activities (519.7) (282.4) Total cash flow over the period 461.8 211.5 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 001.1 809.4 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (14.1) (19.9) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital and provisions'. As per 2023  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital and provisions' that was originally reported at €+57.5 million in 2022.in € million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit before tax 176.9 140.8 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 45.6 42.6 - Share based payments 3.9 4.2 - Results from equity investments (5.6) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (11.4) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures - (2.8) - Changes in working capital 44.1 (245.1) Cash flow from operating activities 253.5 (70.1) Income tax paid (59.1) (77.0) Net cash flows from operating activities 194.5 (147.1) Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (54.3) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary - 7.8 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI - - Proceeds from sale of associate 11.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI - - Purchase of current financial assets (3.7) 1.8 Redemption of current financial assets 71.4 0.6 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (12.0) (10.8) Purchase of intangible assets (17.5) (20.0) Interest received 12.0 - Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments 5.6 9.8 Dividends received from associates - 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities 64.6 (65.7) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid - (0.3) Payment of lease liabilities (7.2) (4.5) Acquisitions of own shares (138.0) 1.0 Employee Share transactions - (0.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders - - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (1.4) (5.4) Net cash flow from financing activities (146.5) (9.3) Total cash flow over the period 112.6 (222.1) Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 336.5 1 215.0 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (0.2) 8.2 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital’. As per Q4-23  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital' that was originally reported at €-254.9 million in Q4-22.Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023Cash marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 %var Number of trading days 63 64 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 145 907 592 178 716 514 -18.4% ADV Cash Market 2 315 994 2 792 446 -17.1% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 602 148 637 875 -5.6% ADV Cash Market 9 558 9 967 -4.1% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 -2.1% SMEs 1 493 1 530 -2.4% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 -16.8% ETFs 3 821 3 717 +2.8% Bonds 55 098 53 042 +3.9% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 13 24 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 246.5 310 -20.5% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 6 875 10 237 -32.8% Money Raised - Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28.0% Total Money Raised 297 637 237 446 +25.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 12 23 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 247 306 -19.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 683 4 090 +14.5% Money Raised - Bonds 1 921 240 +700.5% Total Money Raised 6 851 4 636 +47.8%YTD 2023 YTD 2022 %var Number of trading days 255 257 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 625 895 770 866 298 108 -27.8% ADV Cash Market 2 454 493 3 370 810 -27.2% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 2 563 560 2 998 503 -14.5% ADV Cash Market 10 053 11 667 -13.8% Listings Dec-23 Dec-22 Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 ETFs 3 821 3 717 Bonds 55 098 53 042 Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 64 83 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 480.2 3 751 -33.9% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 21 101 28 666 -26.4% Money Raised - Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20.2% Total Money Raised 1 179 608 994 274 +18.6% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 59 77 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 1 275 2 973 -57.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 100 9 589 +5.3% Money Raised - Bonds 4 160 2 336 +78.1% Total Money Raised 15 535 14 898 +4.3%Fixed income marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo 469 134 397 003 +18.2% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 504 1 177 +27.9%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo 436 039 353 700 +23.3% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 266 939 +34.8%FX marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 64 65 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 532 340 1 310 383 +16.9% ADV Euronext FX 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 259 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 814 512 5 851 899 -0.6% ADV Euronext FX 22 450 22 507 -0.3%Power marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.25 0.13 +89.1%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Derivatives marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 63 64 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 31 923 088 35 233 108 -9.4% Index 13 517 515 16 033 772 -15.7% Futures 7 914 354 9 885 622 -19.9% Options 5 603 161 6 148 150 -8.9% Individual Equity 18 405 573 19 199 336 -4.1% Futures 498 969 927 921 -46.2% Options 17 906 604 18 271 415 -2.0% Commodity 5 807 238 4 637 260 +25.2% Futures 5 478 945 4 216 545 +29.9% Options 328 293 420 715 -22.0% Total Euronext 37 730 326 39 870 368 -5.4% Total Futures 13 892 268 15 030 088 -7.6% Total Options 23 838 058 24 840 280 -4.0% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 506 716 550 517 -8.0% Index 214 564 250 528 -14.4% Futures 125 625 154 463 -18.7% Options 88 939 96 065 -7.4% Individual Equity 292 152 299 990 -2.6% Futures 7 920 14 499 -45.4% Options 284 232 285 491 -0.4% Commodity 92 178 72 457 +27.2% Futures 86 967 65 884 +32.0% Options 5 211 6 574 -20.7% Total Euronext 598 894 622 975 -3.9% Total Futures 220 512 234 845 -17.0% Total Options 378 382 388 129 -7.0%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 255 257 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 134 733 803 158 335 700 -14.9% Index 55 863 644 64 341 758 -13.2% Futures 34 664 423 43 007 940 -19.4% Options 21 199 221 21 333 818 -0.6% Individual Equity 78 870 159 93 993 942 -16.1% Futures 1 955 140 9 288 011 -78.9% Options 76 915 019 84 705 931 -9.2% Commodity 23 173 370 20 384 703 +13.7% Futures 21 113 163 17 825 764 +18.4% Options 2 060 207 2 558 939 -19.5% Total Euronext 157 907 173 178 720 403 -11.6% Total Futures 57 732 726 70 121 715 -17.7% Total Options 100 174 447 108 598 688 -7.8% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 528 368 616 092 -14.2% Index 219 073 250 357 -12.5% Futures 135 939 167 346 -18.8% Options 83 134 83 011 +0.1% Individual Equity 309 295 365 735 -15.4% Futures 7 667 36 140 -78.8% Options 301 628 329 595 -8.5% Commodity 90 876 79 318 14.6% Futures 82 797 69 361 +19.4% Options 8 079 9 957 -18.9% Total Euronext 619 244 695 410 -11.0% Total Futures 226 403 272 847 +0.0% Total Options 392 841 422 563 +0.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2023 31 December 2022 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 18 567 344 17 957 749 3.4% Index 1 000 267 1 074 463 -6.9% Futures 517 679 539 893 -4.1% Options 482 588 534 570 -9.7% Individual Equity 17 567 077 16 883 286 4.1% Futures 153 607 225 815 -32.0% Options 17 413 470 16 657 471 4.5% Commodity 876 380 865 620 1.2% Futures 656 667 567 916 15.6% Options 219 713 297 704 -26.2% Total Euronext 19 443 724 18 823 369 3.3% Total Futures 1 327 953 1 333 624 -0.4% Total Options 18 115 771 17 489 745 3.6%1 Underlying revenue in 2022 excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.3 euronext.com/en/about/media/euronext-press-releases/euronext-publishes-q3-2023-results4 Like-for-like basis at constant currency5 Subject to regulatory approval6 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.7 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.8 Volumes for 2022 have been restated9 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.10 Volumes for Q4 2022 have been restatedAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.2,0.26,True,English,"['full year 2023 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '€26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '74 million cumulated run-rate synergies', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration', 'positive interest rates environment', '€103 million cumulated implementation costs', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', '2022 underlying net treasury income', 'Euronext Clearing European expansion', 'positive comparison base', '€70 million interim target', 'Core Data Centre', 'one-off accruals release', 'data products offering', 'Corporate Services offering', 'dynamic bond clearing', 'lower settlement volumes', 'diversified business model', '64 new equity listings', 'derivatives clearing volumes', 'volume related revenue', 'underlying operating expenses', 'negative FX impact', 'full year 2023 results', 'synergies delivery', 'softer environment', 'services business', '2022 underlying revenue', 'equity clearing', 'colocation services', 'leading venue', 'analytic products', 'derivatives trading', 'Clearing revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'Net debt', 'Settlement revenue', 'additional business', 'operational expenses', 'net income', 'continued expansion', 'softer equity', 'Strong results', '2023 interim guidance', 'fourth quarter', 'Strong performance', 'D&A', 'Technology Solutions', 'solid demand', 'constant currencies', 'debt listing', 'Listing performance', 'cash trading', 'record results', 'power trading', 'cost control', 'capital gains', 'Key figures', 'company shareholders', 'two periods', 'Great progress', 'first phase', 'fixed income', 'total revenue', 'revenue capture', 'Listing revenue', 'Trading revenue', 'l4 Revenue', 'share count', 'continued benefits', 'Adjusted EPS', '2023 costs', '2023 revenue', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Q4', '15 February', 'internalisation', 'migration', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'Custody', 'assets', 'equities', '27 November', 'end', 'income1', 'parent', 'acquisition']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36235,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2023-results-45964576/,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 results,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext publishes…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 resultsStrong results demonstrating benefits of Euronext’s diversified business model. 2023 costs better than revised guidance. €74 million cumulated run-rate synergies delivered  above the 2023 interim guidance of €70 million.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 15 February 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023.Full year 2023 revenue and income 1 was up +3.9% at €1 474.7 million (+0.5% compared to 2022 underlying revenue and income): Strong performance of non-volume related revenue representing 60% of total revenue 2 and income (vs. 57% in 2022) and covering 145% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 2 (vs. 133% in 2022): Technology Solutions reported €109.9 million of revenue (+9.8%)  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of colocation services following the migration of the Core Data Centre to Bergamo  Italy; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million (+6.0%)  driven by a strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products; Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €248.9 million (+2.4%)  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This was partly offset by lower settlement volumes and the negative FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +5.5%; Listing revenue grew to €220.6 million (+1.0%)  thanks to the continued expansion of the Corporate Services offering. In 2023  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 64 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Listing performance was negatively impacted by FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +3.2%.Clearing revenue was stable year-on-year at €121.3 million  thanks to the additional business captured by Euronext Clearing following its expansion for equities on 27 November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing  that offset softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €46.7 million (+6.0% compared to 2022 underlying net treasury income 1 ).). Trading revenue was €490.0 million (-4.7%)  reflecting the softer environment for cash trading (€265.4 million  -12.0%) and derivatives trading (€54.2 million  -7.2%) offset by record results in fixed income (€107.4 million  +15.6%) and power trading (€37.4 million  +14.5%).Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 2 were €610.0 million (+0.6%)   better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million 3 due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million.  better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. Adjusted EBITDA 2 was €864.7 million (+0.4%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.6% (-0.1 pts).Adjusted net income 2 was €584.7 million (+5.3%) and adjusted EPS was €5.51 (+5.9%).Reported net income was €513.6 million (+17.3%)  reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022.reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022. Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.0x at the end of 2023 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 1.9x .. Key figures for full year 2023:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 % var % var l-f-l4 Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income1 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Great progress with Borsa Italiana Group integration leads to accelerated synergies delivery: €74 million of cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were achieved at end of 2023  above the €70 million interim target. €26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were delivered in Q4 2023  mainly related to the first phase of the Euronext Clearing European expansion to equity clearing. €103 million cumulated implementation costs were incurred since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  of which €8 million were incurred during Q4 2023 . Euronext successfully expanded Euronext Clearing as the pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash markets. Following the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. Euronext Clearing now clears equities  ETFs  structured products  warrants  and bonds across six Euronext markets. The implementation of harmonised clearing allows market participants to streamline their entire trade lifecycle within Euronext and to leverage on Euronext Securities to access T2S. Euronext is well on track for the delivery of the last major milestones of the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan in 2024. The migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq ® in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed financial and commodities derivatives by Q3 2024 will significantly contribute to reaching the targeted €115 million synergies by end of 2024.Dividend proposal:A dividend of €256.8 million will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2024. This represents 50% of 2023 reported net income  in line with Euronext’s dividend policy. Based on the number of outstanding shares at the end of 2023  this represents a dividend of €2.48 per share  up +11.7% compared to 2022.Cost guidance for 2024:In 2023  underlying expenses excluding D&A were positively impacted by a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million and by a positive impact of €11.4 million from the NOK depreciation. Consequently  Euronext reported €610.0 million underlying expenses excluding D&A in 2023  compared to an initial guidance of €630 million.In 2024  Euronext will continue its costs control policy and expects that savings and synergies will offset inflation and 2023 costs ramp-up. As a result  Euronext expects its 2024 underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €625 million  including around €10 million to finance growth projects and excluding potential impact from FX over the year.Continued innovation in trading with the launch of Euronext Mid-Point MatchFollowing the successful opening of the test environment for Euronext’s new dark trading facility at the end of January 2024  Euronext confirms the launch of Dark  Mid-Point and Sweep functionalities in Q1 20245. The whole Euronext ecosystem of trading members  local brokers  market makers and global banks  will benefit from zero latency in pegging to Euronext midpoint  and zero latency for sweeping from dark to lit on Euronext stocks.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2023  Euronext reached record revenue and income close to €1.5 billion. Robust organic growth in our non-volume related businesses and double-digit growth in fixed income and power trading drove Group revenue's growth to +3.9%  despite negative FX impacts and the softer cash trading environment. Despite an inflationary environment  Euronext was able to finance growth projects and to beat its revised cost guidance. This was allowed by our trademark cost discipline  FX impacts and a one-off release. We reached an adjusted EBITDA of €864.7 million  which translated into an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%. Our strong operating performance  combined with around €56 million of capital gains  allowed our net reported profit to grow double-digit to €513.6 million  and our adjusted EPS to increase by +5.9% to €5.51. In line with our dividend policy  we will propose a total dividend of €256.8 million  representing 50% of our reported net income  at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2024. Our strong cash generation capabilities have enabled us to already return €200 million of capital to our shareholders through the share repurchase programme implemented during the second half of 2023. We continued our deleveraging path as we reached a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9x at the end of 2023  down from 3.2x post acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.We have made great progress with the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. We have expanded Euronext Clearing as a pan-European clearing house for the clearing of cash products. This new harmonised post-trade set-up allows clients to execute their entire trading lifecycle through Euronext.These strategic milestones have materially contributed to the €74 million cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies delivered by the end of 2023  ahead of the €70 million interim guidance.The migration of Borsa Italiana’s derivatives to Optiq in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed derivatives by Q3 2024 will complete our presence on the entire trading value chain and will position Euronext ideally to capture future growth opportunities.As we celebrate the 10 year anniversary of our IPO in 2024  I am looking forward to deep-dive into the opportunities that this transformation will offer for Euronext in the coming years at our Investors Day in November 2024.”2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2023 FY 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income6 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Listing 220.6 218.4 +1.0% +3.2% Trading revenue  of which 490.0 514.1 -4.7% -3.8% Cash trading 265.4 301.7 -12.0% -12.0% Derivatives trading 54.2 58.4 -7.2% -7.0% Fixed income trading 107.4 93.0 +15.6% +15.8% FX trading 25.6 28.4 -10.0% -7.8% Power trading 37.4 32.7 +14.5% +29.3% Investor Services 11.4 9.6 +18.5% +21.1% Advanced Data Services 224.8 212.1 +6.0% +6.2% Post-Trade  of which 370.2 364.5 +1.6% +3.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% -0.1% Custody and Settlement 248.9 243.1 +2.4% +5.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 109.9 100.1 +9.8% +8.8% NTI through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) -1049.8% +6.0% Other income 1.4 1.5 -9.0% -8.9% Transitional revenues (0.2) 3.4 -106.5% -106.5% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (688.3) (633.4) +8.7% +3.3% EBITDA 786.4 785.4 +0.1% +0.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (170.1) (160.2) +6.2% +8.9% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (858.5) (793.6) +8.2% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 790.4 792.8 -0.3% -0.3% Operating Profit 616.2 625.3 -1.4% Net financing income / (expense) (0.2) (29.7) -99.4% Results from equity investments 83.1 18.7 +344.7% Profit before income tax 699.1 614.2 +13.8% Income tax expense (162.7) (163.6) -0.6% Share of non-controlling interests (22.8) (12.8) +78.3% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders7 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Share count differs between the two periods2023 revenue and incomeIn 2023  Euronext’s underlying revenue and income was €1 474.7 million  up +0.5% compared to 2022  resulting from strong performance of non-volume related activities  offsetting the softer cash trading environment and negative impact from the NOK depreciation over the year. 2023 total revenue and income was up +3.9%  reflecting the Q3 2022 one-off loss in net treasury income related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio1.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was up +1.6% in 2023  at €1 469.7 million  compared to 2022.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of underlying Group revenue in 2023  up +9.7% compared to 2022 underlying non-volume related revenue  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and the challenging environment for cash and derivatives trading. Non-volume-related underlying revenue covered 145% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A  compared to 133% in 2022.2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly to €610.0 million  up +0.6%. 2023 underlying expenses were positively impacted by cost discipline  the NOK depreciation over the year and a positive one-off accruals release in Q4 2023 of €6.3 million. This entirely offset inflationary pressures and costs incurred to support new growth initiatives.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +3.3% compared to 2022  which highlights the positive impact of the NOK on the 2023 reported cost base.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the year totalled €864.7 million  up +0.4% compared to 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%  stable compared to 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2023 was up +0.4%  to €874.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 59.5%  down -0.7 points compared to 2022.2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €170.1 million in 2023  up +6.2%  resulting from ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €82.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.2023 adjusted operating profit was €790.4 million  down -0.3% compared to 2022 adjusted operating profit.€174.2 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2023 was €0.2 million compared to a net financing expense of €29.7 million in 2022. This decrease resulted from the higher interest income from cash held in Q3 and Q4 2023  offsetting the cost of issued debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €83.1 million in 2023  resulting from the €41.6 million tax-exempted non-underlying capital gain in relation to the disposal of Euronext’s stake in LCH SA and the €11.4 million tax-exempted capital gain in relation to the disposal from Euronext’s investment in Tokeny  as well as the dividend received from Euroclear and Sicovam. In 2022  Euronext reported €18.7 million in results from equity investments  reflecting the dividend received from Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for 2023 was €162.7 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 23.3% for 2023  positively impacted by the tax-exempted capital gains recorded in Q3 and Q4 2023 (2022: €163.6 million and 26.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €22.8 million in 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +17.3% for 2023 compared to 2022  to €513.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €4.84 basic and €4.83 diluted in 2023  compared to €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022. This increase reflects the strong results and a lower number of shares over 2023 compared to 2022.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.3% to €584.7 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +5.9% in 2023  at €5.51 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.21 per share in 2022. This increase reflects Euronext’s strong performance and a lower number of outstanding shares over 2023 due to Euronext’s share repurchase programme.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €826.1 million  compared to €616.5 million in 2022  resulting from higher profit before tax  lower income tax and positive changes in working capital. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 90.9% of EBITDA in 2023.2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Listing revenue 220.6 218.4 +1.0% Equity 105.1 108.5 -3.1% o/w Annual fees 69.0 68.4 +0.8% o/w Follow-ons 20.8 20.8 -0.1% o/w IPOs 15.4 19.3 -20.3% Debts 36.0 36.6 -1.6% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 23.3 22.7 +2.9% Corporate Services 45.4 39.5 +14.9% ELITE and Other 10.8 11.1 -2.9%Listing revenue was €220.6 million in 2023  an increase of +1.0% compared to 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than offsetting the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.Money raised (€m) FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Equity listings 2 480 3 751 -34% Follow-ons 21 101 28 666 -26% Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20% Listed securities FY 2023 FY 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 64 83 -23% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +3% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +4%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging context with 64 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe in 2023. Equity listing revenue was solid at €105.1 million  primarily supported by revenue from higher annual fees revenue and several large follow-on transactions.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +14.9% compared to 2022 to €45.4 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products more than offsetting lower webcast activities.Debt listing activity was solid with revenue at €36.0 million  reflecting a better second half of 2023 with a more stable debt market and higher interest rate. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing with 494 new ESG bonds listed over the year  an increase of over 20% from 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.2% compared to 2022.Trading Cash tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 265.4 301.7 -12.0% ADV Cash market8 (€m) 10 053 11 667 -13.8%Cash trading revenue decreased by -12.0% to €265.4 million in 2023  reflecting the strong comparison base for cash trading in the first semester  partly offset by the positive impact of the migration of cash markets to Optiq® and efficient market share and revenue capture.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash equity trading averaged 65.1%  well above the indicated floor of at least 63%. Euronext average cash trading yield was 0.52 bps for the whole year  in line with the guidance despite the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana’s fee scheme prior to the Optiq® migration on 27 March 2023. Post migration of the Italian markets to Optiq®  the yield over the last 9 months of 2023 averaged 0.53 bps  above the indicated floor.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -12.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Derivatives tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 54.2 58.4 -7.2% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 619 244 695 410 -11.0% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 528 368 616 092 -14.2% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 90 876 79 318 +14.6%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -7.2% to €54.2 million in 2023  as a result of the low volatility environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the strong performance of the commodities franchise.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading increased to €0.34 per lot in 2023  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering and a positive mix impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -7.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Fixed income tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 107.4 93.0 +15.6% o/w MTS Cash 67.1 59.5 +12.7% o/w MTS Repo 25.2 21.6 +17.1% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 436 039 353 700 +23.3% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 266 939 +34.8%Fixed income trading reported record revenue at €107.4 million in 2023  up +15.6% compared to 2022  reflecting a strong performance across the offering in a supportive economic environment. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +15.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.FX tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 25.6 28.4 -10.0% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 22 450 22 507 -0.3%FX trading revenues were at €25.6 million in 2023  down -10.0% compared to a record performance in 2022. This decrease reflects the lower volatility in the first three quarters of the year and negative FX impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -7.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.Power tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 37.4 32.7 +14.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Power trading reported record revenue at €37.4 million in 2023  representing a strong growth of +14.5% compared to 2022  driven by a strong increase in intraday volumes and continued geographic expansion. This performance more than offsets the negative impact of the NOK.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +29.3% compared to 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported record revenue at €11.4 million revenue in 2023  representing a +18.5% increase compared to 2022  resulting from successful organic growth of the product portfolio.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +21.1% compared to 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million in 2023  up +6.0% from 2022  driven by the strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.2% compared to 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 370.2 364.2 +1.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 71.8 75.8 -5.3% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 49.5 45.6 +8.7% Net treasury income through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) +1049.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 248.9 243.1 +2.4%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 83 486 969 84 125 615 -0.8% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 27 17725 675+5.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 13 732 5289 295 452+47.7% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 25 244 66927 103 615-6.9%Clearing revenue was stable at €121.3 million in 2023  reflecting the positive impact of the Euronext Clearing European expansion for equities in November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing. This performance offsets softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes and lower treasury income received from LCH SA.In 2023  Euronext Clearing revenue included €5.6 million from derivatives clearing  €16.6 million from equities clearing  and €13.6 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was stable compared to 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income was €46.7 million in 2023. As a reminder  2022 net treasury income was impacted by the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio  which resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss in 2022  net treasury income was up +6.0% in 2023 compared to 2022  reflecting the implementation of the new investment strategy for Euronext Clearing.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity FY 2023 FY 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 123 587 470126 315 368-2.2%Assets under Custody (in € bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €248.9 million in 2023  up +2.4% compared to 2022  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This performance offset the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +5.5% compared to 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €109.9 million in 2023  up +9.8% from 2022  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of the colocation activity following the Core Data Centre migration to Bergamo.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +8.8% compared to 2022.Q4 2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 374.1 347.0 +7.8% +9.1% Listing 56.2 53.5 +5.0% +6.9% Trading revenue  of which 124.5 116.3 +7.1% +8.5% Cash trading 64.1 65.1 -1.6% -1.6% Derivatives trading 12.8 13.4 -4.4% -4.3% Fixed income trading 30.6 22.1 +38.0% +39.2% FX trading 6.7 6.7 -0.5% +4.8% Power trading 10.4 8.9 +16.9% +30.8% Investor Services 3.0 2.6 +15.7% +16.6% Advanced Data Services 56.1 54.5 +3.0% +3.2% Post-Trade  of which 94.6 88.6 +6.8% +8.9% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% +11.5% Custody and Settlement 62.3 59.6 +4.6% +8.9% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 27.6 26.9 +2.6% +1.8% NTI through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% +171.4% Other income 0.5 0.3 +61.2% +59.7% Transitional revenues (0.0) 0.1 Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (157.8) (159.2) -0.9% +1.9% Adjusted EBITDA 216.3 187.9 +15.2% +14.8% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.8% 54.1% +3.7pts +2.9pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (173.3) (170.2) +1.9% +4.6% EBITDA 200.8 176.9 +13.6% +13.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (45.6) (42.6) +7.0% +4.1% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (218.9) (212.8) +2.9% +5.4% Adjusted operating profit 196.3 168.4 +16.6% +16.0% Operating Profit 155.2 134.2 +15.6% Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (6.0) +177.8% Results from equity investments 17.0 12.6 +35.1% Profit before income tax 176.9 140.8 +25.7% Income tax expense (40.0) (38.5) +4.0% Share of non-controlling interests (6.4) (3.0) +109.0% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 130.6 99.3 +31.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders9 148.2 118.2 +25.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.42 1.11 +27.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 1.25 0.93 +34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.41 1.10 +27.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 1.24 0.93 +34.1%Share count differs between the two periodsQ4 2023 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2023  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €374.1 million  up +7.8% compared to Q4 2022  driven by record performance in fixed income trading  robust results in non-volume related businesses and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income was up +9.1% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €373.7 million.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2023  stable compared to Q4 2022  reflecting continued strong performance of non-volume-related revenue and strong growth in fixed income trading and volume-related clearing activity. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 141% in Q4 2023  compared to 130% in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -0.9% to €157.8 million  reflecting cost discipline in an inflationary environment  the positive impact from the NOK depreciation over the year and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting mainly the NOK impact.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €216.3 million  up +15.2% compared to Q4 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.8%  up +3.7 points compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2023 was up +14.8%  to €219.2 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.7%  up +2.9 points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €45.6 million in Q4 2023  +7.0% more than in Q4 2022 due to ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.4 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €196.3 million  up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +16.0% compared to Q4 2022  at €199.2 million.€41.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2023  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q4 2023 was €4.7 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.0 million in Q4 2022. This decrease results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates  offsetting the cost of debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €17.0 million in Q4 2023  representing the capital gain related to the disposal of the stake in Tokeny and the dividend received from Sicovam. As a reminder  in Q4 2022  Euronext reported €12.6 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2023 was €40.0 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 22.6% for the quarter  reflecting the positive impact of the tax-exempted one-off capital gain from the disposal of the Tokeny stake (Q4 2022: €38.5 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €6.4 million in Q4 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +31.5% for Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €130.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.25 basic and €1.24 diluted in Q4 2023  compared to €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +25.3% to €148.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +27.9% in Q4 2023  at €1.42 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.11 per share in Q4 2022. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the fourth quarter of 2022.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In Q4 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €194.5 million  compared to a negative cash flow of €147.1 million in Q4 2022  reflecting lower negative changes in working capital from short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 87.4% of EBITDA in Q4 2023.Q4 2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Listing revenue 56.2 53.5 +5.0% Equity 26.6 27.0 -1.2% o/w Annual fees 17.1 16.7 +2.4% o/w Follow-ons 5.8 6.3 -8.2% o/w IPOs 3.7 4.0 -5.8% Debts 9.1 9.0 +1.4% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.9 5.8 +2.0% Corporate Services 12.3 9.6 +28.8% ELITE and Other 2.2 2.2 -0.7%Listing revenue was €56.2 million in Q4 2023  an increase of +5.0% compared to Q4 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.9% compared to Q4 2022.Money raised (€m) Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Equity listings 247 310 -21% Follow-ons 6 875 10 237 -33% Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28%Listed securities Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 13 24 -46% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +2.8% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +3.9%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging environment with 13 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe with 50% of European listings. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million  primarily supported by higher annual fees revenue.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +28.8% compared to Q4 2022 to €12.3 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products and strong conference activities in Milan.Debt listing activity was strong with revenue at €9.1 million  supported by banking and corporate debt listing activities. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing and pursued its momentum in ESG bond listing with 123 new ESG bonds listed over the quarter.Trading Cash tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 64.1 65.1 -1.6% ADV Cash market10 (€m) 9 558 9 967 -4.1%Cash trading revenue decreased by -1.6% to €64.1 million in Q4 2023  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by efficient management of market share and revenue capture.Over the fourth quarter of 2023  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  above the floor of at least 0.52 bps  supported by the migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq® and the continued low volume environment. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.2% in Q4 2023  above the 2023 floor of at least 63%. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -1.6%.Derivatives tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 12.8 13.4 -4.4% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 894 622 975 -3.9% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 506 716 550 517 -8.0% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 92 178 72 457 +27.2%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -4.4% to €12.8 million in Q4 2023  due to the soft volume environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the continued strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -4.3% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022.Fixed income tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 30.6 22.1 +38.0% o/w MTS Cash 19.6 12.8 +52.5% o/w MTS Repo 6.3 5.6 +13.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 469 134 397 003 +18.2% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 504 1 177 +27.9%Fixed income recorded record revenue at €30.6 million in Q4 2023  up +38.0% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting record quarterly volumes at MTS driven by an economic environment favouring money markets and supportive volatility.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +39.2% compared to Q4 2022.FX tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 6.7 6.7 -0.5% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FX trading revenue was stable at €6.7 million in Q4 2023 as higher volumes were offset by FX impact .On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +4.8% compared to Q4 2022.Power tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 10.4 8.9 +16.9% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.25 0.13 +89.1%Power trading revenue reached a record level at €10.4 million in Q4 2023  up +16.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting all-time-high in intraday volumes and strong day-ahead volumes.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +30.8% compared to Q4 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €3.0 million revenue in Q4 2023  representing a +15.7% increase compared to Q4 2022  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €56.1 million in Q4 2023  up +3.0% from Q4 2022  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +3.2% compared to Q4 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 94.6 88.6 +6.8% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 17.8 18.7 -4.8% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 14.6 10.4 +40.2% Net treasury income through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 62.3 59.6 +4.6%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 30 675 375 17 079 703 +79.6% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 7 1186 364+11.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 3 888 8983 136 562+24.0% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 5 691 3386 043 292-5.8%Clearing revenue was up +11.5% to €32.3 million in Q4 2023  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023 and to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023  as well as dynamic bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.2 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +11.5% compared to Q4 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income (NTI) amounted to €11.7 million in Q4 2023  slightly below Q3 2023 levels due to the introduction of the VaR-based margin methodology at Euronext Clearing. The +171.4% increase compared to Q4 2022 reflects the positive comparison base linked to the Euronext Clearing portfolio disposal between Q2 2022 and Q4 2023.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 30 507 967 29 285 554 +4.2% Assets under Custody (in €bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €62.3 million in Q4 2023  up +4.6% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting higher assets under custody  a growing number of settlement instructions and continued growth of the services offering  absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +8.9% compared to Q4 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €27.6 million in Q4 2023  up +2.6% from Q4 2022  driven by continued good performance of the colocation business following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets over 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +1.8% compared to Q4 2022.Q4 2023 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2023 results on 8 November 2023Successful expansion of Euronext Clearing as pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash marketsFollowing the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext successfully expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. This major step paves the way for the expansion of Euronext Clearing activities to Euronext’s listed and commodity derivatives in Q3 2024.Disposal of minority investment in TokenyAs part of its ongoing review of strategic assets  Euronext has disposed of its minority investment in Tokeny  a tokenisation platform on 1 December 2023. Euronext’s 18.93% stake in Tokeny was sold to the global fund administration company Apex.This sale generated a €11.4 million capital gain in Q4 2023.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2024Euronext completes €200 million share repurchase programmeOn 3 January 2024  Euronext announced the completion of its share repurchase programme announced on 27 July 2023. Between 31 July 2023 and 3 January 2024  2 870 787 shares  or approximately 2.7% of Euronext’s share capital  were repurchased at an average price of €69.67 per share. All shares repurchased as part of the programme will be cancelled.This repurchase programme was executed by a financial intermediary in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and based on the authority granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 17 May 2023.Euronext volumes January 2024In January 2024  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 373 million  down -5.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 576 875 lots  down -7.8% compared to January 2023  and the open interest was 22 074 323 contracts at the end of January 2024  up +1.2% compared to January 2023.The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $24.9 billion  up +26.9% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +67.2% to €32.3 billion in January 2024  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €483 767 million  up +16.5% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 19 411 073 shares in January 2024  +233.4% compared to January 2023. €2 708 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +17.2% compared to the same period in 2023. 1 309 166 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +16.8% compared to January 2023. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -23.5% compared to January 2023  at 1 888 243 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 354 917 settlement instructions in January 2024  +2.1% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.6 trillion in January 2024  up +5.3%.2024 Investor DayEuronext confirms it will hold an Investor Day in November 2024 to release its new strategic plan. The exact date and location will be announced in due course.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 16 February 2024  at 09:30 CET (Paris time) / 08:30 GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 p ortugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2023 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2023 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2023 Q4 2022 FY 2023 FY 2022 Net income reported 130.6 99.3 513.6 437.8 EPS reported 1.25 0.93 4.84 4.10 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (15.5) (11.0) (78.3) (27.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (25.6) (23.1) (95.9) (91.4) of which Net financing expense (0.0) 3.1 (0.2) 2.3 of which results from equity investments 11.4 (0.0) 53.0 (1.5) of which Minority interest 1.1 3.9 4.1 4.6 Tax related to adjustments 11.1 8.2 46.2 44.7 Adjusted net income 148.2 118.2 584.7 555.3 Adjusted EPS 1.42 1.11 5.51 5.21The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2023 Q4 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 374.1 0.0 374.1 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 Listing 56.2 - 56.2 53.5 - 53.5 Trading revenue  of which 124.5 - 124.5 116.3 - 116.3 Cash trading 64.1 - 64.1 65.1 - 65.1 Derivatives trading 12.8 - 12.8 13.4 - 13.4 Fixed income trading 30.6 - 30.6 22.1 - 22.1 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.7 - 6.7 Power trading 10.4 - 10.4 8.9 - 8.9 Investor services 3.0 - 3.0 2.6 - 2.6 Advanced data services 56.1 - 56.1 54.5 - 54.5 Post-Trade  of which 94.6 - 94.6 88.6 - 88.6 Clearing 32.3 - 32.3 29.0 - 29.0 Custody & Settlement and other 62.3 - 62.3 59.6 - 59.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 27.6 - 27.6 26.9 0.0 26.9 Net Financing Income through CCP business 11.7 - 11.7 4.3 - 4.3 Other income 0.5 0.0 0.5 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 Transitional revenues (0.0) - (0.0) 0.1 (0.0) 0.1 Operating expenses excluding D&A (157.8) (15.5) (173.3) (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) Salaries and employee benefits (85.6) (7.8) (93.3) (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) Other operational expenses  of which (72.2) (7.8) (80.0) (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) System & communication (23.1) (2.0) (25.1) (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) Professional services (12.8) (4.7) (17.5) (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.8) - (8.8) Accommodation (6.0) (0.2) (6.2) (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) Other operational expenses (21.5) (0.9) (22.3) (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) EBITDA 216.3 (15.5) 200.8 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 EBITDA margin 57.8% 53.7% 54.1% 51.0% Depreciation & amortisation (20.0) (25.6) (45.6) (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) Total expenses (177.8) (41.1) (218.9) (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) Operating profit 196.3 (41.1) 155.2 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (0.0) 4.7 (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) Results from equity investment 5.6 11.4 17.0 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 Profit before income tax 206.6 (29.7) 176.9 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 Income tax expense (51.0) 11.1 (40.0) (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) Non-controlling interests (7.4) 1.1 (6.4) (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 148.2 (17.6) 130.6 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 EPS (basic  in €) 1.42 1.25 1.11 0.93 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.41 1.24 1.10 0.93FY 2023 FY 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 474.7 0.0 1 474.7 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 Listing 220.6 - 220.6 218.4 - 218.4 Trading revenue  of which 490.0 - 490.0 514.1 - 514.1 Cash trading 265.4 - 265.4 301.7 - 301.7 Derivatives trading 54.2 - 54.2 58.4 - 58.4 Fixed income trading 107.4 - 107.4 93.0 - 93.0 FX trading 25.6 - 25.6 28.4 - 28.4 Power trading 37.4 - 37.4 32.7 - 32.7 Investor services 11.4 - 11.4 9.6 - 9.6 Advanced data services 224.8 - 224.8 212.1 - 212.1 Post-Trade  of which 370.2 - 370.2 364.5 - 364.5 Clearing 121.3 - 121.3 121.4 - 121.4 Custody & Settlement and other 248.9 - 248.9 243.1 - 243.1 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 109.9 0.0 109.9 100.1 0.0 100.1 Net Financing Income through CCP business 46.7 - 46.7 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) Other income 1.4 0.0 1.4 1.5 0.0 1.5 Transitional revenues (0.2) - (0.2) 3.4 0.0 3.4 Operating expenses excluding D&A (610.0) (78.3) (688.3) (606.1) (27.2) (633.4) Salaries and employee benefits (319.5) (12.9) (332.4) (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) Other operational expenses  of which (290.6) (65.4) (355.9) (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) System & communication (94.9) (7.8) (102.6) (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) Professional services (58.3) (18.2) (76.5) (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) Clearing expense (34.5) - (34.5) (35.6) - (35.6) Accommodation (17.9) (0.8) (18.7) (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) Other operational expenses (85.0) (38.6) (123.6) (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) EBITDA 864.7 (78.3) 786.4 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 EBITDA margin 58.6% 53.3% 58.7% 55.4% Depreciation & amortisation (74.2) (95.9) (170.1) (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) Total expenses (684.3) (174.2) (858.5) (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) Operating profit 790.4 (174.2) 616.2 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 Net financing income / (expense) 0.1 (0.2) (0.2) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) Results from equity investment 30.0 53.0 83.1 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 Profit before income tax 820.5 (121.4) 699.1 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 Income tax expense (208.9) 46.2 (162.7) (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) Non-controlling interests (26.9) 4.1 (22.8) (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 (71.1) 513.6 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 EPS (basic  in €) 5.51 4.84 5.21 4.10 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.50 4.83 5.19 4.10Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit for the period 136.9 102.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1.9) (3.1) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.5 0.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.5 21.4 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.2) (6.1) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 7.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.8) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (4.1) 1.0 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.5 (0.1) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (4.8) 20.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 132.1 122.7 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 125.6 119.8 – Non-controlling interests 6.5 22.9The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2023 FY 2022 Profit for the period 536.4 450.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (57.8) (29.4) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 6.3 2.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.1 (40.3) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.0) (2.4) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 11.9 42.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (3.1) (8.5) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.4) 11.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.1 (1.3) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (38.9) 23.7 Total comprehensive income for the period 497.5 474.4 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 475.7 462.0 – Non-controlling interests 21.8 12.4Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 114.4 109.4 Right-of-use assets 55.7 42.3 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 108.2 6 205.8 Deferred income tax assets 31.3 18.9 Investments in associates and joint ventures 1.3 72.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 262.7 278.2 Other non-current assets 4.5 3.7 Total non-current assets 6 578.0 6 730.3 Current assets Trade and other receivables 333.6 345.7 Income tax receivable 58.6 54.9 CCP clearing business assets 183 715.2 166 842.5 Other current financial assets 103.1 162.7 Cash & cash equivalents 1 448.8 1 001.1 Total current assets 185 659.3 168 407.0 Total assets 192 237.3 175 137.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 945.7 3 914.0 Non-controlling interests 139.7 126.3 Total Equity 4 085.3 4 040.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 031.6 3 027.2 Lease liabilities 37.3 21.6 Deferred income tax liabilities 531.9 552.6 Post-employment benefits 22.7 19.6 Contract liabilities 60.0 63.8 Other provisions 7.3 7.0 Total Non-current liabilities 3 690.8 3 691.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.3 17.4 Lease liabilities 22.2 28.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 183 832.2 166 858.7 Income tax payable 89.1 28.5 Trade and other payables 415.8 396.3 Contract liabilities 79.3 75.2 Other provisions 5.2 0.7 Total Current liabilities 184 461.1 167 405.2 Total equity and liabilities 192 237.3 175 137.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million FY 2023 FY 2022 Profit before tax 699.1 614.2 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 170.1 160.2 - Share based payments 14.4 14.0 - Results from equity investments (23.5) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (53.0) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (6.5) (8.8) - Changes in working capital 155.5 67.4 Cash flow from operating activities 956.1 837.1 Income tax paid (130.0) (220.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 826.1 616.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (66.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary (0.2) 8.7 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (1.3) - Proceeds from sale of associate 122.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI 0.2 - Purchase of current financial assets (72.3) (30.6) Redemption of current financial assets 155.5 42.9 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (27.7) (31.9) Purchase of intangible assets (75.3) (67.7) Interest received 25.3 5.9 Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 23.5 9.8 Dividends received from associates 7.8 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities 155.4 (122.6) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (28.7) (29.6) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments - (8.9) Payment of lease liabilities (28.4) (23.4) Acquisitions of own shares (219.1) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (1.0) (3.5) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (237.2) (206.0) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.3) (10.9) Net cash flow from financing activities (519.7) (282.4) Total cash flow over the period 461.8 211.5 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 001.1 809.4 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (14.1) (19.9) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital and provisions'. As per 2023  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital and provisions' that was originally reported at €+57.5 million in 2022.in € million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit before tax 176.9 140.8 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 45.6 42.6 - Share based payments 3.9 4.2 - Results from equity investments (5.6) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (11.4) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures - (2.8) - Changes in working capital 44.1 (245.1) Cash flow from operating activities 253.5 (70.1) Income tax paid (59.1) (77.0) Net cash flows from operating activities 194.5 (147.1) Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (54.3) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary - 7.8 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI - - Proceeds from sale of associate 11.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI - - Purchase of current financial assets (3.7) 1.8 Redemption of current financial assets 71.4 0.6 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (12.0) (10.8) Purchase of intangible assets (17.5) (20.0) Interest received 12.0 - Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments 5.6 9.8 Dividends received from associates - 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities 64.6 (65.7) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid - (0.3) Payment of lease liabilities (7.2) (4.5) Acquisitions of own shares (138.0) 1.0 Employee Share transactions - (0.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders - - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (1.4) (5.4) Net cash flow from financing activities (146.5) (9.3) Total cash flow over the period 112.6 (222.1) Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 336.5 1 215.0 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (0.2) 8.2 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital’. As per Q4-23  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital' that was originally reported at €-254.9 million in Q4-22.Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023Cash marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 %var Number of trading days 63 64 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 145 907 592 178 716 514 -18.4% ADV Cash Market 2 315 994 2 792 446 -17.1% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 602 148 637 875 -5.6% ADV Cash Market 9 558 9 967 -4.1% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 -2.1% SMEs 1 493 1 530 -2.4% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 -16.8% ETFs 3 821 3 717 +2.8% Bonds 55 098 53 042 +3.9% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 13 24 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 246.5 310 -20.5% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 6 875 10 237 -32.8% Money Raised - Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28.0% Total Money Raised 297 637 237 446 +25.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 12 23 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 247 306 -19.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 683 4 090 +14.5% Money Raised - Bonds 1 921 240 +700.5% Total Money Raised 6 851 4 636 +47.8%YTD 2023 YTD 2022 %var Number of trading days 255 257 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 625 895 770 866 298 108 -27.8% ADV Cash Market 2 454 493 3 370 810 -27.2% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 2 563 560 2 998 503 -14.5% ADV Cash Market 10 053 11 667 -13.8% Listings Dec-23 Dec-22 Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 ETFs 3 821 3 717 Bonds 55 098 53 042 Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 64 83 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 480.2 3 751 -33.9% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 21 101 28 666 -26.4% Money Raised - Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20.2% Total Money Raised 1 179 608 994 274 +18.6% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 59 77 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 1 275 2 973 -57.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 100 9 589 +5.3% Money Raised - Bonds 4 160 2 336 +78.1% Total Money Raised 15 535 14 898 +4.3%Fixed income marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo 469 134 397 003 +18.2% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 504 1 177 +27.9%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo 436 039 353 700 +23.3% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 266 939 +34.8%FX marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 64 65 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 532 340 1 310 383 +16.9% ADV Euronext FX 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 259 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 814 512 5 851 899 -0.6% ADV Euronext FX 22 450 22 507 -0.3%Power marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.25 0.13 +89.1%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Derivatives marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 63 64 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 31 923 088 35 233 108 -9.4% Index 13 517 515 16 033 772 -15.7% Futures 7 914 354 9 885 622 -19.9% Options 5 603 161 6 148 150 -8.9% Individual Equity 18 405 573 19 199 336 -4.1% Futures 498 969 927 921 -46.2% Options 17 906 604 18 271 415 -2.0% Commodity 5 807 238 4 637 260 +25.2% Futures 5 478 945 4 216 545 +29.9% Options 328 293 420 715 -22.0% Total Euronext 37 730 326 39 870 368 -5.4% Total Futures 13 892 268 15 030 088 -7.6% Total Options 23 838 058 24 840 280 -4.0% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 506 716 550 517 -8.0% Index 214 564 250 528 -14.4% Futures 125 625 154 463 -18.7% Options 88 939 96 065 -7.4% Individual Equity 292 152 299 990 -2.6% Futures 7 920 14 499 -45.4% Options 284 232 285 491 -0.4% Commodity 92 178 72 457 +27.2% Futures 86 967 65 884 +32.0% Options 5 211 6 574 -20.7% Total Euronext 598 894 622 975 -3.9% Total Futures 220 512 234 845 -17.0% Total Options 378 382 388 129 -7.0%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 255 257 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 134 733 803 158 335 700 -14.9% Index 55 863 644 64 341 758 -13.2% Futures 34 664 423 43 007 940 -19.4% Options 21 199 221 21 333 818 -0.6% Individual Equity 78 870 159 93 993 942 -16.1% Futures 1 955 140 9 288 011 -78.9% Options 76 915 019 84 705 931 -9.2% Commodity 23 173 370 20 384 703 +13.7% Futures 21 113 163 17 825 764 +18.4% Options 2 060 207 2 558 939 -19.5% Total Euronext 157 907 173 178 720 403 -11.6% Total Futures 57 732 726 70 121 715 -17.7% Total Options 100 174 447 108 598 688 -7.8% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 528 368 616 092 -14.2% Index 219 073 250 357 -12.5% Futures 135 939 167 346 -18.8% Options 83 134 83 011 +0.1% Individual Equity 309 295 365 735 -15.4% Futures 7 667 36 140 -78.8% Options 301 628 329 595 -8.5% Commodity 90 876 79 318 14.6% Futures 82 797 69 361 +19.4% Options 8 079 9 957 -18.9% Total Euronext 619 244 695 410 -11.0% Total Futures 226 403 272 847 +0.0% Total Options 392 841 422 563 +0.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2023 31 December 2022 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 18 567 344 17 957 749 3.4% Index 1 000 267 1 074 463 -6.9% Futures 517 679 539 893 -4.1% Options 482 588 534 570 -9.7% Individual Equity 17 567 077 16 883 286 4.1% Futures 153 607 225 815 -32.0% Options 17 413 470 16 657 471 4.5% Commodity 876 380 865 620 1.2% Futures 656 667 567 916 15.6% Options 219 713 297 704 -26.2% Total Euronext 19 443 724 18 823 369 3.3% Total Futures 1 327 953 1 333 624 -0.4% Total Options 18 115 771 17 489 745 3.6%1 Underlying revenue in 2022 excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.3 euronext.com/en/about/media/euronext-press-releases/euronext-publishes-q3-2023-results4 Like-for-like basis at constant currency5 Subject to regulatory approval6 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.7 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.8 Volumes for 2022 have been restated9 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.10 Volumes for Q4 2022 have been restatedAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.2,0.26,True,English,"['full year 2023 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '€26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '74 million cumulated run-rate synergies', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration', 'positive interest rates environment', '€103 million cumulated implementation costs', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', '2022 underlying net treasury income', 'Euronext Clearing European expansion', 'positive comparison base', '€70 million interim target', 'Core Data Centre', 'one-off accruals release', 'data products offering', 'Corporate Services offering', 'dynamic bond clearing', 'lower settlement volumes', 'diversified business model', '64 new equity listings', 'derivatives clearing volumes', 'volume related revenue', 'underlying operating expenses', 'negative FX impact', 'full year 2023 results', 'synergies delivery', 'softer environment', 'services business', '2022 underlying revenue', 'equity clearing', 'colocation services', 'leading venue', 'analytic products', 'derivatives trading', 'Clearing revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'Net debt', 'Settlement revenue', 'additional business', 'operational expenses', 'net income', 'continued expansion', 'softer equity', 'Strong results', '2023 interim guidance', 'fourth quarter', 'Strong performance', 'D&A', 'Technology Solutions', 'solid demand', 'constant currencies', 'debt listing', 'Listing performance', 'cash trading', 'record results', 'power trading', 'cost control', 'capital gains', 'Key figures', 'company shareholders', 'two periods', 'Great progress', 'first phase', 'fixed income', 'total revenue', 'revenue capture', 'Listing revenue', 'Trading revenue', 'l4 Revenue', 'share count', 'continued benefits', 'Adjusted EPS', '2023 costs', '2023 revenue', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Q4', '15 February', 'internalisation', 'migration', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'Custody', 'assets', 'equities', '27 November', 'end', 'income1', 'parent', 'acquisition']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36236,Euroclear,Bing API,https://news.yahoo.com/assets-russian-federation-eu-doubts-111645515.html,Assets of the Russian Federation in the EU: doubts of partners and prospects of use for Ukraine,The European Council finally opened the way for the use of frozen assets of the Russian Federation for the benefit of Ukraine. According to the decision of February 12  2024  all depositories owning sovereign assets of the Russian Federation of more than 1 million euros must separately account for extraordinary cash balances.,"The European Council finally opened the way for the use of frozen assets of the Russian Federation for the benefit of Ukraine. According to the decision of February 12  2024  all depositories owning sovereign assets of the Russian Federation of more than 1 million euros must separately account for extraordinary cash balances. This is only the first step  which in the future will allow us to use the entire amount of frozen assets of the Russian Federation to pay compensation to the victims and support Ukraine.The main amount of frozen assets  in particular  should become the basis for filling the International Compensation Fund  which will allow us to provide fair compensation to all victims  restore Ukraine  and reduce the burden on the economies of the partner countries that help us. However  for now  it is more difficult to use the assets of the Russian Federation than to allocate funds from the EU budget. Why does this happen and what are the possible ways to solve this issue?Prospects in BrusselsCurrently  around 300 billion euros are frozen worldwide  which somehow are related to the Russian Federation. The largest share is the sovereign assets of the Russian Federation in the European Union and the G7 countries  260 billion euros have already been identified. In Belgium and Luxembourg there are €210 billion in Euroclear and Clear Street financial institutions. Another €50 billion is located in the USA (from $5 to $8 billion)  Japan  Great Britain  Canada  Australia and Switzerland.The vast majority of sovereign assets of the Russian Federation in the EU are blocked in the form of bonds and other financial instruments in which the aggressor country invested earlier. Almost all of them are kept in the accounts of large depository institutions  and one of the leaders in this matter is Euroclear (Belgium). Around 200 billion euros are stored there  and experts of the organization and state institutions of Belgium are looking for legitimate ways to use the extra income from the circulation of these funds for Ukraine.One of the options currently being considered by the Belgian side is reinvestment from the redemption of securities on deposit with the central bank. These funds are located in Belgium  in 2022 a 25% tax was imposed on them (about €1.7 billion). The Belgian government uses these funds to pay Ukrainian refugees  provide humanitarian aid  etc. Funds for 2023 have not yet been taxed. Negotiations are now underway to impose a 100% tax on these funds and transfer part of these funds to Ukraine. This is around €4 billion  which have been accumulated for 2023. These funds could be transferred only after the decision of the Belgian government.In fact  two ways of using surplus profits from the frozen funds to help Ukraine are currently being discussed:Taxation of profits from the frozen assets of Euroclear and the further transfer of these funds to Ukraine. This format is easier to implement  because it requires only the decision of Belgium itself  and not of all EU countries. However  Ukraine will receive less in this option - if the tax rate remains at the level of 25%  it would be estimated as maximum of 1.7 billion euros per year. Allocation of surplus profits directly in favor of Ukraine. The amount increases to 4-5 billion euros per year  but for its implementation  it is necessary to change the EU legislation  which may prove to be a difficult process.The recent decision of the European Council opened the way for the implementation of the second  more beneficial format for Ukraine. However  risks and doubts remain at the national level for countries where Russian assets are stored.There is still a third option – the use of the assets themselves as collateral for the issuance of securities with the allocation of the funds raised for the urgent needs of Ukraine. Currently  the G7 countries are actively discussing this option.Risks for EuropeThe attitude towards frozen assets is changing quite quickly  as for conservative Europe. However  for Ukraine  which needs a solution now  the process seems too slow. Even in order to direct the already mentioned excess profits  it is necessary to achieve the approval of the draft decision by the countries of the ""Big Seven""  then get the support of the European Central Bank  and then get the unanimous decision of the 27 EU members. And  of course  there are doubts and careful risk assessments at every stage.Currently  all possible risks for European depositories  and primarily for Euroclear  can be grouped into four main groups: legal and financial  operational  regulatory and cyber security.Legal and financial risks are related to the countermeasures of the aggressor country  which increases the threats to Euroclear clients. Currently  the Russian Federation is already creating court precedents — there are already two decisions in favor of the sanctioned participants of Euroclear in the Russian Federation itself. In the future  this may lead to the fact that Euroclear will not only lose funds in Russia  but also the sanctioned clients will try to get these funds for a second time - already in the EU.Among the frozen funds of the Russian Federation  there is a part that belongs to the persons who are not subject to sanctions  and therefore they can also claim compensation. An additional problem is that lawsuits may arise not only for assets  but also for interest  and this already affects the potential provision of funds to Ukraine. In addition  strangely enough  the European authorities  due to a complex system of financial tools  do not know for sure whether all seized and immobilized assets belong to the Russian Federation and want to avoid a situation where confiscated assets may suddenly turn out not to be Russian.Regulatory risk concerns EU banking supervision rules  which will be significantly updated from 2025. The frozen assets of the Russian Federation and the lack of income from them  as well as the above-mentioned negative factors regarding potential lawsuits — all this may lead to the fact that Euroclear may not meet the established new standards.Operational risks are related to the manual management of sanctions-related assets  while other processes at Euroclear are automated. This creates inconveniences for the operation of the system  which  together with the courts and countersanctions  lead to a decrease in the interest in Euroclear on the part of global investors.Cyber security risks have not yet manifested themselves  but the situation may change if decisions are made regarding the use of frozen assets or profits obtained from them.War of financesWe understand a cautious attitude of our European partners to financial matters. However  they need to consider that when they try to maintain the stability of the system and act according to the rules  the aggressor country tends to attack them and violates the rules. The war in Ukraine is already having a negative impact on the world economy and the financial sector  and the Russian Federation is ready to destroy the world. That is why Europeans and the countries of the ""Big Seven"" should look at the financial system as a sphere that needs defense and protection. The Russian authorities will act more and more aggressively  and attempts to avoid and ignore the problems will only lead to the opposite effect for the EU.As of 2024  Europeans are still not ready to talk about the confiscation of all immobilized assets of the Russian Federation. Paradoxically  it is easier for the authorities in the EU to take funds from European taxpayers than to confiscate the assets of the aggressor country. Even the use of profits still raises questions. At the same time  even with a positive decision  Ukraine will receive 15 billion euros during 2024-2027  but will not be able to receive funds for 2022-2023.All this demonstrates that Europe still does not fully understand all levels of the Russian threat. The quick transfer of extraordinary profits from frozen assets to Ukraine allows to reduce the burden on European economies in matters of aid  and also additionally weakens the Russian Federation in the long term. Instead  any delays in the decision only work in favor of the aggressor and encourage the Russian Federation to continue destroying the world order.Iryna Mudra  Deputy Minister of Justice of Ukraine",neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,mixed,0.08,0.25,0.67,True,English,"['Russian Federation', 'Assets', 'EU', 'doubts', 'partners', 'prospects', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'Clear Street financial institutions', 'extraordinary cash balances', 'other financial instruments', 'large depository institutions', 'careful risk assessments', 'four main groups', 'International Compensation Fund', 'The European Council', 'European Central Bank', '4-5 billion euros', 'state institutions', 'financial risks', 'European Union', '300 billion euros', '260 billion euros', '200 billion euros', '1.7 billion euros', 'main amount', '1 million euros', 'Russian Federation', 'first step', 'fair compensation', 'possible ways', 'largest share', 'Great Britain', 'vast majority', 'aggressor country', 'legitimate ways', 'extra income', 'Belgian side', 'Belgian government', 'Ukrainian refugees', 'humanitarian aid', 'two ways', 'urgent needs', 'Big Seven', 'cyber security', 'court precedents', 'two decisions', 'European depositories', 'frozen assets', 'sovereign assets', 'Russian assets', 'EU budget', 'EU legislation', '27 EU members', 'surplus profits', 'excess profits', 'entire amount', 'partner countries', 'G7 countries', 'difficult process', 'recent decision', 'beneficial format', 'national level', 'conservative Europe', 'draft decision', 'unanimous decision', 'possible risks', 'EU countries', 'tax rate', 'third option', '25% tax', '100% tax', 'use', 'benefit', 'Ukraine', 'February', 'future', 'victims', 'basis', 'burden', 'economies', 'funds', 'issue', 'Prospects', 'Brussels', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Euroclear', 'USA', 'Japan', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Switzerland', 'bonds', 'accounts', 'leaders', 'matter', 'experts', 'organization', 'circulation', 'options', 'reinvestment', 'redemption', 'securities', 'Negotiations', 'fact', 'Taxation', 'transfer', 'maximum', 'year', 'Allocation', 'favor', 'implementation', 'doubts', 'collateral', 'issuance', 'attitude', 'solution', 'order', 'approval', 'support', 'course', 'stage', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'countermeasures', 'threats', 'clients', 'participants']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,news.yahoo.com
36237,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/274128061/euroclear-blasts-g7-over-plan-to-seize-russian-money,Euroclear blasts G7 over plan to seize Russian money,A plan by the G7 to use Russia's frozen assets as a backstop to issue loans for the reconstruction of Ukraine would pose risks to the financial stability of Europe  Lieve Mostrey  CEO of the Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear  has warned. In an ...,A plan by the G7 to use Russia's frozen assets as a backstop to issue loans for the reconstruction of Ukraine would pose risks to the financial stability of Europe  Lieve Mostrey  CEO of the Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear  has warned. In an ...,negative,0.03,0.34,0.62,negative,0.03,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['Russian money', 'Euroclear', 'G7', 'plan', 'frozen assets', 'financial stability', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse', 'plan', 'G7', 'Russia', 'backstop', 'loans', 'reconstruction', 'Ukraine', 'risks', 'Europe', 'CEO', 'Euroclear']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,bignewsnetwork.com
36238,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/51454c82-bdce-410d-8f19-e14f8d04b176,Why the US wants to show Europe that it still cares about its security,Today  our man at the Munich Security Conference previews an event likely to be dominated by the defence of Europe. And the chief executive of Euroclear  the Belgian settlement house in the spotlight because of its role as the largest custodian of immobilised Russian assets  tells Laura her side of the story.,Today  our man at the Munich Security Conference previews an event likely to be dominated by the defence of Europe. And the chief executive of Euroclear  the Belgian settlement house in the spotlight because of its role as the largest custodian of immobilised Russian assets  tells Laura her side of the story.,neutral,0.1,0.64,0.26,neutral,0.08,0.77,0.15,True,English,"['US', 'Europe', 'security', 'Munich Security Conference', 'Belgian settlement house', 'chief executive', 'largest custodian', 'Russian assets', 'man', 'event', 'defence', 'Europe', 'Euroclear', 'spotlight', 'role', 'Laura', 'side', 'story']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,ft.com
36239,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.shethepeople.tv/news/swedish-women-outshine-men-in-stock-market-success-3782444,Survey Says Swedish Women Outshine Men In Stock Market Success,Swedish women outshone men with a nearly 50% surge in domestic stock portfolios last year  as revealed by Euroclear Sweden's data on retail investors. This challenges conventional finance norms  highlighting women's growth in investment.,In a remarkable shift  Swedish women experienced a significant boost in their domestic stock portfolios  surpassing those of men by nearly 50% in the past year. This revelation  based on data compiled by Euroclear Sweden on retail investors' holdings  challenges conventional perceptions in the world of finance.AdvertismentImpressive ReturnsEuroclear's statement  released on Tuesday  disclosed that women  on average  generated an impressive 15.1% return on their stock holdings  while men trailed with a respectable yet lower 10.3%. This unexpected trend marks a departure from the historical pattern where men tended to outperform  a shift now attributed  in part  to the growing number of women entering the investment landscape.Factors Behind the Phenomenon: Exploring Women's Investment PreferencesEuroclear  serving as Sweden's central securities depository  delved into the reasons behind this transformation. The company highlighted that women exhibit a higher inclination toward established firms compared to men  who often show a preference for younger tech companies. This nuanced difference in investment preferences sheds light on the diverse strategies employed by women in navigating the stock market.Risk-Averse Nature: Aligning with Research on Women InvestorsThe findings align with broader research indicating that women  both in retail and institutional investment settings  tend to be more risk-averse than their male counterparts. This inherent risk aversion appears to contribute significantly to the outperformance of women in the stock market  challenging stereotypes that suggest a higher risk appetite among male investors.AdvertismentBeyond Stock Portfolios: Women-Led Companies ShineThis shift in investment success echoes broader trends in research indicating that companies led by women consistently outperform those managed by men. The correlation between women's leadership and financial success suggests a holistic impact  extending beyond individual investment choices to the corporate realm.In conclusion  the unexpected success of Swedish women in outperforming men in domestic stock portfolios signals a transformative trend in the financial landscape. As more women embrace investment opportunities  challenging traditional norms  the industry stands witness to the evolving dynamics shaping the future of finance.,neutral,0.35,0.64,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.29,0.31,True,English,"['Stock Market Success', 'Swedish Women', 'Survey', 'central securities depository', 'inherent risk aversion', 'higher risk appetite', 'younger tech companies', 'Women-Led Companies Shine', 'institutional investment settings', 'individual investment choices', 'domestic stock portfolios', ""retail investors' holdings"", 'stock holdings', 'higher inclination', 'stock market', 'male investors', 'investment landscape', 'Investment Preferences', 'investment success', 'investment opportunities', 'significant boost', 'past year', 'conventional perceptions', 'Impressive Returns', 'impressive 15.1% return', 'unexpected trend', 'historical pattern', 'growing number', 'nuanced difference', 'diverse strategies', 'Risk-Averse Nature', 'male counterparts', 'broader trends', 'financial success', 'holistic impact', 'corporate realm', 'unexpected success', 'transformative trend', 'financial landscape', 'traditional norms', 'evolving dynamics', 'Women Investors', 'remarkable shift', 'broader research', 'Swedish women', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'revelation', 'data', 'world', 'finance', 'Advertisment', 'statement', 'Tuesday', 'respectable', 'departure', 'Factors', 'Phenomenon', 'reasons', 'transformation', 'company', 'firms', 'light', 'findings', 'outperformance', 'stereotypes', 'correlation', 'leadership', 'conclusion', 'industry', 'future']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,shethepeople.tv
36240,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1107859288/Euroclear-Chief-Slams-G7-Proposal-To-Use-Russian-Frozen-Assets,Euroclear Chief Slams G7 Proposal To Use Russian Frozen Assets,( MENAFN - Trend News Agency) BAKU  Azerbaijan  February 16. The use of frozen assets of the Russian Central Bank to finance recovery of Ukraine proposed by the Group of Seven is very close to an indirect seizure  chief executive of Belgium-based Euroclear Lieve Mostrey said in an interview with The Financial Times  Trend reports.,"(MENAFN- Trend News Agency) BAKU  Azerbaijan  February 16. The use of frozen assets of the Russian Central Bank to finance recovery of Ukraine proposed by the Group of Seven is very close to an indirect seizure  chief executive of Belgium-based Euroclear Lieve Mostrey said in an interview with The Financial Times  Trend reports.""Using assets that don't belong to you as collateral is pretty close to an indirect seizing or a commitment to future seizing  which could have exactly the same effects on the markets as a direct seizing "" said the chief executive of the depositary with about 191 bln euro of Russian assets frozen.""We don't see how the central Russian bank would simply accept that has been seized and that Euroclear's obligations towards them have stopped to exist "" she noted.""I trust that the prudent  rational will prevail "" Mostrey continued. ""When we come to a logic of seizing of assets·.·.·. ·then you see the trust in the Euroclear system  the trust in the European capital markets  the trust in euro as a currency substantially affected "" he added.",neutral,0.04,0.89,0.07,neutral,0.09,0.77,0.14,True,English,"['Russian Frozen Assets', 'Euroclear Chief', 'G7 Proposal', 'MENAFN- Trend News Agency', 'Belgium-based Euroclear Lieve Mostrey', 'The Financial Times', 'Russian Central Bank', 'central Russian bank', 'European capital markets', 'Trend reports', 'Euroclear system', 'Russian assets', 'indirect seizure', 'chief executive', 'indirect seizing', 'future seizing', 'same effects', 'prudent, rational', 'frozen assets', '191 bln euro', 'BAKU', 'Azerbaijan', 'February', 'use', 'recovery', 'Ukraine', 'Group', 'Seven', 'interview', 'collateral', 'commitment', 'depositary', 'obligations', 'logic', 'trust', 'currency']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,menafn.com
36241,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Not-easy-to-spur-bourse-mergers-to-deepen-EU-capital-market-says-Euronext-45965273/,Not easy to spur bourse mergers to deepen EU capital market  says Euronext,"(marketscreener.com) The ""gap"" betweenpolicymakers wanting bourse mergers to deepen EU capitalmarkets  and the demands of private shareholders makes it hardto push through consolidation  Euronext said on Thursday. Euro zone finance ministers want Brussels…","LONDON (Reuters) - The ""gap"" between policymakers wanting bourse mergers to deepen EU capital markets  and the demands of private shareholders makes it hard to push through consolidation  Euronext said on Thursday.Euro zone finance ministers want Brussels to assess  and potentially address  barriers to exchange mergers in a region with a plethora of trading platforms  a draft document on Thursday showed.""We welcome any initiative that promotes consolidation of market infrastructure in Europe "" Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah told Reuters.Euronext marks 10 years as a listed company  the result of many bourse takeovers  but Boujnah said that currently there were ""not many willing sellers"" in the sector  and that Euronext is not a buyer at any price.""There is a gap to be bridged in due course between the sort of vision of policymakers  which is a vision we share that consolidation makes Europe more relevant  and reality of ownership  strategy and platforms that create different dynamics "" he added.Euronext's ""very preliminary"" dialogue with Deutsche Boerse on a joint liquidity pool in stocks were paused due to ""very fundamental capital market reasons""  and not because of regulatory issues that needed fixing  Boujnah said.Boujnah suggested better channelling of savings into EU companies  and proceeding ""promptly"" towards single EU supervision for markets to end different national interpretations of EU rules that create barriers.Finance ministers are considering both.A prospectus for issuance that can be used cross-border would also help  he said  adding he was ""optimistic"" about Euronext's IPOs pipeline.""When you vaccinate your dog  and you cross the border with a pet you have a single vaccination certificate across Europe  but when you want to do an IPO  you don't have a single prospectus "" Boujnah said.Euronext on Thursday reported full year earnings for 2023  saying that good progress with integrating the Milan Exchange bought in 2021  with ""run rate synergies"" of 74 million euros ($79.62 million)  ahead of its 70 million euro target.Full-year revenue and income rose 3.9% to 1.47 billion euros  and the recommended dividend equal to half of reported net income  or 2.48 euros per share  is up 11.7% on 2022.Euronext expects 2024 underlying expenses  excluding depreciation and amortisation  of around 625 million euros.($1 = 0.9295 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by David Evans)By Huw Jones",negative,0.08,0.37,0.54,negative,0.1,0.35,0.55,True,English,"['EU capital market', 'bourse mergers', 'Euronext', 'fundamental capital market reasons', 'Euro zone finance ministers', 'Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'many willing sellers', 'joint liquidity pool', 'full year earnings', 'run rate synergies', '70 million euro target', 'single vaccination certificate', 'many bourse takeovers', 'different national interpretations', 'single EU supervision', 'EU capital markets', 'market infrastructure', 'different dynamics', 'EU companies', 'EU rules', 'single prospectus', 'bourse mergers', 'private shareholders', 'draft document', 'listed company', 'due course', 'preliminary"" dialogue', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'regulatory issues', 'IPOs pipeline', 'good progress', 'Milan Exchange', 'Full-year revenue', '2024 underlying expenses', 'Huw Jones', 'David Evans', '625 million euros', 'trading platforms', 'net income', '1.47 billion euros', '2.48 euros', '0.9295 euros', 'LONDON', 'Reuters', 'gap', 'policymakers', 'demands', 'consolidation', 'Thursday', 'Brussels', 'barriers', 'region', 'plethora', 'initiative', 'Europe', '10 years', 'result', 'sector', 'buyer', 'price', 'sort', 'reality', 'ownership', 'strategy', 'stocks', 'channelling', 'savings', 'issuance', 'dog', 'border', 'pet', 'dividend', 'half', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', '74']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36242,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/not-easy-to-spur-bourse-mergers-to-deepen-eu-capital-market-says-euronext-3305263,Not easy to spur bourse mergers to deepen EU capital market  says Euronext By Reuters,Not easy to spur bourse mergers to deepen EU capital market  says Euronext,"Published Feb 15  2024 01:07PM ET© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: The Euronext stock exchange is pictured at the La Defense business district in Paris  France  September 30  2022. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File PhotoDB1Gn +1.00% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - The ""gap"" between policymakers wanting bourse mergers to deepen EU capital markets  and the demands of private shareholders makes it hard to push through consolidation  Euronext said on Thursday.Euro zone finance ministers want Brussels to assess  and potentially address  barriers to exchange mergers in a region with a plethora of trading platforms  a draft document on Thursday showed.""We welcome any initiative that promotes consolidation of market infrastructure in Europe "" Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah told Reuters.Euronext marks 10 years as a listed company  the result of many bourse takeovers  but Boujnah said that currently there were ""not many willing sellers"" in the sector  and that Euronext is not a buyer at any price.""There is a gap to be bridged in due course between the sort of vision of policymakers  which is a vision we share that consolidation makes Europe more relevant  and reality of ownership  strategy and platforms that create different dynamics "" he added.Euronext's ""very preliminary"" dialogue with Deutsche Boerse (ETR: ) on a joint liquidity pool in stocks were paused due to ""very fundamental capital market reasons""  and not because of regulatory issues that needed fixing  Boujnah said.Boujnah suggested better channelling of savings into EU companies  and proceeding ""promptly"" towards single EU supervision for markets to end different national interpretations of EU rules that create barriers.Finance ministers are considering both.A prospectus for issuance that can be used cross-border would also help  he said  adding he was ""optimistic"" about Euronext's IPOs pipeline.""When you vaccinate your dog  and you cross the border with a pet you have a single vaccination certificate across Europe  but when you want to do an IPO  you don't have a single prospectus "" Boujnah said.Euronext on Thursday reported full year earnings for 2023  saying that good progress with integrating the Milan Exchange bought in 2021  with ""run rate synergies"" of 74 million euros ($79.62 million)  ahead of its 70 million euro target.Full-year revenue and income rose 3.9% to 1.47 billion euros  and the recommended dividend equal to half of reported net income  or 2.48 euros per share  is up 11.7% on 2022.Euronext expects 2024 underlying expenses  excluding depreciation and amortisation  of around 625 million euros.($1 = 0.9295 euros)",negative,0.14,0.4,0.46,negative,0.1,0.39,0.51,True,English,"['EU capital market', 'bourse mergers', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'La Defense business district', 'fundamental capital market reasons', 'Euro zone finance ministers', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'many willing sellers', 'joint liquidity pool', 'full year earnings', 'run rate synergies', 'single vaccination certificate', 'many bourse takeovers', 'different national interpretations', '70 million euro target', 'single EU supervision', 'File Photo DB1Gn', 'EU capital markets', 'market infrastructure', 'Milan Exchange', 'different dynamics', 'EU companies', 'EU rules', 'single prospectus', 'Huw Jones', 'bourse mergers', 'private shareholders', 'draft document', 'listed company', 'due course', 'preliminary"" dialogue', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'regulatory issues', 'IPOs pipeline', 'good progress', 'Full-year revenue', '2024 underlying expenses', 'trading platforms', '1.47 billion euros', 'net income', '625 million euros', '74 million', '2.48 euros', '0.9295 euros', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'Paris', 'France', 'Watchlist', 'LONDON', 'gap', 'policymakers', 'demands', 'consolidation', 'Thursday', 'Brussels', 'barriers', 'region', 'plethora', 'initiative', 'Europe', '10 years', 'result', 'sector', 'buyer', 'price', 'sort', 'reality', 'ownership', 'strategy', 'ETR', 'stocks', 'channelling', 'savings', 'issuance', 'dog', 'border', 'pet', 'dividend', 'half', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', '©']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,investing.com
36243,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-up-060-3305231,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.60% By Investing.com,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.60%,Published Feb 15  2024 12:05PM ET© Reuters. Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.60%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Thursday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher while losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the rose 0.60% to hit a new all time high  while the index gained 0.03%  and the index fell 0.01%.The best performers of the session on the were Commerzbank AG O.N. (ETR: )  which rose 5.53% or 0.58 points to trade at 11.06 at the close. Meanwhile  Rheinmetall AG (ETR: ) added 3.51% or 12.80 points to end at 377.20 and Vonovia SE (ETR: ) was up 2.91% or 0.75 points to 26.52 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Siemens Energy AG (ETR: )  which fell 1.74% or 0.25 points to trade at 13.84 at the close. Airbus Group SE (ETR: ) declined 1.00% or 1.50 points to end at 148.82 and Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) was down 0.67% or 1.25 points to 185.80.The top performers on the MDAX were Delivery Hero AG (ETR: ) which rose 4.62% to 23.33  Hochtief AG (ETR: ) which was up 3.44% to settle at 102.20 and LEG Immobilien AG (ETR: ) which gained 3.02% to close at 71.58.The worst performers were Thyssenkrupp AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 5.65% to 4.66 in late trade  Gerresheimer AG (ETR: ) which lost 5.26% to settle at 90.10 and Kion Group AG (ETR: ) which was down 2.86% to 41.04 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc (ETR: ) which rose 2.20% to 6.05  Verbio Vereinigte Bioenergie AG (ETR: ) which was up 2.17% to settle at 21.18 and PNE Wind AG (ETR: ) which gained 1.51% to close at 13.42.The worst performers were CompuGroup Medical AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 7.12% to 31.32 in late trade  SMA Solar Technology AG (ETR: ) which lost 2.20% to settle at 53.35 and Nemetschek AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 2.09% to 85.18 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 373 to 249 and 32 ended unchanged.Shares in Rheinmetall AG (ETR: ) rose to all time highs; rising 3.51% or 12.80 to 377.20. Shares in Thyssenkrupp AG O.N. (ETR: ) fell to 52-week lows; falling 5.65% or 0.28 to 4.66. Shares in CompuGroup Medical AG O.N. (ETR: ) fell to 5-year lows; down 7.12% or 2.40 to 31.32.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was down 0.07% to 13.76.Gold Futures for April delivery was up 0.44% or 8.85 to $2 013.15 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in March rose 2.27% or 1.74 to hit $78.38 a barrel  while the April Brent oil contract rose 1.96% or 1.60 to trade at $83.20 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.34% to 1.08  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.18% to 0.86.The US Dollar Index Futures was down 0.29% at 104.31.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.12,0.14,0.73,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'Investing.com', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'CompuGroup Medical AG O.N.', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Commerzbank AG O.N.', 'Thyssenkrupp AG O.N.', 'Nemetschek AG O.N.', 'Verbio Vereinigte Bioenergie AG', 'SMA Solar Technology AG', 'April Brent oil contract', 'Siemens Energy AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'LEG Immobilien AG', 'Kion Group AG', 'PNE Wind AG', 'ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc', 'Airbus Group SE', 'Delivery Hero AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Rheinmetall AG', 'Hochtief AG', 'Gerresheimer AG', 'April delivery', 'Crude oil', 'Vonovia SE', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'top performers', 'Rising stocks', 'time highs', '52-week lows', '5-year lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Thursday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'losses', 'session', 'ETR', '12.80 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'implied', 'volatility', 'March', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '0.5', '0.25', '1.50', '1.25']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,investing.com
36244,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-with-substantial-increases-in-profitability-sales-and-order-intake-in-financial-year-2023-45955651/,R. STAHL with substantial increases in profitability  sales and order intake in financial year 2023,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: Preliminary Results/Development of SalesR. STAHL with substantial increases in profitability  sales and order intake in financial year 2023 15.02.2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe…,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): Preliminary Results/Development of SalesR. STAHL with substantial increases in profitability  sales and order intake in financial year 202315.02.2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL with substantial increases in profitability  sales and order intake in financial year 2023Group sales up 20.5% to € 330.6 millionOrder intake jumps 9.3% to € 342.5 millionSignificant improvement in profitability: EBITDA pre exceptionals improves by 73.0% to € 38.6 million  EBITDA margin pre exceptionals increases from 8.1% to 11.7%Potential impairment of Russian investment ZAVOD GoreltexWaldenburg  15 February 2024 – According to preliminary figures  R. STAHL saw significant improvements in all key figures in financial year 2023.The recovery of the procurement markets and forward-looking inventory build-up led to strong sales growth in 2023. This enabled R. STAHL to increase sales for full year 2023 by 20.5% to € 330.6 million (previous year: € 274.3 million). The forecast corridor was between € 305 million and € 320 million.Order intake at the specialist for explosion protection solutions was up 9.3% to € 342.5 million in 2023 (previous year: € 313.5 million). Order activity lost momentum in the second half of the year due to a general economic slowdown and decline in demand from the German chemical industry. Since the beginning of 2024  order intake has shown an encouraging rebound. Because order volume once again exceeded sales in the past financial year  order backlog increased to € 115.1 million at the end of 2023 (previous year: € 109.4 million).R. STAHL significantly improved its operational profitability in the past financial year. The company increased EBITDA pre exceptionals by 73.0% or € 16.3 million to € 38.6 million (previous year: € 22.3 million). The figure was thus within the forecast range of € 35 million to € 40 million (previously: € 30 million to € 36 million)  which was adjusted upward in November 2023. The company increased its profitability as measured by the EBITDA margin from 8.1% in the previous year to 11.7%.R. STAHL also improved its cash flow from operating activities in 2023  increasing this figure by € 8.2 million to € 14.2 million (previous year: € 6.0 million). Free cash flow improved by € 4.7 million to € +0.3 million (previous year: € -4.4 million). R. STAHL had most recently forecast a figure in the low single-digit negative million euro range.In light of current developments  there is the potential for a full impairment of the 25% investment in the Russian company ZAVOD Goreltex Co. Ltd  St. Petersburg  in the 2023 annual financial statements. The carrying amount of the investment was € 10.3 million as at December 31  2023. An impairment would have a negative impact on the financial result. It would not affect liquidity and would also have no impact on EBITDA pre exceptionals. The company already wrote down outstanding dividend receivables of € 1.9 million from ZAVOD Goreltex in the fourth quarter of 2023. This effect is included in EBITDA pre exceptionals as other operating expenses.“The very strong business development in 2023 underscores the effectiveness of the EXcellence 2030 corporate strategy. R. STAHL was able to further stabilize and consolidate its market position in 2023 despite a challenging environment. The company will take advantage of the opportunities that arise in our market  which is experiencing medium and long-term growth  so that we can continue to generate sustainable success”  says Dr. Mathias Hallmann  CEO at R. STAHL.The figures and forward-looking statements in this press release relating to 2023 are preliminary. R. STAHL will provide an outlook for 2023 together with the release of its audited Annual Report 2023 on 17 April 2024.Key figures of the R. STAHL Group pursuant to IFRS 1)in €m 20231) 2022 Changein €m Changein % Sales 330.6 274.3 +56.3 +20.5 Order intake 342.5 313.5 +29.0 +9.3 Order backlog 115.1 109.4 +5.7 +5.2 EBITDA pre exceptionals 2) 38.6 22.3 +16.3 +73.0 in % of sales 11.7% 8.1% EBIT 19.1 3.9 +15.3 >+100 Free cash flow 0.3 -4.4 +4.7 n/a Net financial liabilities 3) 38.8 29.2 +9.6 +33.0 Employees 4) 1 721 1 676 +45 empl. +2.71) Preliminary figures; the final and full figure set as well as the Annual Report 2023 will be released on 17 April 2024.2) Exceptionals: restructuring charges  non-scheduled depreciation and amortization  charges for design and implementation of IT projects  M&A costs as well as profit and loss from the disposal of non-current assets no longer required for business operations.3) Cash and cash equivalents less interest-bearing loans  excl. pension provisions and without lease liabilities4) excl. apprenticesPercentages and figures in may include rounding differences. The signs used to indicate rates of changes are based on mathematical aspects. Rates of changes > +100% are shown as >+100%  rates of changeFinancial Calendar 202421 March Solventis Aktienforum  Frankfurt/M.17 April Annual Report 202308 May Interim Report Q1 202427 June 31st Annual General Meeting08 August Interim Report H1 202406 Nov. Interim Report Q3 2024About R. STAHL – www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signalling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. According to preliminary figures in 2023 global sales amounting to around € 330 6 million were generated by 1 721 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Forward-looking statementsThis release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions and estimates of R. STAHL’s management. Although we assume that the expectations of these forward-looking statements are realistic  we cannot guarantee that these expectations will prove to be correct. The assumptions may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such discrepancies include: changes in the macroeconomic and business environment  exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations  the roll-out of competing products  a lack of acceptance of new products or services  and changes in business strategy. R. STAHL does not plan to update these forward-looking statements nor does it accept any obligation to do so.R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.21,0.63,True,English,"['R. STAHL', 'substantial increases', 'order intake', 'financial year', 'profitability', 'sales', 'low single-digit negative million euro range', 'ZAVOD Goreltex Co. Ltd', 'EBITDA margin pre exceptionals', 'looking inventory build-up', 'explosion protection solutions', 'general economic slowdown', 'German chemical industry', 'outstanding dividend receivables', 'EXcellence 2030 corporate strategy', 'Dr. Mathias Hallmann', 'M&A costs', 'less interest-bearing loans', '21 March Solventis Aktienforum', 'other operating expenses', 'EBITDA pre exceptionals', 'Net financial liabilities', 'Free cash flow', 'past financial year', '2023 annual financial statements', 'strong business development', 'R. Stahl AG', 'change Financial Calendar', '17 April Annual Rep', 'strong sales growth', 'R. STAHL Group', 'forecast range', 'negative impact', 'financial result', 'operating activities', 'long-term growth', 'forward-looking statements', 'Annual Report', 'business operations', 'lease liabilities', 'cash equivalents', 'full year', 'Key word', 'Preliminary Results', 'substantial increases', 'order intake', 'Significant improvement', 'procurement markets', 'forecast corridor', 'Order activity', 'second half', 'encouraging rebound', 'order volume', 'order backlog', 'current developments', 'St. Petersburg', 'carrying amount', 'fourth quarter', 'challenging environment', 'sustainable success', 'IT projects', 'non-current assets', 'pension provisions', 'rounding differences', 'mathematical aspects', 'previous year', 'Group sales', 'preliminary figures', 'key figures', 'full impairment', 'market position', 'press release', 'restructuring charges', 'Russian investment', 'full figure', 'operational profitability', 'Russian company', 'Potential impairment', '2022 Change', '25% investment', 'EQS-News', '00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Waldenburg', '15 February', 'recovery', 'specialist', 'momentum', 'decline', 'demand', 'beginning', 'November', 'light', 'December', 'liquidity', 'effect', 'advantage', 'opportunities', 'medium', 'CEO', 'outlook', 'IFRS', 'Employees', 'final', 'scheduled', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'design', 'implementation', 'loss', 'disposal', 'apprentices', 'Percentages', 'signs', 'rates', 'changes', 'Frankfurt/M.', '07', '2024']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36245,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.boersen-zeitung.de/english/sensitive-economy,"""We are sensitive to economic fluctuation only to a very small extent""",The rail infrastructure group Vossloh has raised its targets for 2023 twice. CFO Thomas Triska explains why he is relatively unperturbed by the austerity measures in the federal budget and the recession in Germany.,"""We are sensitive to economic fluctuation only to a very small extent""Dr Triska  Vossloh has announced the publication of its annual figures for March 21. Should investors expect an announcement until then containing preliminary figures or even revised targets?We know our preliminary figures. It cannot be inferred from this that we are outside the target ranges we most recently communicated. As a rule  we do not publish preliminary vital figures. In this respect  the probability that we will report figures for the past year before the aforementioned date is very low.What are your forecasts?We have raised our sales and earnings guidance twice in 2023. The last time was on October 19. Since then  we expect revenue of between 1.175 and 1.225 billion euros. Previously  the target range was 1.125 to 1.2 billion euros and before that 1.05 to 1.15 billion euros. In 2022  we had achieved a turnover of 1.05 billion euros. In October  we also raised the forecast for our operating result (earnings before interest and taxes  EBIT; editor's note): From 87 to 94 million euros to 94 to 100 million euros; the previous target range was 79 to 88 million euros. In 2022  EBIT was 78 million euros. Based on the mean value of the current sales forecast  this results in a range for the EBIT margin in 2023 of between 7.8% and 8.3%  compared to 7.5% in the previous year.After years of gloom  sales and earnings have recently risen sharply. What has changed?We sold parts of the Group and focussed on rail infrastructure. From 2019 onwards  we implemented a comprehensive restructuring programme and fundamentally revised our strategy in 2020 so that from then on  we were very optimistic that we would be able to grow faster than the market. Of course  we also benefited from the changes in the market environment. Since the middle of the last decade  the topic of ""environmentally friendly mobility"" has played an increasingly important role in the public debate. It has taken a while in many countries  but large sums of money are now being invested in rail infrastructure worldwide after a long period of almost universal wear and tear. The political will to put more traffic on the railway is there.The political will to put more traffic on the railway is there. Thomas TriskaShouldn't this have been reflected in Vossloh's figures at an earlier stage already? People have been talking about more environmentally friendly transport and investment in the railways for half an eternity  at least in Germany.For one thing  in many countries  it usually takes years from the announcement of investments to the actual flow of funds  partly because the planning processes in our industry are incredibly lengthy. Turnover and capacity utilisation  therefore  increase with a considerable delay compared to investment announcements. Let me take Germany as an example: Here  it was only the third performance and financing agreement that ensured that investment planning gained noticeable momentum and that more and more orders are now being placed in order to remedy the shortcomings of the past.Please explain this agreement.The third performance and financing agreement (LuFV III)  signed at the beginning of 2020  is an agreement between the Federal Republic of Germany and Deutsche Bahn on the maintenance and replacement of the infrastructure of Deutsche Bahn's railway infrastructure companies. The agreement regulates replacement investments and maintenance expenses. It provides for investments totalling 86 billion euros over a period of ten years up to 2030.The long time that elapses between the announcement of investments and the awarding of contracts – is this a typical German problem?No. This applies to almost all countries. However  there is movement in the awarding of contracts. In the EU  the Green Deal  i.e. the European Commission's concept aimed at reducing net greenhouse gas emissions in the EU to zero by 2050  is certainly playing a pivotal role. In the USA  too  there is now a trend towards sustainably strengthening the railways as the undisputed most climate-friendly mode of transport. This gives us confidence for the coming years.Once the orders get underway  this remains the case over a longer period of several years. Thomas TriskaIs it possible to say how long it will take to clear the investment backlog in the railway sector?It won't happen overnight. But once the orders get going  it will stay that way for several years. That's quite typical for our industry.How high is the domestic share of Vossloh's total sales?In 2022  we had revenue in Germany in the region of 100 million euros with Group sales of just over 1 billion euros. Even though the final figures for 2023 are not yet available  we assume that we have increased sales in Germany by almost 40% – which is largely thanks to LuFV III. In many cases  the end customer was Deutsche Bahn  even though some of its suppliers are our customers. For example  our rail fasteners go to the sleeper manufacturers  who then supply Deutsche Bahn.The German economy is not in good shape. The state also has to make savings. Will this affect Vossloh?Are you alluding to the 60 billion euros in borrowing that was not utilised during the coronavirus pandemic and was supposed to be transferred to the Climate and Transformation Fund in the second supplementary budget for 2021  which the Federal Constitutional Court ultimately declared unconstitutional? This means that many billions are indeed missing for climate protection projects. However  we do not currently see the savings and reallocations in the state budget having a noticeable impact on Vossloh.Why not?If you look at the environmental footprint  rail is by far the most environmentally friendly mode of transport. And there are plans everywhere to put more traffic on the railway. As politicians are also aware that the railways have been running on wear and tear for a long time  it is not just the investments that have been decided on. I would even say that the funds for the railway could be increased  as was planned before the verdict from Karlsruhe. Up to 35 billion euros could be added to the 86 billion euros envisaged in the LuFV III. We  therefore  firmly believe that environmentally friendly mobility will be increasingly promoted despite the austerity measures at home and abroad.And the recession in Germany is not affecting Vossloh?We are a company that is sensitive to economy fluctuation only to a very limited extent. As shown  our industry has very long-term investment cycles; short-term changes in GDP  for example  in quarters  have no recognisable influence on this.Core Components is the segment in which we manufacture our mass products. Thomas TriskaVossloh's Group activities are divided into three divisions: Core Components  Customised Modules and Lifecycle Solutions. These designations are not very meaningful for an outsider. Would you describe the divisions a little more clearly  also using product examples?Sure. Core Components is the segment in which we manufacture our mass products. They are technically demanding  but these products are rarely further developed for a customer. In this area  there are two business segments: Firstly  rail fastenings  which are manufactured in our large facility in Werdohl – the headquarters of our company – and provide the lion's share of the segment's revenue; we are the world leader in rail fastenings. The other business segment is concrete sleepers; currently  we operate exclusively in North America – USA  Canada  and Mexico – and Australia. In both markets  we have shares of more than 70%. In Core Components  we currently have the highest operating margin; it is significantly double-digit and was significantly higher in 2023 than the previous year. We are unlikely to maintain this level entirely this year; the same applies to segment revenue. This is due to a base effect: Large projects in Mexico came into play last year  which will not occur this year. The same applies to China  where there were high-volume deliveries that temporarily increased our market share there to about 20% on average in rail fastenings.Next up would be Customized Modules.This is our railway switch business. Here  we make various customizations on behalf of the customer. Switches always involve a high level of engineering effort; they must fit precisely to the track. In switches  we are globally ranked number 2 behind Austrian Voestalpine Railway Systems. In this area  we have seen high growth rates in recent years. In 2023  revenue is expected to exceed the 500 million euro mark significantly. As for profitability  we had an EBIT margin of about 8% in 2022. It is not expected to deviate significantly in 2023  but we are confident that we will approach our medium-term goal in 2024 – a double-digit EBIT margin in each business area. The quality of incoming orders also indicates that we will improve our margin in the future.That leaves Lifecycle Solutions.This is our service business for everything ""around the rail"". Here  we particularly benefit from higher demand from Deutsche Bahn  as around half of the business in this area takes place in Germany. Here  we provide a wide range of services  ranging from rail welding and its transportation to the construction site to services aimed at extending the lifespan of the rail  such as rail milling or high-speed grinding for the heavily loaded network in Germany. Due to the diverse services  the sector is very fragmented. However  it is the fastest-growing sector in the group  and we are also confident that we will approach a double-digit EBIT margin in 2024 in this area.Mid-term  we aim to achieve an operating margin of at least 10% in each of our three areas. Thomas TriskaWhat financial goals does Vossloh aim for?We differentiate between medium- and long-term goals. In the medium term  we aim to achieve an operating margin of at least 10% in each of our three areas – we have already achieved this in Core Components. In the other two areas  this should be the case by 2025 but no later than 2026. Long-term  we envision a double-digit margin for the group as well. However  it should be noted that we provide some services within the holding company  so it is not sufficient for the group if all three business segments generate double-digit returns. This will take several more years.After nine months  despite higher investments compared to the previous year  free cash flow stood at 48.0 million euros  compared to minus 46.5 million in the previous year. What caused this change?The negative sign in the free cash flow in 2022 can be attributed to three reasons: Firstly  the year was marked by disruptions in many procurement markets  such as metals and energy  following the invasion of Russian troops into Ukraine on February 24th. As a result  we built up inventories to remain production and delivery-capable. This increased the working capital  which burdened the free cash flow. Naturally  the improvement in our operating results also contributes to a better free cash flow. Finally  in the second quarter of 2023  we implemented a program to optimize working capital – Cash 4 Growth – which also boosted cash flow.How did the free cash flow develop in the fourth quarter?We expect to report a positive free cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2023  especially since the fourth quarter is generally one of the better ones cash-wise in our industry.Revenue and earnings are expected to continue to grow. Will this be possible without an increase in working capital?We have an admittedly very ambitious goal to grow profitably in the coming years while maintaining or even reducing working capital. This is why we anticipate a growing free cash flow in the next few years despite relatively high investments in 2024 and 2025.Where in the group are investments expected in the foreseeable future?In our switch area  the utilization at many locations is very high  so we have decided to expand capacities here.Debt reduction relies on free cash flow. Could this possibly be jeopardized by the high investments?No. This significantly distinguishes Vossloh today from the state of the company several years ago. Today  we are able to reduce debt despite relatively high investments sustainably. In contrast  in the past  although positive cash flows were also generated  little remained for debt repayment after deducting interest  leasing  and dividend payments. Without exaggeration: We are now in a new phase of the company.All major topics have been addressed. Now  it's about managing the growth. Thomas TriskaVossloh has gone through difficult years and an extensive transformation. I'll mention  for example  the separation from locomotive production at the Kiel site  which involved significant write-downs. Is the restructuring now complete?If you're asking whether everything is now ideal in the company – certainly not. Naturally  there are areas where we still aim to improve. But the challenging phase in 2019  during which we had to implement a comprehensive restructuring program  is over. I can confidently say: All major issues have been addressed. Now  it's about managing growth.Net financial debt was significantly reduced in the first nine months of 2023 compared to the previous year  from 293 to 239 million euros. Did this trend continue in the final quarter? Do you aim for a specific ratio?Here  I must dampen expectations. In the full year  we will have only slightly reduced net financial debt. We pay attention to the ratio of net financial indebtedness to EBITDA  the so-called Net Leverage. Previously  we had such high values ​​that an investment-grade rating would have been questionable. This value has improved noticeably in 2023 thanks to the continued increase in EBITDA. It is expected to be around 1.5 or slightly below. This gives us the option  if interesting targets were available  to consider larger  partly leveraged acquisitions  as long as the Net Leverage does not sustainably exceed 2.75. At this level  it is undisputedly still investment-grade.After nine months  the equity ratio had increased from 43.6 to 45.0%. Is there a specific ratio or range that you aim for here?No. However  one thing to note here: In 2021  we issued a hybrid bond worth 150 million euros  which is accounted for as equity under IFRS. The bond can be redeemed for the first time in 2026. If we refinance the hybrid bond through debt  it would naturally reduce the equity ratio.Our priority is the long-term nature of external financing. Thomas TriskaCan you outline how Vossloh's external financing looks?Our priority is the long-term nature of external financing. We are currently negotiating with our eight house banks for a new syndicated loan. Specifically  these are BayernLB  BNP Paribas  Commerzbank  Deutsche Bank  Helaba  HSBC  LBBW  and SEB. The final negotiations are underway; the contracts are almost ready for signature. Our current syndicated loan runs until November 2024. Therefore  we wanted to establish this financing on a new foundation in good time. In addition  we are an established player in the Schuldschein market. We have various Schuldscheine outstanding with different maturities.Are you planning for larger investments in 2024?The investment volume before leasing measures will be around 10 million euros higher in 2024 than the previous year. This is mainly due to two projects: Firstly  a new factory construction in Sweden  which falls under the Customized Modules area  and secondly  a new factory construction in Australia  which is expected to start operations by the end of the year and also belongs to the Customized Modules area. In the Core Components area  however  we still have sufficient capacity  so we are currently not considering expansion investments here.Everywhere  there is talk of a shortage of skilled workers. How is it at Vossloh? Are there any differences between the over 40 locations in this regard? For example  the company headquarters in Werdohl  in the eastern Sauerland region  may not exert much appeal for many  especially young people. Dortmund  the nearest major city  is just under 60 kilometres away by car. What about attracting skilled workers or young talent in that regard?There are some very interesting and encouraging developments. Of course  we share the fate of other companies and must acknowledge that it is currently challenging to find qualified individuals  especially in the service business. However  many young people choose Vossloh because we stand for green mobility. But it's true  the situation in Werdohl is not easy. Additionally  due to a bridge demolition on the A45 motorway two years ago  the journey to and from Dortmund currently takes half an hour longer than usual. However  it's not as if we can't fill critical positions. It just sometimes takes longer than before  and there are also fewer applicants per position than before.Are acquisitions under consideration?We are looking at which product areas or regions we still have gaps in. These would not be significant acquisitions but rather consolidations. And then we also have to consider our market position: In the rail and switch sector  we are the number 1 or 2 in each market. Making a major acquisition in these areas is almost impossible due to competition law reasons. In the concrete sleeper sector  we are currently only active in North America and Australia; this raises the question of whether we should also expand into other regions. I see the greatest potential in services  specifically in the Lifecycle Solutions area. On the one hand  the market here is very fragmented  and on the other hand  rail-related services are very diverse  so we would most likely look to acquire in this area.Since November 2022  the Vossloh stock price has fluctuated within a relatively narrow range  ranging from just over 36 to nearly 45 euros. Do you view this positively  due to the low volatility favoured by institutional investors  or negatively  due to the lack of share price gains despite the favourable market environment for transportation infrastructure companies?I would go even further: Our stock price has been fluctuating around the 40 euro mark for about three years  even though during this time  we have added approximately 50 million euros to EBITDA and about 40 million euros to EBIT operationally. However  it is essential to note that in the past two years  the MDax and SDax have declined significantly while the Dax has gained. Considering this  the Vossloh stock has held up quite well. And one more note regarding the average EBITDA multiples in the railway industry: Historically  these have averaged between 9 and 10. Currently  Vossloh – thanks to the generally positive earnings development of recent years – is significantly below this value.I would venture to say that the somewhat disappointing stock price performance is also related to the still unresolved inheritance issue of your former main shareholder. Heinz Hermann Thiele  who held 50.1% of Vossloh  passed away in February 2021. What is the current status here?",neutral,0.04,0.85,0.1,mixed,0.25,0.27,0.48,True,English,"['economic fluctuation', 'small extent', 'net greenhouse gas emissions', 'comprehensive restructuring programme', 'environmentally friendly mobility', 'typical German problem', 'environmentally friendly transport', '1.125 to 1.2 billion euros', 'preliminary vital figures', '94 to 100 million euros', 'previous target range', 'railway infrastructure companies', 'current sales forecast', 'previous year', 'German economy', 'target ranges', '1.225 billion euros', '1.15 billion euros', '1.05 billion euros', '1 billion euros', 'preliminary figures', '94 million euros', 'economic fluctuation', 'small extent', 'Dr Triska', 'last time', 'operating result', 'mean value', 'rail infrastructure', 'last decade', 'important role', 'public debate', 'large sums', 'universal wear', 'political will', 'Thomas Triska', 'earlier stage', 'one thing', 'actual flow', 'planning processes', 'capacity utilisation', 'considerable delay', 'third performance', 'noticeable momentum', 'LuFV III', 'Federal Republic', 'Deutsche Bahn', 'long time', 'Green Deal', 'European Commission', 'pivotal role', 'climate-friendly mode', 'domestic share', 'many cases', 'end customer', 'rail fasteners', 'sleeper manufacturers', 'good shape', 'annual figures', 'final figures', 'investment announcements', 'investment planning', 'investment backlog', 'railway sector', 'many countries', 'long period', 'ten years', 'coming years', 'longer period', 'several years', 'total sales', 'past year', 'market environment', 'maintenance expenses', 'financing agreement', 'earnings guidance', 'EBIT margin', 'Group sales', 'replacement investments', '88 million', '78 million', 'Vossloh', 'publication', 'March', 'investors', 'revised', 'targets', 'rule', 'respect', 'probability', 'date', 'forecasts', 'October', 'revenue', 'turnover', 'interest', 'taxes', 'editor', 'note', 'gloom', 'parts', 'strategy', 'changes', 'middle', 'topic', 'money', 'tear', 'traffic', 'People', 'railways', 'half', 'eternity', 'Germany', 'funds', 'industry', 'example', 'orders', 'shortcomings', 'beginning', 'awarding', 'contracts', 'No.', 'movement', 'concept', 'USA', 'trend', 'undisputed', 'confidence', 'region', 'suppliers', 'customers', '1.175', '87', '2023']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,boersen-zeitung.de
36246,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cryptocurrency/24/02/37178417/could-bitcoin-smash-records-options-market-sees-20-chance-of-70k-by-april,Could Bitcoin Smash Records? Options Market Sees 20% Chance Of $70K By April,There is a 20% chance that Bitcoin BTC/USD could surpass the $70 000 mark by the end of April. That's according to data from the decentralized marketplace Lyra Finance.,"Loading... Loading...There is a 20% chance that Bitcoin BTC/USD could surpass the $70 000 mark by the end of April.That's according to data from the decentralized marketplace Lyra Finance.What Happened: ""Lyra’s markets are implying a roughly 20% chance of Bitcoin hitting fresh all-time highs (trading higher than $70 000) by April 26 "" Lyra founder Nick Forster told Coindesk.The prediction might catch some off guard  especially considering Bitcoin's 35% increase to $52 000  marking its highest point since late 2021.This uptrend is driven by significant investments into U.S.-based spot ETFs  showcasing strong bullish momentum.The broader sentiment among cryptocurrency traders suggests possible further increases in Bitcoin's value.This optimism is partly due to the expansive U.S. fiscal policy  which is seen as a counterbalance to rising interest rates.Additionally  the anticipated mining reward halving in April is seen as favorable factors for risk-taking in the financial markets.Also Read: Deutsche Börse Subsidiary Crypto Finance Unlocks New Era In German Crypto ServicesWhy It Matters: Options  as financial derivatives  offer insights into market expectations.These instruments allow buyers to purchase or sell an asset at a set price in the future  without obligation. The pricing of options can reveal where experienced traders predict the market will move in the near term.Loading... Loading...Lyra stands as the largest decentralized platform for crypto options  commanding half of the global decentralized exchange (DEX) options volume  which reached $32 million in the past 24 hours  according to DeFiLlama.The platform recently introduced Bitcoin options set to expire on April 26  coinciding with the anticipated reward halving.Forster said  ""Early trading activity [in the April 26 expiry] has been concentrated in the upside  with call buyers lighting up the $64 000 and $70 000 strikes "" indicating a bullish outlook from traders on the future price of Bitcoin.Read Next: Bankrupt Genesis Gets Green Light To Liquidate $1.38 Billion In Grayscale Trust SharesImage: Illustrated with MidJourney",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.85,0.07,True,English,"['Options Market', 'Bitcoin', 'Records', '20% Chance', 'April', 'Deutsche Börse Subsidiary Crypto Finance', 'U.S.-based spot ETFs', 'expansive U.S. fiscal policy', 'Grayscale Trust Shares Image', 'Lyra founder Nick Forster', 'German Crypto Services', 'fresh all-time highs', 'rising interest rates', 'global decentralized exchange', 'strong bullish momentum', 'mining reward halving', 'DEX) options volume', 'largest decentralized platform', 'Lyra Finance', 'crypto options', 'decentralized marketplace', 'bullish outlook', 'highest point', 'significant investments', 'broader sentiment', 'favorable factors', 'New Era', 'financial derivatives', 'near term', 'past 24 hours', 'trading activity', 'Bankrupt Genesis', 'Green Light', 'cryptocurrency traders', 'experienced traders', 'financial markets', 'market expectations', 'call buyers', 'Bitcoin BTC/USD', 'April 26 expiry', 'Bitcoin options', 'future price', '20% chance', '$70,000 mark', 'end', 'data', 'Coindesk', 'prediction', 'guard', '35% increase', 'late', 'possible', 'increases', 'value', 'optimism', 'counterbalance', 'risk-taking', 'insights', 'instruments', 'asset', 'obligation', 'pricing', 'half', 'DeFiLlama', 'upside', '$70,000 strikes', 'Billion', 'MidJourney', '$64,000']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,benzinga.com
36247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-adjusted-EPS-up-5-9-in-2023-45964874/,Euronext: adjusted EPS up 5.9% in 2023 -February 15  2024 at 12:09 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Euronext reports sales of 1474 ME for the 2023 financial year  up +3.9% on 2022 and +1.6% on a like-for-like basis.At the same time  adjusted EBITDA rose anecdotally by 0.4% to ME 864  suggesting an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6% .The Gr…,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.3 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2022  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext', 'EPS', 'February', '12:09', 'two spot FX matching engines', '6.3 trillion combined market capitalization', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Not-easy-to-spur-bourse-mergers-to-deepen-EU-capital-market-says-Euronext-45965273/,Not easy to spur bourse mergers to deepen EU capital market  says Euronext,"(marketscreener.com) The ""gap"" betweenpolicymakers wanting bourse mergers to deepen EU capitalmarkets  and the demands of private shareholders makes it hardto push through consolidation  Euronext said on Thursday. Euro zone finance ministers want Brussels…","LONDON (Reuters) - The ""gap"" between policymakers wanting bourse mergers to deepen EU capital markets  and the demands of private shareholders makes it hard to push through consolidation  Euronext said on Thursday.Euro zone finance ministers want Brussels to assess  and potentially address  barriers to exchange mergers in a region with a plethora of trading platforms  a draft document on Thursday showed.""We welcome any initiative that promotes consolidation of market infrastructure in Europe "" Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah told Reuters.Euronext marks 10 years as a listed company  the result of many bourse takeovers  but Boujnah said that currently there were ""not many willing sellers"" in the sector  and that Euronext is not a buyer at any price.""There is a gap to be bridged in due course between the sort of vision of policymakers  which is a vision we share that consolidation makes Europe more relevant  and reality of ownership  strategy and platforms that create different dynamics "" he added.Euronext's ""very preliminary"" dialogue with Deutsche Boerse on a joint liquidity pool in stocks were paused due to ""very fundamental capital market reasons""  and not because of regulatory issues that needed fixing  Boujnah said.Boujnah suggested better channelling of savings into EU companies  and proceeding ""promptly"" towards single EU supervision for markets to end different national interpretations of EU rules that create barriers.Finance ministers are considering both.A prospectus for issuance that can be used cross-border would also help  he said  adding he was ""optimistic"" about Euronext's IPOs pipeline.""When you vaccinate your dog  and you cross the border with a pet you have a single vaccination certificate across Europe  but when you want to do an IPO  you don't have a single prospectus "" Boujnah said.Euronext on Thursday reported full year earnings for 2023  saying that good progress with integrating the Milan Exchange bought in 2021  with ""run rate synergies"" of 74 million euros ($79.62 million)  ahead of its 70 million euro target.Full-year revenue and income rose 3.9% to 1.47 billion euros  and the recommended dividend equal to half of reported net income  or 2.48 euros per share  is up 11.7% on 2022.Euronext expects 2024 underlying expenses  excluding depreciation and amortisation  of around 625 million euros.($1 = 0.9295 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by David Evans)By Huw Jones",negative,0.08,0.37,0.54,negative,0.1,0.35,0.55,True,English,"['EU capital market', 'bourse mergers', 'Euronext', 'fundamental capital market reasons', 'Euro zone finance ministers', 'Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'many willing sellers', 'joint liquidity pool', 'full year earnings', 'run rate synergies', '70 million euro target', 'single vaccination certificate', 'many bourse takeovers', 'different national interpretations', 'single EU supervision', 'EU capital markets', 'market infrastructure', 'different dynamics', 'EU companies', 'EU rules', 'single prospectus', 'bourse mergers', 'private shareholders', 'draft document', 'listed company', 'due course', 'preliminary"" dialogue', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'regulatory issues', 'IPOs pipeline', 'good progress', 'Milan Exchange', 'Full-year revenue', '2024 underlying expenses', 'Huw Jones', 'David Evans', '625 million euros', 'trading platforms', 'net income', '1.47 billion euros', '2.48 euros', '0.9295 euros', 'LONDON', 'Reuters', 'gap', 'policymakers', 'demands', 'consolidation', 'Thursday', 'Brussels', 'barriers', 'region', 'plethora', 'initiative', 'Europe', '10 years', 'result', 'sector', 'buyer', 'price', 'sort', 'reality', 'ownership', 'strategy', 'stocks', 'channelling', 'savings', 'issuance', 'dog', 'border', 'pet', 'dividend', 'half', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', '74']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830234/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2023-results.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 results,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 resultsStrong results demonstrating benefits of Euronext’s diversified business model. 2023 costs better than revised guidance. €74 million cumulated run-rate synergies delivered  above the 2023 interim guidance of €70 million.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 15 February 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023.Full year 2023 revenue and income 1 was up +3.9% at €1 474.7 million (+0.5% compared to 2022 underlying revenue and income): Strong performance of non-volume related revenue representing 60% of total revenue 2 and income (vs. 57% in 2022) and covering 145% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 2 (vs. 133% in 2022): Technology Solutions reported €109.9 million of revenue (+9.8%)  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of colocation services following the migration of the Core Data Centre to Bergamo  Italy; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million (+6.0%)  driven by a strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products; Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €248.9 million (+2.4%)  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This was partly offset by lower settlement volumes and the negative FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +5.5%; Listing revenue grew to €220.6 million (+1.0%)  thanks to the continued expansion of the Corporate Services offering. In 2023  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 64 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Listing performance was negatively impacted by FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +3.2%.Clearing revenue was stable year-on-year at €121.3 million  thanks to the additional business captured by Euronext Clearing following its expansion for equities on 27 November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing  that offset softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €46.7 million (+6.0% compared to 2022 underlying net treasury income 1 ).). Trading revenue was €490.0 million (-4.7%)  reflecting the softer environment for cash trading (€265.4 million  -12.0%) and derivatives trading (€54.2 million  -7.2%) offset by record results in fixed income (€107.4 million  +15.6%) and power trading (€37.4 million  +14.5%).Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 2 were €610.0 million (+0.6%)   better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million 3 due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million.  better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. Adjusted EBITDA 2 was €864.7 million (+0.4%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.6% (-0.1 pts).Adjusted net income 2 was €584.7 million (+5.3%) and adjusted EPS was €5.51 (+5.9%).Reported net income was €513.6 million (+17.3%)  reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022.reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022. Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.0x at the end of 2023 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 1.9x .. Key figures for full year 2023:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 % var % var l-f-l4 Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income1 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Great progress with Borsa Italiana Group integration leads to accelerated synergies delivery: €74 million of cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were achieved at end of 2023  above the €70 million interim target. €26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were delivered in Q4 2023  mainly related to the first phase of the Euronext Clearing European expansion to equity clearing. €103 million cumulated implementation costs were incurred since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  of which €8 million were incurred during Q4 2023 . Euronext successfully expanded Euronext Clearing as the pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash markets. Following the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. Euronext Clearing now clears equities  ETFs  structured products  warrants  and bonds across six Euronext markets. The implementation of harmonised clearing allows market participants to streamline their entire trade lifecycle within Euronext and to leverage on Euronext Securities to access T2S. Euronext is well on track for the delivery of the last major milestones of the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan in 2024. The migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq ® in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed financial and commodities derivatives by Q3 2024 will significantly contribute to reaching the targeted €115 million synergies by end of 2024.Dividend proposal:A dividend of €256.8 million will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2024. This represents 50% of 2023 reported net income  in line with Euronext’s dividend policy. Based on the number of outstanding shares at the end of 2023  this represents a dividend of €2.48 per share  up +11.7% compared to 2022.Cost guidance for 2024:In 2023  underlying expenses excluding D&A were positively impacted by a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million and by a positive impact of €11.4 million from the NOK depreciation. Consequently  Euronext reported €610.0 million underlying expenses excluding D&A in 2023  compared to an initial guidance of €630 million.In 2024  Euronext will continue its costs control policy and expects that savings and synergies will offset inflation and 2023 costs ramp-up. As a result  Euronext expects its 2024 underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €625 million  including around €10 million to finance growth projects and excluding potential impact from FX over the year.Continued innovation in trading with the launch of Euronext Mid-Point MatchFollowing the successful opening of the test environment for Euronext’s new dark trading facility at the end of January 2024  Euronext confirms the launch of Dark  Mid-Point and Sweep functionalities in Q1 20245. The whole Euronext ecosystem of trading members  local brokers  market makers and global banks  will benefit from zero latency in pegging to Euronext midpoint  and zero latency for sweeping from dark to lit on Euronext stocks.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2023  Euronext reached record revenue and income close to €1.5 billion. Robust organic growth in our non-volume related businesses and double-digit growth in fixed income and power trading drove Group revenue's growth to +3.9%  despite negative FX impacts and the softer cash trading environment. Despite an inflationary environment  Euronext was able to finance growth projects and to beat its revised cost guidance. This was allowed by our trademark cost discipline  FX impacts and a one-off release. We reached an adjusted EBITDA of €864.7 million  which translated into an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%. Our strong operating performance  combined with around €56 million of capital gains  allowed our net reported profit to grow double-digit to €513.6 million  and our adjusted EPS to increase by +5.9% to €5.51. In line with our dividend policy  we will propose a total dividend of €256.8 million  representing 50% of our reported net income  at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2024. Our strong cash generation capabilities have enabled us to already return €200 million of capital to our shareholders through the share repurchase programme implemented during the second half of 2023. We continued our deleveraging path as we reached a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9x at the end of 2023  down from 3.2x post acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.We have made great progress with the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. We have expanded Euronext Clearing as a pan-European clearing house for the clearing of cash products. This new harmonised post-trade set-up allows clients to execute their entire trading lifecycle through Euronext.These strategic milestones have materially contributed to the €74 million cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies delivered by the end of 2023  ahead of the €70 million interim guidance.The migration of Borsa Italiana’s derivatives to Optiq in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed derivatives by Q3 2024 will complete our presence on the entire trading value chain and will position Euronext ideally to capture future growth opportunities.As we celebrate the 10 year anniversary of our IPO in 2024  I am looking forward to deep-dive into the opportunities that this transformation will offer for Euronext in the coming years at our Investors Day in November 2024.”2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2023 FY 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income6 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Listing 220.6 218.4 +1.0% +3.2% Trading revenue  of which 490.0 514.1 -4.7% -3.8% Cash trading 265.4 301.7 -12.0% -12.0% Derivatives trading 54.2 58.4 -7.2% -7.0% Fixed income trading 107.4 93.0 +15.6% +15.8% FX trading 25.6 28.4 -10.0% -7.8% Power trading 37.4 32.7 +14.5% +29.3% Investor Services 11.4 9.6 +18.5% +21.1% Advanced Data Services 224.8 212.1 +6.0% +6.2% Post-Trade  of which 370.2 364.5 +1.6% +3.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% -0.1% Custody and Settlement 248.9 243.1 +2.4% +5.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 109.9 100.1 +9.8% +8.8% NTI through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) -1049.8% +6.0% Other income 1.4 1.5 -9.0% -8.9% Transitional revenues (0.2) 3.4 -106.5% -106.5% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (688.3) (633.4) +8.7% +3.3% EBITDA 786.4 785.4 +0.1% +0.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (170.1) (160.2) +6.2% +8.9% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (858.5) (793.6) +8.2% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 790.4 792.8 -0.3% -0.3% Operating Profit 616.2 625.3 -1.4% Net financing income / (expense) (0.2) (29.7) -99.4% Results from equity investments 83.1 18.7 +344.7% Profit before income tax 699.1 614.2 +13.8% Income tax expense (162.7) (163.6) -0.6% Share of non-controlling interests (22.8) (12.8) +78.3% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders7 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Share count differs between the two periods2023 revenue and incomeIn 2023  Euronext’s underlying revenue and income was €1 474.7 million  up +0.5% compared to 2022  resulting from strong performance of non-volume related activities  offsetting the softer cash trading environment and negative impact from the NOK depreciation over the year. 2023 total revenue and income was up +3.9%  reflecting the Q3 2022 one-off loss in net treasury income related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio1.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was up +1.6% in 2023  at €1 469.7 million  compared to 2022.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of underlying Group revenue in 2023  up +9.7% compared to 2022 underlying non-volume related revenue  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and the challenging environment for cash and derivatives trading. Non-volume-related underlying revenue covered 145% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A  compared to 133% in 2022.2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly to €610.0 million  up +0.6%. 2023 underlying expenses were positively impacted by cost discipline  the NOK depreciation over the year and a positive one-off accruals release in Q4 2023 of €6.3 million. This entirely offset inflationary pressures and costs incurred to support new growth initiatives.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +3.3% compared to 2022  which highlights the positive impact of the NOK on the 2023 reported cost base.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the year totalled €864.7 million  up +0.4% compared to 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%  stable compared to 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2023 was up +0.4%  to €874.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 59.5%  down -0.7 points compared to 2022.2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €170.1 million in 2023  up +6.2%  resulting from ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €82.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.2023 adjusted operating profit was €790.4 million  down -0.3% compared to 2022 adjusted operating profit.€174.2 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2023 was €0.2 million compared to a net financing expense of €29.7 million in 2022. This decrease resulted from the higher interest income from cash held in Q3 and Q4 2023  offsetting the cost of issued debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €83.1 million in 2023  resulting from the €41.6 million tax-exempted non-underlying capital gain in relation to the disposal of Euronext’s stake in LCH SA and the €11.4 million tax-exempted capital gain in relation to the disposal from Euronext’s investment in Tokeny  as well as the dividend received from Euroclear and Sicovam. In 2022  Euronext reported €18.7 million in results from equity investments  reflecting the dividend received from Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for 2023 was €162.7 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 23.3% for 2023  positively impacted by the tax-exempted capital gains recorded in Q3 and Q4 2023 (2022: €163.6 million and 26.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €22.8 million in 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +17.3% for 2023 compared to 2022  to €513.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €4.84 basic and €4.83 diluted in 2023  compared to €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022. This increase reflects the strong results and a lower number of shares over 2023 compared to 2022.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.3% to €584.7 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +5.9% in 2023  at €5.51 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.21 per share in 2022. This increase reflects Euronext’s strong performance and a lower number of outstanding shares over 2023 due to Euronext’s share repurchase programme.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €826.1 million  compared to €616.5 million in 2022  resulting from higher profit before tax  lower income tax and positive changes in working capital. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 90.9% of EBITDA in 2023.2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Listing revenue 220.6 218.4 +1.0% Equity 105.1 108.5 -3.1% o/w Annual fees 69.0 68.4 +0.8% o/w Follow-ons 20.8 20.8 -0.1% o/w IPOs 15.4 19.3 -20.3% Debts 36.0 36.6 -1.6% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 23.3 22.7 +2.9% Corporate Services 45.4 39.5 +14.9% ELITE and Other 10.8 11.1 -2.9%Listing revenue was €220.6 million in 2023  an increase of +1.0% compared to 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than offsetting the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.Money raised (€m) FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Equity listings 2 480 3 751 -34% Follow-ons 21 101 28 666 -26% Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20% Listed securities FY 2023 FY 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 64 83 -23% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +3% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +4%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging context with 64 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe in 2023. Equity listing revenue was solid at €105.1 million  primarily supported by revenue from higher annual fees revenue and several large follow-on transactions.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +14.9% compared to 2022 to €45.4 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products more than offsetting lower webcast activities.Debt listing activity was solid with revenue at €36.0 million  reflecting a better second half of 2023 with a more stable debt market and higher interest rate. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing with 494 new ESG bonds listed over the year  an increase of over 20% from 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.2% compared to 2022.Trading Cash tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 265.4 301.7 -12.0% ADV Cash market8 (€m) 10 053 11 667 -13.8%Cash trading revenue decreased by -12.0% to €265.4 million in 2023  reflecting the strong comparison base for cash trading in the first semester  partly offset by the positive impact of the migration of cash markets to Optiq® and efficient market share and revenue capture.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash equity trading averaged 65.1%  well above the indicated floor of at least 63%. Euronext average cash trading yield was 0.52 bps for the whole year  in line with the guidance despite the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana’s fee scheme prior to the Optiq® migration on 27 March 2023. Post migration of the Italian markets to Optiq®  the yield over the last 9 months of 2023 averaged 0.53 bps  above the indicated floor.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -12.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Derivatives tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 54.2 58.4 -7.2% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 619 244 695 410 -11.0% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 528 368 616 092 -14.2% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 90 876 79 318 +14.6%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -7.2% to €54.2 million in 2023  as a result of the low volatility environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the strong performance of the commodities franchise.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading increased to €0.34 per lot in 2023  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering and a positive mix impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -7.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Fixed income tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 107.4 93.0 +15.6% o/w MTS Cash 67.1 59.5 +12.7% o/w MTS Repo 25.2 21.6 +17.1% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 436 039 353 700 +23.3% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 266 939 +34.8%Fixed income trading reported record revenue at €107.4 million in 2023  up +15.6% compared to 2022  reflecting a strong performance across the offering in a supportive economic environment. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +15.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.FX tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 25.6 28.4 -10.0% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 22 450 22 507 -0.3%FX trading revenues were at €25.6 million in 2023  down -10.0% compared to a record performance in 2022. This decrease reflects the lower volatility in the first three quarters of the year and negative FX impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -7.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.Power tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 37.4 32.7 +14.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Power trading reported record revenue at €37.4 million in 2023  representing a strong growth of +14.5% compared to 2022  driven by a strong increase in intraday volumes and continued geographic expansion. This performance more than offsets the negative impact of the NOK.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +29.3% compared to 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported record revenue at €11.4 million revenue in 2023  representing a +18.5% increase compared to 2022  resulting from successful organic growth of the product portfolio.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +21.1% compared to 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million in 2023  up +6.0% from 2022  driven by the strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.2% compared to 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 370.2 364.2 +1.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 71.8 75.8 -5.3% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 49.5 45.6 +8.7% Net treasury income through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) +1049.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 248.9 243.1 +2.4%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 83 486 969 84 125 615 -0.8% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 27 17725 675+5.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 13 732 5289 295 452+47.7% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 25 244 66927 103 615-6.9%Clearing revenue was stable at €121.3 million in 2023  reflecting the positive impact of the Euronext Clearing European expansion for equities in November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing. This performance offsets softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes and lower treasury income received from LCH SA.In 2023  Euronext Clearing revenue included €5.6 million from derivatives clearing  €16.6 million from equities clearing  and €13.6 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was stable compared to 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income was €46.7 million in 2023. As a reminder  2022 net treasury income was impacted by the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio  which resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss in 2022  net treasury income was up +6.0% in 2023 compared to 2022  reflecting the implementation of the new investment strategy for Euronext Clearing.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity FY 2023 FY 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 123 587 470126 315 368-2.2%Assets under Custody (in € bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €248.9 million in 2023  up +2.4% compared to 2022  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This performance offset the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +5.5% compared to 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €109.9 million in 2023  up +9.8% from 2022  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of the colocation activity following the Core Data Centre migration to Bergamo.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +8.8% compared to 2022.Q4 2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 374.1 347.0 +7.8% +9.1% Listing 56.2 53.5 +5.0% +6.9% Trading revenue  of which 124.5 116.3 +7.1% +8.5% Cash trading 64.1 65.1 -1.6% -1.6% Derivatives trading 12.8 13.4 -4.4% -4.3% Fixed income trading 30.6 22.1 +38.0% +39.2% FX trading 6.7 6.7 -0.5% +4.8% Power trading 10.4 8.9 +16.9% +30.8% Investor Services 3.0 2.6 +15.7% +16.6% Advanced Data Services 56.1 54.5 +3.0% +3.2% Post-Trade  of which 94.6 88.6 +6.8% +8.9% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% +11.5% Custody and Settlement 62.3 59.6 +4.6% +8.9% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 27.6 26.9 +2.6% +1.8% NTI through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% +171.4% Other income 0.5 0.3 +61.2% +59.7% Transitional revenues (0.0) 0.1 Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (157.8) (159.2) -0.9% +1.9% Adjusted EBITDA 216.3 187.9 +15.2% +14.8% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.8% 54.1% +3.7pts +2.9pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (173.3) (170.2) +1.9% +4.6% EBITDA 200.8 176.9 +13.6% +13.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (45.6) (42.6) +7.0% +4.1% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (218.9) (212.8) +2.9% +5.4% Adjusted operating profit 196.3 168.4 +16.6% +16.0% Operating Profit 155.2 134.2 +15.6% Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (6.0) +177.8% Results from equity investments 17.0 12.6 +35.1% Profit before income tax 176.9 140.8 +25.7% Income tax expense (40.0) (38.5) +4.0% Share of non-controlling interests (6.4) (3.0) +109.0% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 130.6 99.3 +31.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders9 148.2 118.2 +25.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.42 1.11 +27.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 1.25 0.93 +34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.41 1.10 +27.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 1.24 0.93 +34.1%Share count differs between the two periodsQ4 2023 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2023  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €374.1 million  up +7.8% compared to Q4 2022  driven by record performance in fixed income trading  robust results in non-volume related businesses and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income was up +9.1% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €373.7 million.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2023  stable compared to Q4 2022  reflecting continued strong performance of non-volume-related revenue and strong growth in fixed income trading and volume-related clearing activity. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 141% in Q4 2023  compared to 130% in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -0.9% to €157.8 million  reflecting cost discipline in an inflationary environment  the positive impact from the NOK depreciation over the year and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting mainly the NOK impact.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €216.3 million  up +15.2% compared to Q4 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.8%  up +3.7 points compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2023 was up +14.8%  to €219.2 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.7%  up +2.9 points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €45.6 million in Q4 2023  +7.0% more than in Q4 2022 due to ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.4 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €196.3 million  up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +16.0% compared to Q4 2022  at €199.2 million.€41.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2023  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q4 2023 was €4.7 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.0 million in Q4 2022. This decrease results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates  offsetting the cost of debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €17.0 million in Q4 2023  representing the capital gain related to the disposal of the stake in Tokeny and the dividend received from Sicovam. As a reminder  in Q4 2022  Euronext reported €12.6 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2023 was €40.0 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 22.6% for the quarter  reflecting the positive impact of the tax-exempted one-off capital gain from the disposal of the Tokeny stake (Q4 2022: €38.5 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €6.4 million in Q4 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +31.5% for Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €130.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.25 basic and €1.24 diluted in Q4 2023  compared to €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +25.3% to €148.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +27.9% in Q4 2023  at €1.42 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.11 per share in Q4 2022. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the fourth quarter of 2022.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In Q4 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €194.5 million  compared to a negative cash flow of €147.1 million in Q4 2022  reflecting lower negative changes in working capital from short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 87.4% of EBITDA in Q4 2023.Q4 2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Listing revenue 56.2 53.5 +5.0% Equity 26.6 27.0 -1.2% o/w Annual fees 17.1 16.7 +2.4% o/w Follow-ons 5.8 6.3 -8.2% o/w IPOs 3.7 4.0 -5.8% Debts 9.1 9.0 +1.4% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.9 5.8 +2.0% Corporate Services 12.3 9.6 +28.8% ELITE and Other 2.2 2.2 -0.7%Listing revenue was €56.2 million in Q4 2023  an increase of +5.0% compared to Q4 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.9% compared to Q4 2022.Money raised (€m) Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Equity listings 247 310 -21% Follow-ons 6 875 10 237 -33% Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28%Listed securities Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 13 24 -46% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +2.8% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +3.9%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging environment with 13 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe with 50% of European listings. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million  primarily supported by higher annual fees revenue.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +28.8% compared to Q4 2022 to €12.3 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products and strong conference activities in Milan.Debt listing activity was strong with revenue at €9.1 million  supported by banking and corporate debt listing activities. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing and pursued its momentum in ESG bond listing with 123 new ESG bonds listed over the quarter.Trading Cash tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 64.1 65.1 -1.6% ADV Cash market10 (€m) 9 558 9 967 -4.1%Cash trading revenue decreased by -1.6% to €64.1 million in Q4 2023  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by efficient management of market share and revenue capture.Over the fourth quarter of 2023  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  above the floor of at least 0.52 bps  supported by the migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq® and the continued low volume environment. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.2% in Q4 2023  above the 2023 floor of at least 63%. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -1.6%.Derivatives tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 12.8 13.4 -4.4% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 894 622 975 -3.9% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 506 716 550 517 -8.0% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 92 178 72 457 +27.2%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -4.4% to €12.8 million in Q4 2023  due to the soft volume environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the continued strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -4.3% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022.Fixed income tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 30.6 22.1 +38.0% o/w MTS Cash 19.6 12.8 +52.5% o/w MTS Repo 6.3 5.6 +13.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 469 134 397 003 +18.2% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 504 1 177 +27.9%Fixed income recorded record revenue at €30.6 million in Q4 2023  up +38.0% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting record quarterly volumes at MTS driven by an economic environment favouring money markets and supportive volatility.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +39.2% compared to Q4 2022.FX tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 6.7 6.7 -0.5% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FX trading revenue was stable at €6.7 million in Q4 2023 as higher volumes were offset by FX impact .On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +4.8% compared to Q4 2022.Power tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 10.4 8.9 +16.9% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.25 0.13 +89.1%Power trading revenue reached a record level at €10.4 million in Q4 2023  up +16.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting all-time-high in intraday volumes and strong day-ahead volumes.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +30.8% compared to Q4 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €3.0 million revenue in Q4 2023  representing a +15.7% increase compared to Q4 2022  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €56.1 million in Q4 2023  up +3.0% from Q4 2022  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +3.2% compared to Q4 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 94.6 88.6 +6.8% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 17.8 18.7 -4.8% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 14.6 10.4 +40.2% Net treasury income through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 62.3 59.6 +4.6%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 30 675 375 17 079 703 +79.6% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 7 1186 364+11.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 3 888 8983 136 562+24.0% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 5 691 3386 043 292-5.8%Clearing revenue was up +11.5% to €32.3 million in Q4 2023  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023 and to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023  as well as dynamic bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.2 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +11.5% compared to Q4 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income (NTI) amounted to €11.7 million in Q4 2023  slightly below Q3 2023 levels due to the introduction of the VaR-based margin methodology at Euronext Clearing. The +171.4% increase compared to Q4 2022 reflects the positive comparison base linked to the Euronext Clearing portfolio disposal between Q2 2022 and Q4 2023.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 30 507 967 29 285 554 +4.2% Assets under Custody (in €bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €62.3 million in Q4 2023  up +4.6% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting higher assets under custody  a growing number of settlement instructions and continued growth of the services offering  absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +8.9% compared to Q4 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €27.6 million in Q4 2023  up +2.6% from Q4 2022  driven by continued good performance of the colocation business following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets over 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +1.8% compared to Q4 2022.Q4 2023 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2023 results on 8 November 2023Successful expansion of Euronext Clearing as pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash marketsFollowing the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext successfully expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. This major step paves the way for the expansion of Euronext Clearing activities to Euronext’s listed and commodity derivatives in Q3 2024.Disposal of minority investment in TokenyAs part of its ongoing review of strategic assets  Euronext has disposed of its minority investment in Tokeny  a tokenisation platform on 1 December 2023. Euronext’s 18.93% stake in Tokeny was sold to the global fund administration company Apex.This sale generated a €11.4 million capital gain in Q4 2023.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2024Euronext completes €200 million share repurchase programmeOn 3 January 2024  Euronext announced the completion of its share repurchase programme announced on 27 July 2023. Between 31 July 2023 and 3 January 2024  2 870 787 shares  or approximately 2.7% of Euronext’s share capital  were repurchased at an average price of €69.67 per share. All shares repurchased as part of the programme will be cancelled.This repurchase programme was executed by a financial intermediary in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and based on the authority granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 17 May 2023.Euronext volumes January 2024In January 2024  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 373 million  down -5.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 576 875 lots  down -7.8% compared to January 2023  and the open interest was 22 074 323 contracts at the end of January 2024  up +1.2% compared to January 2023.The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $24.9 billion  up +26.9% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +67.2% to €32.3 billion in January 2024  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €483 767 million  up +16.5% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 19 411 073 shares in January 2024  +233.4% compared to January 2023. €2 708 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +17.2% compared to the same period in 2023. 1 309 166 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +16.8% compared to January 2023. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -23.5% compared to January 2023  at 1 888 243 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 354 917 settlement instructions in January 2024  +2.1% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.6 trillion in January 2024  up +5.3%.2024 Investor DayEuronext confirms it will hold an Investor Day in November 2024 to release its new strategic plan. The exact date and location will be announced in due course.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 16 February 2024  at 09:30 CET (Paris time) / 08:30 GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2023 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2023 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2023 Q4 2022 FY 2023 FY 2022 Net income reported 130.6 99.3 513.6 437.8 EPS reported 1.25 0.93 4.84 4.10 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (15.5) (11.0) (78.3) (27.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (25.6) (23.1) (95.9) (91.4) of which Net financing expense (0.0) 3.1 (0.2) 2.3 of which results from equity investments 11.4 (0.0) 53.0 (1.5) of which Minority interest 1.1 3.9 4.1 4.6 Tax related to adjustments 11.1 8.2 46.2 44.7 Adjusted net income 148.2 118.2 584.7 555.3 Adjusted EPS 1.42 1.11 5.51 5.21The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2023 Q4 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 374.1 0.0 374.1 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 Listing 56.2 - 56.2 53.5 - 53.5 Trading revenue  of which 124.5 - 124.5 116.3 - 116.3 Cash trading 64.1 - 64.1 65.1 - 65.1 Derivatives trading 12.8 - 12.8 13.4 - 13.4 Fixed income trading 30.6 - 30.6 22.1 - 22.1 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.7 - 6.7 Power trading 10.4 - 10.4 8.9 - 8.9 Investor services 3.0 - 3.0 2.6 - 2.6 Advanced data services 56.1 - 56.1 54.5 - 54.5 Post-Trade  of which 94.6 - 94.6 88.6 - 88.6 Clearing 32.3 - 32.3 29.0 - 29.0 Custody & Settlement and other 62.3 - 62.3 59.6 - 59.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 27.6 - 27.6 26.9 0.0 26.9 Net Financing Income through CCP business 11.7 - 11.7 4.3 - 4.3 Other income 0.5 0.0 0.5 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 Transitional revenues (0.0) - (0.0) 0.1 (0.0) 0.1 Operating expenses excluding D&A (157.8) (15.5) (173.3) (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) Salaries and employee benefits (85.6) (7.8) (93.3) (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) Other operational expenses  of which (72.2) (7.8) (80.0) (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) System & communication (23.1) (2.0) (25.1) (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) Professional services (12.8) (4.7) (17.5) (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.8) - (8.8) Accommodation (6.0) (0.2) (6.2) (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) Other operational expenses (21.5) (0.9) (22.3) (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) EBITDA 216.3 (15.5) 200.8 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 EBITDA margin 57.8% 53.7% 54.1% 51.0% Depreciation & amortisation (20.0) (25.6) (45.6) (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) Total expenses (177.8) (41.1) (218.9) (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) Operating profit 196.3 (41.1) 155.2 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (0.0) 4.7 (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) Results from equity investment 5.6 11.4 17.0 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 Profit before income tax 206.6 (29.7) 176.9 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 Income tax expense (51.0) 11.1 (40.0) (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) Non-controlling interests (7.4) 1.1 (6.4) (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 148.2 (17.6) 130.6 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 EPS (basic  in €) 1.42 1.25 1.11 0.93 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.41 1.24 1.10 0.93FY 2023 FY 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 474.7 0.0 1 474.7 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 Listing 220.6 - 220.6 218.4 - 218.4 Trading revenue  of which 490.0 - 490.0 514.1 - 514.1 Cash trading 265.4 - 265.4 301.7 - 301.7 Derivatives trading 54.2 - 54.2 58.4 - 58.4 Fixed income trading 107.4 - 107.4 93.0 - 93.0 FX trading 25.6 - 25.6 28.4 - 28.4 Power trading 37.4 - 37.4 32.7 - 32.7 Investor services 11.4 - 11.4 9.6 - 9.6 Advanced data services 224.8 - 224.8 212.1 - 212.1 Post-Trade  of which 370.2 - 370.2 364.5 - 364.5 Clearing 121.3 - 121.3 121.4 - 121.4 Custody & Settlement and other 248.9 - 248.9 243.1 - 243.1 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 109.9 0.0 109.9 100.1 0.0 100.1 Net Financing Income through CCP business 46.7 - 46.7 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) Other income 1.4 0.0 1.4 1.5 0.0 1.5 Transitional revenues (0.2) - (0.2) 3.4 0.0 3.4 Operating expenses excluding D&A (610.0) (78.3) (688.3) (606.1) (27.2) (633.4) Salaries and employee benefits (319.5) (12.9) (332.4) (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) Other operational expenses  of which (290.6) (65.4) (355.9) (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) System & communication (94.9) (7.8) (102.6) (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) Professional services (58.3) (18.2) (76.5) (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) Clearing expense (34.5) - (34.5) (35.6) - (35.6) Accommodation (17.9) (0.8) (18.7) (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) Other operational expenses (85.0) (38.6) (123.6) (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) EBITDA 864.7 (78.3) 786.4 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 EBITDA margin 58.6% 53.3% 58.7% 55.4% Depreciation & amortisation (74.2) (95.9) (170.1) (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) Total expenses (684.3) (174.2) (858.5) (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) Operating profit 790.4 (174.2) 616.2 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 Net financing income / (expense) 0.1 (0.2) (0.2) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) Results from equity investment 30.0 53.0 83.1 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 Profit before income tax 820.5 (121.4) 699.1 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 Income tax expense (208.9) 46.2 (162.7) (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) Non-controlling interests (26.9) 4.1 (22.8) (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 (71.1) 513.6 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 EPS (basic  in €) 5.51 4.84 5.21 4.10 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.50 4.83 5.19 4.10Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit for the period 136.9 102.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1.9) (3.1) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.5 0.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.5 21.4 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.2) (6.1) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 7.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.8) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (4.1) 1.0 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.5 (0.1) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (4.8) 20.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 132.1 122.7 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 125.6 119.8 – Non-controlling interests 6.5 22.9The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2023 FY 2022 Profit for the period 536.4 450.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (57.8) (29.4) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 6.3 2.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.1 (40.3) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.0) (2.4) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 11.9 42.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (3.1) (8.5) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.4) 11.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.1 (1.3) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (38.9) 23.7 Total comprehensive income for the period 497.5 474.4 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 475.7 462.0 – Non-controlling interests 21.8 12.4Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 114.4 109.4 Right-of-use assets 55.7 42.3 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 108.2 6 205.8 Deferred income tax assets 31.3 18.9 Investments in associates and joint ventures 1.3 72.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 262.7 278.2 Other non-current assets 4.5 3.7 Total non-current assets 6 578.0 6 730.3 Current assets Trade and other receivables 333.6 345.7 Income tax receivable 58.6 54.9 CCP clearing business assets 183 715.2 166 842.5 Other current financial assets 103.1 162.7 Cash & cash equivalents 1 448.8 1 001.1 Total current assets 185 659.3 168 407.0 Total assets 192 237.3 175 137.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 945.7 3 914.0 Non-controlling interests 139.7 126.3 Total Equity 4 085.3 4 040.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 031.6 3 027.2 Lease liabilities 37.3 21.6 Deferred income tax liabilities 531.9 552.6 Post-employment benefits 22.7 19.6 Contract liabilities 60.0 63.8 Other provisions 7.3 7.0 Total Non-current liabilities 3 690.8 3 691.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.3 17.4 Lease liabilities 22.2 28.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 183 832.2 166 858.7 Income tax payable 89.1 28.5 Trade and other payables 415.8 396.3 Contract liabilities 79.3 75.2 Other provisions 5.2 0.7 Total Current liabilities 184 461.1 167 405.2 Total equity and liabilities 192 237.3 175 137.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million FY 2023 FY 2022 Profit before tax 699.1 614.2 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 170.1 160.2 - Share based payments 14.4 14.0 - Results from equity investments (23.5) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (53.0) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (6.5) (8.8) - Changes in working capital 155.5 67.4 Cash flow from operating activities 956.1 837.1 Income tax paid (130.0) (220.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 826.1 616.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (66.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary (0.2) 8.7 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (1.3) - Proceeds from sale of associate 122.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI 0.2 - Purchase of current financial assets (72.3) (30.6) Redemption of current financial assets 155.5 42.9 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (27.7) (31.9) Purchase of intangible assets (75.3) (67.7) Interest received 25.3 5.9 Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 23.5 9.8 Dividends received from associates 7.8 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities 155.4 (122.6) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (28.7) (29.6) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments - (8.9) Payment of lease liabilities (28.4) (23.4) Acquisitions of own shares (219.1) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (1.0) (3.5) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (237.2) (206.0) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.3) (10.9) Net cash flow from financing activities (519.7) (282.4) Total cash flow over the period 461.8 211.5 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 001.1 809.4 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (14.1) (19.9) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital and provisions'. As per 2023  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital and provisions' that was originally reported at €+57.5 million in 2022.in € million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit before tax 176.9 140.8 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 45.6 42.6 - Share based payments 3.9 4.2 - Results from equity investments (5.6) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (11.4) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures - (2.8) - Changes in working capital 44.1 (245.1) Cash flow from operating activities 253.5 (70.1) Income tax paid (59.1) (77.0) Net cash flows from operating activities 194.5 (147.1) Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (54.3) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary - 7.8 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI - - Proceeds from sale of associate 11.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI - - Purchase of current financial assets (3.7) 1.8 Redemption of current financial assets 71.4 0.6 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (12.0) (10.8) Purchase of intangible assets (17.5) (20.0) Interest received 12.0 - Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments 5.6 9.8 Dividends received from associates - 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities 64.6 (65.7) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid - (0.3) Payment of lease liabilities (7.2) (4.5) Acquisitions of own shares (138.0) 1.0 Employee Share transactions - (0.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders - - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (1.4) (5.4) Net cash flow from financing activities (146.5) (9.3) Total cash flow over the period 112.6 (222.1) Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 336.5 1 215.0 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (0.2) 8.2 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital’. As per Q4-23  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital' that was originally reported at €-254.9 million in Q4-22.Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023Cash marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 %var Number of trading days 63 64 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 145 907 592 178 716 514 -18.4% ADV Cash Market 2 315 994 2 792 446 -17.1% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 602 148 637 875 -5.6% ADV Cash Market 9 558 9 967 -4.1% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 -2.1% SMEs 1 493 1 530 -2.4% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 -16.8% ETFs 3 821 3 717 +2.8% Bonds 55 098 53 042 +3.9% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 13 24 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 246.5 310 -20.5% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 6 875 10 237 -32.8% Money Raised - Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28.0% Total Money Raised 297 637 237 446 +25.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 12 23 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 247 306 -19.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 683 4 090 +14.5% Money Raised - Bonds 1 921 240 +700.5% Total Money Raised 6 851 4 636 +47.8%YTD 2023 YTD 2022 %var Number of trading days 255 257 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 625 895 770 866 298 108 -27.8% ADV Cash Market 2 454 493 3 370 810 -27.2% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 2 563 560 2 998 503 -14.5% ADV Cash Market 10 053 11 667 -13.8% Listings Dec-23 Dec-22 Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 ETFs 3 821 3 717 Bonds 55 098 53 042 Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 64 83 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 480.2 3 751 -33.9% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 21 101 28 666 -26.4% Money Raised - Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20.2% Total Money Raised 1 179 608 994 274 +18.6% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 59 77 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 1 275 2 973 -57.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 100 9 589 +5.3% Money Raised - Bonds 4 160 2 336 +78.1% Total Money Raised 15 535 14 898 +4.3%Fixed income marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo 469 134 397 003 +18.2% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 504 1 177 +27.9%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo 436 039 353 700 +23.3% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 266 939 +34.8%FX marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 64 65 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 532 340 1 310 383 +16.9% ADV Euronext FX 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 259 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 814 512 5 851 899 -0.6% ADV Euronext FX 22 450 22 507 -0.3%Power marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.25 0.13 +89.1%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Derivatives marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 63 64 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 31 923 088 35 233 108 -9.4% Index 13 517 515 16 033 772 -15.7% Futures 7 914 354 9 885 622 -19.9% Options 5 603 161 6 148 150 -8.9% Individual Equity 18 405 573 19 199 336 -4.1% Futures 498 969 927 921 -46.2% Options 17 906 604 18 271 415 -2.0% Commodity 5 807 238 4 637 260 +25.2% Futures 5 478 945 4 216 545 +29.9% Options 328 293 420 715 -22.0% Total Euronext 37 730 326 39 870 368 -5.4% Total Futures 13 892 268 15 030 088 -7.6% Total Options 23 838 058 24 840 280 -4.0% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 506 716 550 517 -8.0% Index 214 564 250 528 -14.4% Futures 125 625 154 463 -18.7% Options 88 939 96 065 -7.4% Individual Equity 292 152 299 990 -2.6% Futures 7 920 14 499 -45.4% Options 284 232 285 491 -0.4% Commodity 92 178 72 457 +27.2% Futures 86 967 65 884 +32.0% Options 5 211 6 574 -20.7% Total Euronext 598 894 622 975 -3.9% Total Futures 220 512 234 845 -17.0% Total Options 378 382 388 129 -7.0%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 255 257 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 134 733 803 158 335 700 -14.9% Index 55 863 644 64 341 758 -13.2% Futures 34 664 423 43 007 940 -19.4% Options 21 199 221 21 333 818 -0.6% Individual Equity 78 870 159 93 993 942 -16.1% Futures 1 955 140 9 288 011 -78.9% Options 76 915 019 84 705 931 -9.2% Commodity 23 173 370 20 384 703 +13.7% Futures 21 113 163 17 825 764 +18.4% Options 2 060 207 2 558 939 -19.5% Total Euronext 157 907 173 178 720 403 -11.6% Total Futures 57 732 726 70 121 715 -17.7% Total Options 100 174 447 108 598 688 -7.8% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 528 368 616 092 -14.2% Index 219 073 250 357 -12.5% Futures 135 939 167 346 -18.8% Options 83 134 83 011 +0.1% Individual Equity 309 295 365 735 -15.4% Futures 7 667 36 140 -78.8% Options 301 628 329 595 -8.5% Commodity 90 876 79 318 14.6% Futures 82 797 69 361 +19.4% Options 8 079 9 957 -18.9% Total Euronext 619 244 695 410 -11.0% Total Futures 226 403 272 847 +0.0% Total Options 392 841 422 563 +0.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2023 31 December 2022 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 18 567 344 17 957 749 3.4% Index 1 000 267 1 074 463 -6.9% Futures 517 679 539 893 -4.1% Options 482 588 534 570 -9.7% Individual Equity 17 567 077 16 883 286 4.1% Futures 153 607 225 815 -32.0% Options 17 413 470 16 657 471 4.5% Commodity 876 380 865 620 1.2% Futures 656 667 567 916 15.6% Options 219 713 297 704 -26.2% Total Euronext 19 443 724 18 823 369 3.3% Total Futures 1 327 953 1 333 624 -0.4% Total Options 18 115 771 17 489 745 3.6%1 Underlying revenue in 2022 excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.3 euronext.com/en/about/media/euronext-press-releases/euronext-publishes-q3-2023-results4 Like-for-like basis at constant currency5 Subject to regulatory approval6 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.7 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.8 Volumes for 2022 have been restated9 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.10 Volumes for Q4 2022 have been restatedAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.2,0.26,True,English,"['full year 2023 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '€26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '74 million cumulated run-rate synergies', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration', 'positive interest rates environment', '€103 million cumulated implementation costs', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', '2022 underlying net treasury income', 'Euronext Clearing European expansion', 'positive comparison base', '€70 million interim target', 'Core Data Centre', 'one-off accruals release', 'data products offering', 'Corporate Services offering', 'dynamic bond clearing', 'lower settlement volumes', 'diversified business model', '64 new equity listings', 'derivatives clearing volumes', 'volume related revenue', 'underlying operating expenses', 'negative FX impact', 'full year 2023 results', 'synergies delivery', 'softer environment', 'services business', '2022 underlying revenue', 'equity clearing', 'colocation services', 'leading venue', 'analytic products', 'derivatives trading', 'Clearing revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'Net debt', 'Settlement revenue', 'additional business', 'operational expenses', 'net income', 'continued expansion', 'softer equity', 'Strong results', '2023 interim guidance', 'fourth quarter', 'Strong performance', 'D&A', 'Technology Solutions', 'solid demand', 'constant currencies', 'debt listing', 'Listing performance', 'cash trading', 'record results', 'power trading', 'cost control', 'capital gains', 'Key figures', 'company shareholders', 'two periods', 'Great progress', 'first phase', 'fixed income', 'total revenue', 'revenue capture', 'Listing revenue', 'Trading revenue', 'l4 Revenue', 'share count', 'continued benefits', 'Adjusted EPS', '2023 costs', '2023 revenue', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Q4', '15 February', 'internalisation', 'migration', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'Custody', 'assets', 'equities', '27 November', 'end', 'income1', 'parent', 'acquisition']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2023-results-45964576/,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 results,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext publishes…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2023 resultsStrong results demonstrating benefits of Euronext’s diversified business model. 2023 costs better than revised guidance. €74 million cumulated run-rate synergies delivered  above the 2023 interim guidance of €70 million.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 15 February 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023.Full year 2023 revenue and income 1 was up +3.9% at €1 474.7 million (+0.5% compared to 2022 underlying revenue and income): Strong performance of non-volume related revenue representing 60% of total revenue 2 and income (vs. 57% in 2022) and covering 145% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 2 (vs. 133% in 2022): Technology Solutions reported €109.9 million of revenue (+9.8%)  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of colocation services following the migration of the Core Data Centre to Bergamo  Italy; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million (+6.0%)  driven by a strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products; Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €248.9 million (+2.4%)  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This was partly offset by lower settlement volumes and the negative FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +5.5%; Listing revenue grew to €220.6 million (+1.0%)  thanks to the continued expansion of the Corporate Services offering. In 2023  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 64 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Listing performance was negatively impacted by FX impact. Like-for-like at constant currencies  revenue was up +3.2%.Clearing revenue was stable year-on-year at €121.3 million  thanks to the additional business captured by Euronext Clearing following its expansion for equities on 27 November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing  that offset softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €46.7 million (+6.0% compared to 2022 underlying net treasury income 1 ).). Trading revenue was €490.0 million (-4.7%)  reflecting the softer environment for cash trading (€265.4 million  -12.0%) and derivatives trading (€54.2 million  -7.2%) offset by record results in fixed income (€107.4 million  +15.6%) and power trading (€37.4 million  +14.5%).Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 2 were €610.0 million (+0.6%)   better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million 3 due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million.  better than guided at €618 million (revised from €630 million due to FX impact) thanks to continued cost control  and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. Adjusted EBITDA 2 was €864.7 million (+0.4%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.6% (-0.1 pts).Adjusted net income 2 was €584.7 million (+5.3%) and adjusted EPS was €5.51 (+5.9%).Reported net income was €513.6 million (+17.3%)  reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022.reflecting €53.0 million of capital gains  positive interest rates environment and positive comparison base in 2022. Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.0x at the end of 2023 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 1.9x .. Key figures for full year 2023:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 % var % var l-f-l4 Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income1 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Great progress with Borsa Italiana Group integration leads to accelerated synergies delivery: €74 million of cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were achieved at end of 2023  above the €70 million interim target. €26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were delivered in Q4 2023  mainly related to the first phase of the Euronext Clearing European expansion to equity clearing. €103 million cumulated implementation costs were incurred since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  of which €8 million were incurred during Q4 2023 . Euronext successfully expanded Euronext Clearing as the pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash markets. Following the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. Euronext Clearing now clears equities  ETFs  structured products  warrants  and bonds across six Euronext markets. The implementation of harmonised clearing allows market participants to streamline their entire trade lifecycle within Euronext and to leverage on Euronext Securities to access T2S. Euronext is well on track for the delivery of the last major milestones of the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan in 2024. The migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq ® in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed financial and commodities derivatives by Q3 2024 will significantly contribute to reaching the targeted €115 million synergies by end of 2024.Dividend proposal:A dividend of €256.8 million will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2024. This represents 50% of 2023 reported net income  in line with Euronext’s dividend policy. Based on the number of outstanding shares at the end of 2023  this represents a dividend of €2.48 per share  up +11.7% compared to 2022.Cost guidance for 2024:In 2023  underlying expenses excluding D&A were positively impacted by a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million and by a positive impact of €11.4 million from the NOK depreciation. Consequently  Euronext reported €610.0 million underlying expenses excluding D&A in 2023  compared to an initial guidance of €630 million.In 2024  Euronext will continue its costs control policy and expects that savings and synergies will offset inflation and 2023 costs ramp-up. As a result  Euronext expects its 2024 underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €625 million  including around €10 million to finance growth projects and excluding potential impact from FX over the year.Continued innovation in trading with the launch of Euronext Mid-Point MatchFollowing the successful opening of the test environment for Euronext’s new dark trading facility at the end of January 2024  Euronext confirms the launch of Dark  Mid-Point and Sweep functionalities in Q1 20245. The whole Euronext ecosystem of trading members  local brokers  market makers and global banks  will benefit from zero latency in pegging to Euronext midpoint  and zero latency for sweeping from dark to lit on Euronext stocks.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2023  Euronext reached record revenue and income close to €1.5 billion. Robust organic growth in our non-volume related businesses and double-digit growth in fixed income and power trading drove Group revenue's growth to +3.9%  despite negative FX impacts and the softer cash trading environment. Despite an inflationary environment  Euronext was able to finance growth projects and to beat its revised cost guidance. This was allowed by our trademark cost discipline  FX impacts and a one-off release. We reached an adjusted EBITDA of €864.7 million  which translated into an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%. Our strong operating performance  combined with around €56 million of capital gains  allowed our net reported profit to grow double-digit to €513.6 million  and our adjusted EPS to increase by +5.9% to €5.51. In line with our dividend policy  we will propose a total dividend of €256.8 million  representing 50% of our reported net income  at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2024. Our strong cash generation capabilities have enabled us to already return €200 million of capital to our shareholders through the share repurchase programme implemented during the second half of 2023. We continued our deleveraging path as we reached a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9x at the end of 2023  down from 3.2x post acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.We have made great progress with the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. We have expanded Euronext Clearing as a pan-European clearing house for the clearing of cash products. This new harmonised post-trade set-up allows clients to execute their entire trading lifecycle through Euronext.These strategic milestones have materially contributed to the €74 million cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies delivered by the end of 2023  ahead of the €70 million interim guidance.The migration of Borsa Italiana’s derivatives to Optiq in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext listed derivatives by Q3 2024 will complete our presence on the entire trading value chain and will position Euronext ideally to capture future growth opportunities.As we celebrate the 10 year anniversary of our IPO in 2024  I am looking forward to deep-dive into the opportunities that this transformation will offer for Euronext in the coming years at our Investors Day in November 2024.”2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2023 FY 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 474.7 1 418.8 +3.9% +1.6% Underlying revenue and income6 1 474.7 1 467.8 +0.5% Listing 220.6 218.4 +1.0% +3.2% Trading revenue  of which 490.0 514.1 -4.7% -3.8% Cash trading 265.4 301.7 -12.0% -12.0% Derivatives trading 54.2 58.4 -7.2% -7.0% Fixed income trading 107.4 93.0 +15.6% +15.8% FX trading 25.6 28.4 -10.0% -7.8% Power trading 37.4 32.7 +14.5% +29.3% Investor Services 11.4 9.6 +18.5% +21.1% Advanced Data Services 224.8 212.1 +6.0% +6.2% Post-Trade  of which 370.2 364.5 +1.6% +3.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% -0.1% Custody and Settlement 248.9 243.1 +2.4% +5.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 109.9 100.1 +9.8% +8.8% NTI through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) -1049.8% +6.0% Other income 1.4 1.5 -9.0% -8.9% Transitional revenues (0.2) 3.4 -106.5% -106.5% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (610.0) (606.1) +0.6% +3.3% Adjusted EBITDA 864.7 861.6 +0.4% +0.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.6% 58.7% -0.1pts -0.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (688.3) (633.4) +8.7% +3.3% EBITDA 786.4 785.4 +0.1% +0.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (170.1) (160.2) +6.2% +8.9% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (858.5) (793.6) +8.2% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 790.4 792.8 -0.3% -0.3% Operating Profit 616.2 625.3 -1.4% Net financing income / (expense) (0.2) (29.7) -99.4% Results from equity investments 83.1 18.7 +344.7% Profit before income tax 699.1 614.2 +13.8% Income tax expense (162.7) (163.6) -0.6% Share of non-controlling interests (22.8) (12.8) +78.3% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 513.6 437.8 +17.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders7 584.7 555.3 +5.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.51 5.21 +5.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.84 4.10 +18.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.50 5.19 +5.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.83 4.10 +17.9%Share count differs between the two periods2023 revenue and incomeIn 2023  Euronext’s underlying revenue and income was €1 474.7 million  up +0.5% compared to 2022  resulting from strong performance of non-volume related activities  offsetting the softer cash trading environment and negative impact from the NOK depreciation over the year. 2023 total revenue and income was up +3.9%  reflecting the Q3 2022 one-off loss in net treasury income related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio1.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was up +1.6% in 2023  at €1 469.7 million  compared to 2022.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of underlying Group revenue in 2023  up +9.7% compared to 2022 underlying non-volume related revenue  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and the challenging environment for cash and derivatives trading. Non-volume-related underlying revenue covered 145% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A  compared to 133% in 2022.2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly to €610.0 million  up +0.6%. 2023 underlying expenses were positively impacted by cost discipline  the NOK depreciation over the year and a positive one-off accruals release in Q4 2023 of €6.3 million. This entirely offset inflationary pressures and costs incurred to support new growth initiatives.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +3.3% compared to 2022  which highlights the positive impact of the NOK on the 2023 reported cost base.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the year totalled €864.7 million  up +0.4% compared to 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.6%  stable compared to 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2023 was up +0.4%  to €874.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 59.5%  down -0.7 points compared to 2022.2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €170.1 million in 2023  up +6.2%  resulting from ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €82.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.2023 adjusted operating profit was €790.4 million  down -0.3% compared to 2022 adjusted operating profit.€174.2 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2023 was €0.2 million compared to a net financing expense of €29.7 million in 2022. This decrease resulted from the higher interest income from cash held in Q3 and Q4 2023  offsetting the cost of issued debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €83.1 million in 2023  resulting from the €41.6 million tax-exempted non-underlying capital gain in relation to the disposal of Euronext’s stake in LCH SA and the €11.4 million tax-exempted capital gain in relation to the disposal from Euronext’s investment in Tokeny  as well as the dividend received from Euroclear and Sicovam. In 2022  Euronext reported €18.7 million in results from equity investments  reflecting the dividend received from Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for 2023 was €162.7 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 23.3% for 2023  positively impacted by the tax-exempted capital gains recorded in Q3 and Q4 2023 (2022: €163.6 million and 26.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €22.8 million in 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +17.3% for 2023 compared to 2022  to €513.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €4.84 basic and €4.83 diluted in 2023  compared to €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022. This increase reflects the strong results and a lower number of shares over 2023 compared to 2022.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.3% to €584.7 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +5.9% in 2023  at €5.51 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.21 per share in 2022. This increase reflects Euronext’s strong performance and a lower number of outstanding shares over 2023 due to Euronext’s share repurchase programme.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €826.1 million  compared to €616.5 million in 2022  resulting from higher profit before tax  lower income tax and positive changes in working capital. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 90.9% of EBITDA in 2023.2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Listing revenue 220.6 218.4 +1.0% Equity 105.1 108.5 -3.1% o/w Annual fees 69.0 68.4 +0.8% o/w Follow-ons 20.8 20.8 -0.1% o/w IPOs 15.4 19.3 -20.3% Debts 36.0 36.6 -1.6% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 23.3 22.7 +2.9% Corporate Services 45.4 39.5 +14.9% ELITE and Other 10.8 11.1 -2.9%Listing revenue was €220.6 million in 2023  an increase of +1.0% compared to 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than offsetting the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.Money raised (€m) FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Equity listings 2 480 3 751 -34% Follow-ons 21 101 28 666 -26% Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20% Listed securities FY 2023 FY 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 64 83 -23% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +3% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +4%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging context with 64 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe in 2023. Equity listing revenue was solid at €105.1 million  primarily supported by revenue from higher annual fees revenue and several large follow-on transactions.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +14.9% compared to 2022 to €45.4 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products more than offsetting lower webcast activities.Debt listing activity was solid with revenue at €36.0 million  reflecting a better second half of 2023 with a more stable debt market and higher interest rate. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing with 494 new ESG bonds listed over the year  an increase of over 20% from 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.2% compared to 2022.Trading Cash tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 265.4 301.7 -12.0% ADV Cash market8 (€m) 10 053 11 667 -13.8%Cash trading revenue decreased by -12.0% to €265.4 million in 2023  reflecting the strong comparison base for cash trading in the first semester  partly offset by the positive impact of the migration of cash markets to Optiq® and efficient market share and revenue capture.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash equity trading averaged 65.1%  well above the indicated floor of at least 63%. Euronext average cash trading yield was 0.52 bps for the whole year  in line with the guidance despite the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana’s fee scheme prior to the Optiq® migration on 27 March 2023. Post migration of the Italian markets to Optiq®  the yield over the last 9 months of 2023 averaged 0.53 bps  above the indicated floor.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -12.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Derivatives tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 54.2 58.4 -7.2% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 619 244 695 410 -11.0% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 528 368 616 092 -14.2% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 90 876 79 318 +14.6%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -7.2% to €54.2 million in 2023  as a result of the low volatility environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the strong performance of the commodities franchise.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading increased to €0.34 per lot in 2023  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering and a positive mix impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -7.0% in 2023 compared to 2022.Fixed income tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 107.4 93.0 +15.6% o/w MTS Cash 67.1 59.5 +12.7% o/w MTS Repo 25.2 21.6 +17.1% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 436 039 353 700 +23.3% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 266 939 +34.8%Fixed income trading reported record revenue at €107.4 million in 2023  up +15.6% compared to 2022  reflecting a strong performance across the offering in a supportive economic environment. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +15.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.FX tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 25.6 28.4 -10.0% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 22 450 22 507 -0.3%FX trading revenues were at €25.6 million in 2023  down -10.0% compared to a record performance in 2022. This decrease reflects the lower volatility in the first three quarters of the year and negative FX impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -7.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.Power tradingFY 2023 FY 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 37.4 32.7 +14.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Power trading reported record revenue at €37.4 million in 2023  representing a strong growth of +14.5% compared to 2022  driven by a strong increase in intraday volumes and continued geographic expansion. This performance more than offsets the negative impact of the NOK.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +29.3% compared to 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported record revenue at €11.4 million revenue in 2023  representing a +18.5% increase compared to 2022  resulting from successful organic growth of the product portfolio.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +21.1% compared to 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million in 2023  up +6.0% from 2022  driven by the strong performance across the data products offering and solid demand for analytic products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.2% compared to 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 370.2 364.2 +1.6% Clearing 121.3 121.4 -0.1% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 71.8 75.8 -5.3% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 49.5 45.6 +8.7% Net treasury income through CCP business 46.7 (4.9) +1049.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 248.9 243.1 +2.4%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 83 486 969 84 125 615 -0.8% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 27 17725 675+5.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 13 732 5289 295 452+47.7% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 25 244 66927 103 615-6.9%Clearing revenue was stable at €121.3 million in 2023  reflecting the positive impact of the Euronext Clearing European expansion for equities in November 2023 and dynamic bond clearing. This performance offsets softer equity and derivatives clearing volumes and lower treasury income received from LCH SA.In 2023  Euronext Clearing revenue included €5.6 million from derivatives clearing  €16.6 million from equities clearing  and €13.6 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was stable compared to 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income was €46.7 million in 2023. As a reminder  2022 net treasury income was impacted by the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio  which resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss in 2022  net treasury income was up +6.0% in 2023 compared to 2022  reflecting the implementation of the new investment strategy for Euronext Clearing.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity FY 2023 FY 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 123 587 470126 315 368-2.2%Assets under Custody (in € bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €248.9 million in 2023  up +2.4% compared to 2022  driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. This performance offset the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +5.5% compared to 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €109.9 million in 2023  up +9.8% from 2022  reflecting continued benefits from the internalisation of the colocation activity following the Core Data Centre migration to Bergamo.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +8.8% compared to 2022.Q4 2023 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 374.1 347.0 +7.8% +9.1% Listing 56.2 53.5 +5.0% +6.9% Trading revenue  of which 124.5 116.3 +7.1% +8.5% Cash trading 64.1 65.1 -1.6% -1.6% Derivatives trading 12.8 13.4 -4.4% -4.3% Fixed income trading 30.6 22.1 +38.0% +39.2% FX trading 6.7 6.7 -0.5% +4.8% Power trading 10.4 8.9 +16.9% +30.8% Investor Services 3.0 2.6 +15.7% +16.6% Advanced Data Services 56.1 54.5 +3.0% +3.2% Post-Trade  of which 94.6 88.6 +6.8% +8.9% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% +11.5% Custody and Settlement 62.3 59.6 +4.6% +8.9% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 27.6 26.9 +2.6% +1.8% NTI through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% +171.4% Other income 0.5 0.3 +61.2% +59.7% Transitional revenues (0.0) 0.1 Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (157.8) (159.2) -0.9% +1.9% Adjusted EBITDA 216.3 187.9 +15.2% +14.8% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.8% 54.1% +3.7pts +2.9pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (173.3) (170.2) +1.9% +4.6% EBITDA 200.8 176.9 +13.6% +13.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (45.6) (42.6) +7.0% +4.1% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (218.9) (212.8) +2.9% +5.4% Adjusted operating profit 196.3 168.4 +16.6% +16.0% Operating Profit 155.2 134.2 +15.6% Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (6.0) +177.8% Results from equity investments 17.0 12.6 +35.1% Profit before income tax 176.9 140.8 +25.7% Income tax expense (40.0) (38.5) +4.0% Share of non-controlling interests (6.4) (3.0) +109.0% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 130.6 99.3 +31.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders9 148.2 118.2 +25.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.42 1.11 +27.9% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 1.25 0.93 +34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.41 1.10 +27.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 1.24 0.93 +34.1%Share count differs between the two periodsQ4 2023 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2023  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €374.1 million  up +7.8% compared to Q4 2022  driven by record performance in fixed income trading  robust results in non-volume related businesses and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income was up +9.1% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €373.7 million.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2023  stable compared to Q4 2022  reflecting continued strong performance of non-volume-related revenue and strong growth in fixed income trading and volume-related clearing activity. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 141% in Q4 2023  compared to 130% in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -0.9% to €157.8 million  reflecting cost discipline in an inflationary environment  the positive impact from the NOK depreciation over the year and a one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting mainly the NOK impact.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €216.3 million  up +15.2% compared to Q4 2022. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.8%  up +3.7 points compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2023 was up +14.8%  to €219.2 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.7%  up +2.9 points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2022.Q4 2023 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €45.6 million in Q4 2023  +7.0% more than in Q4 2022 due to ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.4 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €196.3 million  up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +16.0% compared to Q4 2022  at €199.2 million.€41.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2023  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q4 2023 was €4.7 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.0 million in Q4 2022. This decrease results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates  offsetting the cost of debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €17.0 million in Q4 2023  representing the capital gain related to the disposal of the stake in Tokeny and the dividend received from Sicovam. As a reminder  in Q4 2022  Euronext reported €12.6 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2023 was €40.0 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 22.6% for the quarter  reflecting the positive impact of the tax-exempted one-off capital gain from the disposal of the Tokeny stake (Q4 2022: €38.5 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €6.4 million in Q4 2023.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +31.5% for Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022  to €130.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.25 basic and €1.24 diluted in Q4 2023  compared to €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +25.3% to €148.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +27.9% in Q4 2023  at €1.42 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.11 per share in Q4 2022. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the fourth quarter of 2022.The weighted number of shares used over 2023 was 106 051 799 for the basic calculation and 106 376 338 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 669 451 and 106 901 306 respectively over 2022.In Q4 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €194.5 million  compared to a negative cash flow of €147.1 million in Q4 2022  reflecting lower negative changes in working capital from short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 87.4% of EBITDA in Q4 2023.Q4 2023 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Listing revenue 56.2 53.5 +5.0% Equity 26.6 27.0 -1.2% o/w Annual fees 17.1 16.7 +2.4% o/w Follow-ons 5.8 6.3 -8.2% o/w IPOs 3.7 4.0 -5.8% Debts 9.1 9.0 +1.4% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.9 5.8 +2.0% Corporate Services 12.3 9.6 +28.8% ELITE and Other 2.2 2.2 -0.7%Listing revenue was €56.2 million in Q4 2023  an increase of +5.0% compared to Q4 2022  primarily reflecting the strong performance of Corporate Services  more than absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.9% compared to Q4 2022.Money raised (€m) Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Equity listings 247 310 -21% Follow-ons 6 875 10 237 -33% Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28%Listed securities Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change New equity listings over the period 13 24 -46% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 821 3 717 +2.8% # Bonds listed  end of period 55 098 53 042 +3.9%Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging environment with 13 new listings  ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in Europe with 50% of European listings. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million  primarily supported by higher annual fees revenue.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +28.8% compared to Q4 2022 to €12.3 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products and strong conference activities in Milan.Debt listing activity was strong with revenue at €9.1 million  supported by banking and corporate debt listing activities. Euronext maintained its world leading position in debt listing and pursued its momentum in ESG bond listing with 123 new ESG bonds listed over the quarter.Trading Cash tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 64.1 65.1 -1.6% ADV Cash market10 (€m) 9 558 9 967 -4.1%Cash trading revenue decreased by -1.6% to €64.1 million in Q4 2023  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by efficient management of market share and revenue capture.Over the fourth quarter of 2023  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  above the floor of at least 0.52 bps  supported by the migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq® and the continued low volume environment. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.2% in Q4 2023  above the 2023 floor of at least 63%. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -1.6%.Derivatives tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 12.8 13.4 -4.4% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 894 622 975 -3.9% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 506 716 550 517 -8.0% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 92 178 72 457 +27.2%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -4.4% to €12.8 million in Q4 2023  due to the soft volume environment for equity derivatives  partly offset by the continued strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -4.3% in Q4 2023 compared to Q4 2022.Fixed income tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 30.6 22.1 +38.0% o/w MTS Cash 19.6 12.8 +52.5% o/w MTS Repo 6.3 5.6 +13.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 469 134 397 003 +18.2% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 504 1 177 +27.9%Fixed income recorded record revenue at €30.6 million in Q4 2023  up +38.0% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting record quarterly volumes at MTS driven by an economic environment favouring money markets and supportive volatility.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +39.2% compared to Q4 2022.FX tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 6.7 6.7 -0.5% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FX trading revenue was stable at €6.7 million in Q4 2023 as higher volumes were offset by FX impact .On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +4.8% compared to Q4 2022.Power tradingQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 10.4 8.9 +16.9% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.25 0.13 +89.1%Power trading revenue reached a record level at €10.4 million in Q4 2023  up +16.9% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting all-time-high in intraday volumes and strong day-ahead volumes.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +30.8% compared to Q4 2022.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €3.0 million revenue in Q4 2023  representing a +15.7% increase compared to Q4 2022  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +16.6% compared to Q4 2022.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €56.1 million in Q4 2023  up +3.0% from Q4 2022  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +3.2% compared to Q4 2022.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 94.6 88.6 +6.8% Clearing 32.3 29.0 +11.5% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 17.8 18.7 -4.8% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 14.6 10.4 +40.2% Net treasury income through CCP business 11.7 4.3 +171.4% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 62.3 59.6 +4.6%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 30 675 375 17 079 703 +79.6% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 7 1186 364+11.8%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 3 888 8983 136 562+24.0% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 5 691 3386 043 292-5.8%Clearing revenue was up +11.5% to €32.3 million in Q4 2023  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023 and to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023  as well as dynamic bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.2 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +11.5% compared to Q4 2022.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income (NTI) amounted to €11.7 million in Q4 2023  slightly below Q3 2023 levels due to the introduction of the VaR-based margin methodology at Euronext Clearing. The +171.4% increase compared to Q4 2022 reflects the positive comparison base linked to the Euronext Clearing portfolio disposal between Q2 2022 and Q4 2023.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q4 2023 Q4 2022 % change # settlement instructions over the period 30 507 967 29 285 554 +4.2% Assets under Custody (in €bln)  end of period 6 663 6 347 +5.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €62.3 million in Q4 2023  up +4.6% compared to Q4 2022  reflecting higher assets under custody  a growing number of settlement instructions and continued growth of the services offering  absorbing the negative impact of the NOK depreciation.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +8.9% compared to Q4 2022.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €27.6 million in Q4 2023  up +2.6% from Q4 2022  driven by continued good performance of the colocation business following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets over 2023.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +1.8% compared to Q4 2022.Q4 2023 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2023 results on 8 November 2023Successful expansion of Euronext Clearing as pan-European clearing house for Euronext cash marketsFollowing the expansion of clearing activities to Euronext Brussels cash markets on 6 November 2023  Euronext successfully expanded its clearing offering  on schedule  to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal on 27 November 2023. This major step paves the way for the expansion of Euronext Clearing activities to Euronext’s listed and commodity derivatives in Q3 2024.Disposal of minority investment in TokenyAs part of its ongoing review of strategic assets  Euronext has disposed of its minority investment in Tokeny  a tokenisation platform on 1 December 2023. Euronext’s 18.93% stake in Tokeny was sold to the global fund administration company Apex.This sale generated a €11.4 million capital gain in Q4 2023.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2024Euronext completes €200 million share repurchase programmeOn 3 January 2024  Euronext announced the completion of its share repurchase programme announced on 27 July 2023. Between 31 July 2023 and 3 January 2024  2 870 787 shares  or approximately 2.7% of Euronext’s share capital  were repurchased at an average price of €69.67 per share. All shares repurchased as part of the programme will be cancelled.This repurchase programme was executed by a financial intermediary in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and based on the authority granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 17 May 2023.Euronext volumes January 2024In January 2024  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 373 million  down -5.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 576 875 lots  down -7.8% compared to January 2023  and the open interest was 22 074 323 contracts at the end of January 2024  up +1.2% compared to January 2023.The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $24.9 billion  up +26.9% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +67.2% to €32.3 billion in January 2024  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €483 767 million  up +16.5% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 19 411 073 shares in January 2024  +233.4% compared to January 2023. €2 708 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +17.2% compared to the same period in 2023. 1 309 166 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2024 (double counted)  up +16.8% compared to January 2023. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -23.5% compared to January 2023  at 1 888 243 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 354 917 settlement instructions in January 2024  +2.1% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.6 trillion in January 2024  up +5.3%.2024 Investor DayEuronext confirms it will hold an Investor Day in November 2024 to release its new strategic plan. The exact date and location will be announced in due course.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 16 February 2024  at 09:30 CET (Paris time) / 08:30 GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 p ortugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2023 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2023 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2023 Q4 2022 FY 2023 FY 2022 Net income reported 130.6 99.3 513.6 437.8 EPS reported 1.25 0.93 4.84 4.10 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (15.5) (11.0) (78.3) (27.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (25.6) (23.1) (95.9) (91.4) of which Net financing expense (0.0) 3.1 (0.2) 2.3 of which results from equity investments 11.4 (0.0) 53.0 (1.5) of which Minority interest 1.1 3.9 4.1 4.6 Tax related to adjustments 11.1 8.2 46.2 44.7 Adjusted net income 148.2 118.2 584.7 555.3 Adjusted EPS 1.42 1.11 5.51 5.21The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2023 Q4 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 374.1 0.0 374.1 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 Listing 56.2 - 56.2 53.5 - 53.5 Trading revenue  of which 124.5 - 124.5 116.3 - 116.3 Cash trading 64.1 - 64.1 65.1 - 65.1 Derivatives trading 12.8 - 12.8 13.4 - 13.4 Fixed income trading 30.6 - 30.6 22.1 - 22.1 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.7 - 6.7 Power trading 10.4 - 10.4 8.9 - 8.9 Investor services 3.0 - 3.0 2.6 - 2.6 Advanced data services 56.1 - 56.1 54.5 - 54.5 Post-Trade  of which 94.6 - 94.6 88.6 - 88.6 Clearing 32.3 - 32.3 29.0 - 29.0 Custody & Settlement and other 62.3 - 62.3 59.6 - 59.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 27.6 - 27.6 26.9 0.0 26.9 Net Financing Income through CCP business 11.7 - 11.7 4.3 - 4.3 Other income 0.5 0.0 0.5 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 Transitional revenues (0.0) - (0.0) 0.1 (0.0) 0.1 Operating expenses excluding D&A (157.8) (15.5) (173.3) (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) Salaries and employee benefits (85.6) (7.8) (93.3) (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) Other operational expenses  of which (72.2) (7.8) (80.0) (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) System & communication (23.1) (2.0) (25.1) (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) Professional services (12.8) (4.7) (17.5) (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.8) - (8.8) Accommodation (6.0) (0.2) (6.2) (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) Other operational expenses (21.5) (0.9) (22.3) (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) EBITDA 216.3 (15.5) 200.8 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 EBITDA margin 57.8% 53.7% 54.1% 51.0% Depreciation & amortisation (20.0) (25.6) (45.6) (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) Total expenses (177.8) (41.1) (218.9) (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) Operating profit 196.3 (41.1) 155.2 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (0.0) 4.7 (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) Results from equity investment 5.6 11.4 17.0 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 Profit before income tax 206.6 (29.7) 176.9 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 Income tax expense (51.0) 11.1 (40.0) (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) Non-controlling interests (7.4) 1.1 (6.4) (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 148.2 (17.6) 130.6 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 EPS (basic  in €) 1.42 1.25 1.11 0.93 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.41 1.24 1.10 0.93FY 2023 FY 2022 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 474.7 0.0 1 474.7 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 Listing 220.6 - 220.6 218.4 - 218.4 Trading revenue  of which 490.0 - 490.0 514.1 - 514.1 Cash trading 265.4 - 265.4 301.7 - 301.7 Derivatives trading 54.2 - 54.2 58.4 - 58.4 Fixed income trading 107.4 - 107.4 93.0 - 93.0 FX trading 25.6 - 25.6 28.4 - 28.4 Power trading 37.4 - 37.4 32.7 - 32.7 Investor services 11.4 - 11.4 9.6 - 9.6 Advanced data services 224.8 - 224.8 212.1 - 212.1 Post-Trade  of which 370.2 - 370.2 364.5 - 364.5 Clearing 121.3 - 121.3 121.4 - 121.4 Custody & Settlement and other 248.9 - 248.9 243.1 - 243.1 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 109.9 0.0 109.9 100.1 0.0 100.1 Net Financing Income through CCP business 46.7 - 46.7 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) Other income 1.4 0.0 1.4 1.5 0.0 1.5 Transitional revenues (0.2) - (0.2) 3.4 0.0 3.4 Operating expenses excluding D&A (610.0) (78.3) (688.3) (606.1) (27.2) (633.4) Salaries and employee benefits (319.5) (12.9) (332.4) (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) Other operational expenses  of which (290.6) (65.4) (355.9) (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) System & communication (94.9) (7.8) (102.6) (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) Professional services (58.3) (18.2) (76.5) (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) Clearing expense (34.5) - (34.5) (35.6) - (35.6) Accommodation (17.9) (0.8) (18.7) (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) Other operational expenses (85.0) (38.6) (123.6) (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) EBITDA 864.7 (78.3) 786.4 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 EBITDA margin 58.6% 53.3% 58.7% 55.4% Depreciation & amortisation (74.2) (95.9) (170.1) (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) Total expenses (684.3) (174.2) (858.5) (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) Operating profit 790.4 (174.2) 616.2 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 Net financing income / (expense) 0.1 (0.2) (0.2) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) Results from equity investment 30.0 53.0 83.1 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 Profit before income tax 820.5 (121.4) 699.1 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 Income tax expense (208.9) 46.2 (162.7) (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) Non-controlling interests (26.9) 4.1 (22.8) (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 584.7 (71.1) 513.6 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 EPS (basic  in €) 5.51 4.84 5.21 4.10 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.50 4.83 5.19 4.10Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit for the period 136.9 102.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1.9) (3.1) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.5 0.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.5 21.4 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.2) (6.1) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 7.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.8) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (4.1) 1.0 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.5 (0.1) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (4.8) 20.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 132.1 122.7 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 125.6 119.8 – Non-controlling interests 6.5 22.9The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2023 FY 2022 Profit for the period 536.4 450.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (57.8) (29.4) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 6.3 2.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.1 (40.3) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.0) (2.4) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 11.9 42.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (3.1) (8.5) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.4) 11.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.1 (1.3) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (38.9) 23.7 Total comprehensive income for the period 497.5 474.4 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 475.7 462.0 – Non-controlling interests 21.8 12.4Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 114.4 109.4 Right-of-use assets 55.7 42.3 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 108.2 6 205.8 Deferred income tax assets 31.3 18.9 Investments in associates and joint ventures 1.3 72.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 262.7 278.2 Other non-current assets 4.5 3.7 Total non-current assets 6 578.0 6 730.3 Current assets Trade and other receivables 333.6 345.7 Income tax receivable 58.6 54.9 CCP clearing business assets 183 715.2 166 842.5 Other current financial assets 103.1 162.7 Cash & cash equivalents 1 448.8 1 001.1 Total current assets 185 659.3 168 407.0 Total assets 192 237.3 175 137.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 945.7 3 914.0 Non-controlling interests 139.7 126.3 Total Equity 4 085.3 4 040.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 031.6 3 027.2 Lease liabilities 37.3 21.6 Deferred income tax liabilities 531.9 552.6 Post-employment benefits 22.7 19.6 Contract liabilities 60.0 63.8 Other provisions 7.3 7.0 Total Non-current liabilities 3 690.8 3 691.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.3 17.4 Lease liabilities 22.2 28.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 183 832.2 166 858.7 Income tax payable 89.1 28.5 Trade and other payables 415.8 396.3 Contract liabilities 79.3 75.2 Other provisions 5.2 0.7 Total Current liabilities 184 461.1 167 405.2 Total equity and liabilities 192 237.3 175 137.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million FY 2023 FY 2022 Profit before tax 699.1 614.2 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 170.1 160.2 - Share based payments 14.4 14.0 - Results from equity investments (23.5) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (53.0) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (6.5) (8.8) - Changes in working capital 155.5 67.4 Cash flow from operating activities 956.1 837.1 Income tax paid (130.0) (220.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 826.1 616.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (66.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary (0.2) 8.7 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (1.3) - Proceeds from sale of associate 122.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI 0.2 - Purchase of current financial assets (72.3) (30.6) Redemption of current financial assets 155.5 42.9 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (27.7) (31.9) Purchase of intangible assets (75.3) (67.7) Interest received 25.3 5.9 Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 23.5 9.8 Dividends received from associates 7.8 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities 155.4 (122.6) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (28.7) (29.6) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments - (8.9) Payment of lease liabilities (28.4) (23.4) Acquisitions of own shares (219.1) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (1.0) (3.5) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (237.2) (206.0) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.3) (10.9) Net cash flow from financing activities (519.7) (282.4) Total cash flow over the period 461.8 211.5 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 001.1 809.4 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (14.1) (19.9) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital and provisions'. As per 2023  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital and provisions' that was originally reported at €+57.5 million in 2022.in € million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 Profit before tax 176.9 140.8 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 45.6 42.6 - Share based payments 3.9 4.2 - Results from equity investments (5.6) (9.8) - Gain on sale of associate (11.4) - - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures - (2.8) - Changes in working capital 44.1 (245.1) Cash flow from operating activities 253.5 (70.1) Income tax paid (59.1) (77.0) Net cash flows from operating activities 194.5 (147.1) Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of associates and joint ventures - (0.7) Business combinations  net of cash acquired (2.5) (54.3) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary - 7.8 Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI - - Proceeds from sale of associate 11.4 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI - - Purchase of current financial assets (3.7) 1.8 Redemption of current financial assets 71.4 0.6 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (12.0) (10.8) Purchase of intangible assets (17.5) (20.0) Interest received 12.0 - Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments 5.6 9.8 Dividends received from associates - 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities 64.6 (65.7) Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid - (0.3) Payment of lease liabilities (7.2) (4.5) Acquisitions of own shares (138.0) 1.0 Employee Share transactions - (0.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders - - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (1.4) (5.4) Net cash flow from financing activities (146.5) (9.3) Total cash flow over the period 112.6 (222.1) Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 336.5 1 215.0 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (0.2) 8.2 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 448.8 1 001.1The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been re-presented. In prior periods  the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital’. As per Q4-23  the Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €-9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital' that was originally reported at €-254.9 million in Q4-22.Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023Cash marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 %var Number of trading days 63 64 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 145 907 592 178 716 514 -18.4% ADV Cash Market 2 315 994 2 792 446 -17.1% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 602 148 637 875 -5.6% ADV Cash Market 9 558 9 967 -4.1% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 -2.1% SMEs 1 493 1 530 -2.4% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 -16.8% ETFs 3 821 3 717 +2.8% Bonds 55 098 53 042 +3.9% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 13 24 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 246.5 310 -20.5% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 6 875 10 237 -32.8% Money Raised - Bonds 290 515 226 900 +28.0% Total Money Raised 297 637 237 446 +25.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 12 23 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 247 306 -19.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 683 4 090 +14.5% Money Raised - Bonds 1 921 240 +700.5% Total Money Raised 6 851 4 636 +47.8%YTD 2023 YTD 2022 %var Number of trading days 255 257 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 625 895 770 866 298 108 -27.8% ADV Cash Market 2 454 493 3 370 810 -27.2% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 2 563 560 2 998 503 -14.5% ADV Cash Market 10 053 11 667 -13.8% Listings Dec-23 Dec-22 Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 888 1 929 Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 434 2 927 ETFs 3 821 3 717 Bonds 55 098 53 042 Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 64 83 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 480.2 3 751 -33.9% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 21 101 28 666 -26.4% Money Raised - Bonds 1 156 027 961 858 +20.2% Total Money Raised 1 179 608 994 274 +18.6% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 59 77 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 1 275 2 973 -57.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 100 9 589 +5.3% Money Raised - Bonds 4 160 2 336 +78.1% Total Money Raised 15 535 14 898 +4.3%Fixed income marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 27 741 15 416 +79.9% TAADV MTS Repo 469 134 397 003 +18.2% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 504 1 177 +27.9%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 23 026 18 874 +22.0% TAADV MTS Repo 436 039 353 700 +23.3% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 266 939 +34.8%FX marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 64 65 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 532 340 1 310 383 +16.9% ADV Euronext FX 23 943 20 160 +18.8%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 259 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 814 512 5 851 899 -0.6% ADV Euronext FX 22 450 22 507 -0.3%Power marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 3.10 2.98 +3.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.25 0.13 +89.1%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.74 2.75 -0.6% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.20 0.10 +95.3%Derivatives marketsQ4 2023 Q4 2022 % var Number of trading days 63 64 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 31 923 088 35 233 108 -9.4% Index 13 517 515 16 033 772 -15.7% Futures 7 914 354 9 885 622 -19.9% Options 5 603 161 6 148 150 -8.9% Individual Equity 18 405 573 19 199 336 -4.1% Futures 498 969 927 921 -46.2% Options 17 906 604 18 271 415 -2.0% Commodity 5 807 238 4 637 260 +25.2% Futures 5 478 945 4 216 545 +29.9% Options 328 293 420 715 -22.0% Total Euronext 37 730 326 39 870 368 -5.4% Total Futures 13 892 268 15 030 088 -7.6% Total Options 23 838 058 24 840 280 -4.0% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 506 716 550 517 -8.0% Index 214 564 250 528 -14.4% Futures 125 625 154 463 -18.7% Options 88 939 96 065 -7.4% Individual Equity 292 152 299 990 -2.6% Futures 7 920 14 499 -45.4% Options 284 232 285 491 -0.4% Commodity 92 178 72 457 +27.2% Futures 86 967 65 884 +32.0% Options 5 211 6 574 -20.7% Total Euronext 598 894 622 975 -3.9% Total Futures 220 512 234 845 -17.0% Total Options 378 382 388 129 -7.0%FY 2023 FY 2022 % var Number of trading days 255 257 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 134 733 803 158 335 700 -14.9% Index 55 863 644 64 341 758 -13.2% Futures 34 664 423 43 007 940 -19.4% Options 21 199 221 21 333 818 -0.6% Individual Equity 78 870 159 93 993 942 -16.1% Futures 1 955 140 9 288 011 -78.9% Options 76 915 019 84 705 931 -9.2% Commodity 23 173 370 20 384 703 +13.7% Futures 21 113 163 17 825 764 +18.4% Options 2 060 207 2 558 939 -19.5% Total Euronext 157 907 173 178 720 403 -11.6% Total Futures 57 732 726 70 121 715 -17.7% Total Options 100 174 447 108 598 688 -7.8% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 528 368 616 092 -14.2% Index 219 073 250 357 -12.5% Futures 135 939 167 346 -18.8% Options 83 134 83 011 +0.1% Individual Equity 309 295 365 735 -15.4% Futures 7 667 36 140 -78.8% Options 301 628 329 595 -8.5% Commodity 90 876 79 318 14.6% Futures 82 797 69 361 +19.4% Options 8 079 9 957 -18.9% Total Euronext 619 244 695 410 -11.0% Total Futures 226 403 272 847 +0.0% Total Options 392 841 422 563 +0.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2023 31 December 2022 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 18 567 344 17 957 749 3.4% Index 1 000 267 1 074 463 -6.9% Futures 517 679 539 893 -4.1% Options 482 588 534 570 -9.7% Individual Equity 17 567 077 16 883 286 4.1% Futures 153 607 225 815 -32.0% Options 17 413 470 16 657 471 4.5% Commodity 876 380 865 620 1.2% Futures 656 667 567 916 15.6% Options 219 713 297 704 -26.2% Total Euronext 19 443 724 18 823 369 3.3% Total Futures 1 327 953 1 333 624 -0.4% Total Options 18 115 771 17 489 745 3.6%1 Underlying revenue in 2022 excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.3 euronext.com/en/about/media/euronext-press-releases/euronext-publishes-q3-2023-results4 Like-for-like basis at constant currency5 Subject to regulatory approval6 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.7 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.8 Volumes for 2022 have been restated9 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.10 Volumes for Q4 2022 have been restatedAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.2,0.26,True,English,"['full year 2023 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '€26 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '74 million cumulated run-rate synergies', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration', 'positive interest rates environment', '€103 million cumulated implementation costs', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', '2022 underlying net treasury income', 'Euronext Clearing European expansion', 'positive comparison base', '€70 million interim target', 'Core Data Centre', 'one-off accruals release', 'data products offering', 'Corporate Services offering', 'dynamic bond clearing', 'lower settlement volumes', 'diversified business model', '64 new equity listings', 'derivatives clearing volumes', 'volume related revenue', 'underlying operating expenses', 'negative FX impact', 'full year 2023 results', 'synergies delivery', 'softer environment', 'services business', '2022 underlying revenue', 'equity clearing', 'colocation services', 'leading venue', 'analytic products', 'derivatives trading', 'Clearing revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'Net debt', 'Settlement revenue', 'additional business', 'operational expenses', 'net income', 'continued expansion', 'softer equity', 'Strong results', '2023 interim guidance', 'fourth quarter', 'Strong performance', 'D&A', 'Technology Solutions', 'solid demand', 'constant currencies', 'debt listing', 'Listing performance', 'cash trading', 'record results', 'power trading', 'cost control', 'capital gains', 'Key figures', 'company shareholders', 'two periods', 'Great progress', 'first phase', 'fixed income', 'total revenue', 'revenue capture', 'Listing revenue', 'Trading revenue', 'l4 Revenue', 'share count', 'continued benefits', 'Adjusted EPS', '2023 costs', '2023 revenue', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Q4', '15 February', 'internalisation', 'migration', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'Custody', 'assets', 'equities', '27 November', 'end', 'income1', 'parent', 'acquisition']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/not-easy-to-spur-bourse-mergers-to-deepen-eu-capital-market-says-euronext-3305263,Not easy to spur bourse mergers to deepen EU capital market  says Euronext By Reuters,Not easy to spur bourse mergers to deepen EU capital market  says Euronext,"Published Feb 15  2024 01:07PM ET© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: The Euronext stock exchange is pictured at the La Defense business district in Paris  France  September 30  2022. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File PhotoDB1Gn +1.00% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - The ""gap"" between policymakers wanting bourse mergers to deepen EU capital markets  and the demands of private shareholders makes it hard to push through consolidation  Euronext said on Thursday.Euro zone finance ministers want Brussels to assess  and potentially address  barriers to exchange mergers in a region with a plethora of trading platforms  a draft document on Thursday showed.""We welcome any initiative that promotes consolidation of market infrastructure in Europe "" Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah told Reuters.Euronext marks 10 years as a listed company  the result of many bourse takeovers  but Boujnah said that currently there were ""not many willing sellers"" in the sector  and that Euronext is not a buyer at any price.""There is a gap to be bridged in due course between the sort of vision of policymakers  which is a vision we share that consolidation makes Europe more relevant  and reality of ownership  strategy and platforms that create different dynamics "" he added.Euronext's ""very preliminary"" dialogue with Deutsche Boerse (ETR: ) on a joint liquidity pool in stocks were paused due to ""very fundamental capital market reasons""  and not because of regulatory issues that needed fixing  Boujnah said.Boujnah suggested better channelling of savings into EU companies  and proceeding ""promptly"" towards single EU supervision for markets to end different national interpretations of EU rules that create barriers.Finance ministers are considering both.A prospectus for issuance that can be used cross-border would also help  he said  adding he was ""optimistic"" about Euronext's IPOs pipeline.""When you vaccinate your dog  and you cross the border with a pet you have a single vaccination certificate across Europe  but when you want to do an IPO  you don't have a single prospectus "" Boujnah said.Euronext on Thursday reported full year earnings for 2023  saying that good progress with integrating the Milan Exchange bought in 2021  with ""run rate synergies"" of 74 million euros ($79.62 million)  ahead of its 70 million euro target.Full-year revenue and income rose 3.9% to 1.47 billion euros  and the recommended dividend equal to half of reported net income  or 2.48 euros per share  is up 11.7% on 2022.Euronext expects 2024 underlying expenses  excluding depreciation and amortisation  of around 625 million euros.($1 = 0.9295 euros)",negative,0.14,0.4,0.46,negative,0.1,0.39,0.51,True,English,"['EU capital market', 'bourse mergers', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'La Defense business district', 'fundamental capital market reasons', 'Euro zone finance ministers', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'many willing sellers', 'joint liquidity pool', 'full year earnings', 'run rate synergies', 'single vaccination certificate', 'many bourse takeovers', 'different national interpretations', '70 million euro target', 'single EU supervision', 'File Photo DB1Gn', 'EU capital markets', 'market infrastructure', 'Milan Exchange', 'different dynamics', 'EU companies', 'EU rules', 'single prospectus', 'Huw Jones', 'bourse mergers', 'private shareholders', 'draft document', 'listed company', 'due course', 'preliminary"" dialogue', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'regulatory issues', 'IPOs pipeline', 'good progress', 'Full-year revenue', '2024 underlying expenses', 'trading platforms', '1.47 billion euros', 'net income', '625 million euros', '74 million', '2.48 euros', '0.9295 euros', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'Paris', 'France', 'Watchlist', 'LONDON', 'gap', 'policymakers', 'demands', 'consolidation', 'Thursday', 'Brussels', 'barriers', 'region', 'plethora', 'initiative', 'Europe', '10 years', 'result', 'sector', 'buyer', 'price', 'sort', 'reality', 'ownership', 'strategy', 'ETR', 'stocks', 'channelling', 'savings', 'issuance', 'dog', 'border', 'pet', 'dividend', 'half', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', '©']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,investing.com
36252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829656/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-8-14-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 8 – 14  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 8 – 14  2024      February 15  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of...,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 8 – 14  2024February 15  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 103 600 its own ordinary shares in the period from February 8  2024  up to and including February 14  2024  for €14.6 million and at an average share price of €141.05.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 1  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 667 600 90.7 135.79For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€', '31']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/07c8bc7724951cbf,Euronext cash and derivatives slow down offset by fixed income and power trading surge in 2023,Euronext has reported down trading revenues for 2023 thanks to the softer environment for cash trading and a drop off in derivatives trading. Overall trading revenue fell by 4.7% in comparison with 2022  coming in at €490 million. Cash trading revenues were d…,Euronext has reported down trading revenues for 2023 thanks to the softer environment for cash trading and a drop off in derivatives trading.Overall trading revenue fell by 4.7% in comparison with 2022  coming in at €490 million. Cash trading revenues were down 12% to roughly €265 million for 2023  while derivatives trading revenues were down 7% to roughly €54…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   .,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.81,0.15,True,English,"['power trading surge', 'Euronext cash', 'fixed income', 'derivatives', 'Overall trading revenue', 'Cash trading revenues', 'derivatives trading revenues', 'softer environment', 'Euronext', 'drop', 'comparison', 'story', 'thetradenews']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,biztoc.com
36254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829628/0/en/Stellantis-Approves-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Stellantis Approves Share Buyback Program,Stellantis Approves Share Buyback Program   AMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 – The Stellantis Board of Directors approved a share buyback program of up to...,Stellantis Approves Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 – The Stellantis Board of Directors approved a share buyback program of up to €3 billion (total purchase price excluding ancillary costs) to be executed on the market.The Company intends to cancel the common shares acquired through the share buyback program apart from a portion of up to €0.5 billion  which may be used to service share-based compensation and employee stock purchase plans. The shares will be purchased over a period ending December 31  2024 on NYSE / Euronext Milan / Euronext Paris and other multilateral trading facilities.The opportunity to initiate the buyback program stems from the Company’s significant cash flow generation and strong balance sheet. These factors enable the Company to ensure adequate liquidity to manage a wide variety of economic and market scenarios  while simultaneously facilitating attractive capital returns to shareholders  and to support the extension of the employee stock purchase plan to several countries.The share buyback program will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders held on April 13  2023  which may be renewed or extended  up to a maximum of 10% of the Company’s capital. The remaining authorization granted on April 13  2023 stands at approximately 181 million shares. The purchase price per common share will be no higher than an amount equal to 110% of the market price of the shares on the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The market price will be calculated as the average of the highest price on each of the five days of trading prior to the date on which the acquisition is made  as shown in the official price list of the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris.As of February 15  2024  the Company held in treasury a total of 142 090 297 common shares equal to 3.52% of the total issued share capital including common shares and special voting shares.Stellantis will provide updates on the start of buybacks and on the buyback program via a press release posted on the Investors section of the corporate website under “Stock and Shareholder Info”. The buybacks will be carried out subject to market conditions and in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'significant cash flow generation', 'employee stock purchase plans', 'other multilateral trading facilities', 'strong balance sheet', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'bold strategic plan', 'official price list', 'Share Buyback Program', 'attractive capital returns', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'other anticipated aspects', 'special voting shares', 'global financial markets', 'general economic environment', 'total purchase price', 'The Stellantis Board', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'common share', 'share capital', 'The Company', 'general meeting', 'Citroën', 'market price', 'highest price', 'future financial', 'other changes', 'ancillary costs', 'share-based compensation', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'adequate liquidity', 'market scenarios', 'several countries', 'remaining authorization', 'five days', 'press release', 'Investors section', 'corporate website', 'Shareholder Info', 'market conditions', 'applicable rules', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'local economic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', '181 million shares', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'wide variety', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Directors', 'portion', 'period', 'December', 'NYSE', 'opportunity', 'factors', 'shareholders', 'extension', 'authority', 'April', 'maximum', 'amount', 'average', 'acquisition', 'February', 'treasury', 'updates', 'start', 'buybacks', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'transaction', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'impact', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'imposition', 'enactment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4120431.html,Accor announces landmark sustainability partnership with Qualmark New Zealand,New Zealand’s largest hotel operator  Accor  has entered into a strategic partnership with Qualmark to work towards certifying Accor hotels  resorts and apartments across New Zealand as Gold Standard Sustainable Tourism Businesses. For three decades...,New Zealand’s largest hotel operator  Accor  has entered into a strategic partnership with Qualmark to work towards certifying Accor hotels  resorts and apartments across New Zealand as Gold Standard Sustainable Tourism Businesses.For three decades Qualmark  a New Zealand quality assurance organisation  has supported thousands of tourism businesses across the country to operate sustainably.Qualmark’s Sustainable Tourism Business certification criteria is a rigorous process that evaluates standards of sustainability across five key pillars: business systems  environment  people  community and culture  and health and safety.This criteria was recently the first in New Zealand to gain Global Sustainable Tourism Council (GSTC) recognised status. This means Qualmark members can be confident that achieving Qualmark certification meets global standards of sustainability and that travellers can be assured of a globally recognised accreditation.Qualmark New Zealand General Manager  Steven Dixon  said: “We’re excited to partner with an industry-leading hotel operator like Accor.Compared to 10 years ago  travellers are now three times more likely to choose a business that has been sustainably accredited. Our vision is to see all New Zealand tourism businesses join Qualmark  to make it easier for our manuhiri (visitors) to make sustainable choices.Accor Pacific Chief Operating Officer PM&E  Adrian Williams  said: We are delighted to partner with Qualmark as a leading voice and authority for sustainability in the New Zealand market. Our hotels are already accredited with Qualmark and we are now taking actions for them to reach gold accreditation - the highest possible standard under the new GSTC aligned standards.Sustainability is fundamental in our business  and we are proud to contribute to shaping the future of tourism in New Zealand by investing in our sustainability actions and activities. Our next phase of growth is built on our powerful sense of environmental  social and economic responsibility.In 2023  in collaboration with our hotel owners  Accor Pacific removed some 55 single use plastic items  such as individual toiletries from guest facing areas and plastic water bottles  in over 80% of hotels. In 2024 and beyond  we are committed to taking these actions further into food waste and sustainability  water usage  eco certification and diversity and inclusion. We know there is a lot more to do and our teams will continue to focus on driving sustainability actions.Around the world  Accor is fully supporting its 5 500 hotels in obtaining external sustainable certifications. Through a combination of global and local partnerships  Accor will reach the target of 100% of its network eco-certified by 2026.From luxury to economy  Accor operates more than 40 hotels across New Zealand  including international brands such as Sofitel  MGallery  Pullman  Mövenpick  Peppers  The Sebel  Mantra  Novotel  Mercure  BreakFree  ibis  ibis Styles and ibis budget  as well as Ennismore’s SO/.Visit ALL.comAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['landmark sustainability partnership', 'Qualmark New Zealand', 'Accor', 'New Zealand quality assurance organisation', 'Accor Pacific Chief Operating Officer', 'Gold Standard Sustainable Tourism Businesses', 'Qualmark New Zealand General Manager', '55 single use plastic items', 'Sustainable Tourism Business certification criteria', 'Global Sustainable Tourism Council', 'New Zealand tourism businesses', 'new GSTC aligned standards', 'world leading hospitality group', 'highest possible standard', 'external sustainable certifications', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'five key pillars', 'plastic water bottles', 'New Zealand market', 'largest hotel operator', 'industry-leading hotel operator', 'sustainable choices', 'sustainable development', 'responsible tourism', 'leading voice', 'gold accreditation', 'eco certification', 'Qualmark certification', 'global standards', 'hotel owners', 'water usage', '40 hotel brands', 'OTC Market', 'The Group', 'business systems', 'business ethics', 'strategic partnership', 'three decades', 'rigorous process', 'Steven Dixon', 'PM&E', 'Adrian Williams', 'next phase', 'powerful sense', 'environmental, social', 'economic responsibility', 'individual toiletries', 'facing areas', 'local partnerships', 'international brands', 'Mövenpick', 'The Sebel', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'United States', 'Qualmark members', 'ibis Styles', 'ibis budget', 'food waste', 'community outreach', 'Accor SA', 'sustainability actions', 'Accor.', '10,000 food', 'resorts', 'apartments', 'thousands', 'country', 'people', 'culture', 'health', 'safety', 'status', 'travellers', 'vision', 'manuhiri', 'visitors', 'authority', 'hotels', 'future', 'activities', 'growth', 'collaboration', 'guest', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'teams', 'combination', 'target', 'network', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Sofitel', 'MGallery', 'Pullman', 'Peppers', 'Mantra', 'Novotel', 'Mercure', 'BreakFree', 'Ennismore', 'experiences', '110 countries', '5,500 properties', 'Lifestyle', 'terms', 'integrity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,hospitalitynet.org
36256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/business-leaders/WARREN-BUFFETT-6/news/EMEA-Morning-Briefing-Econ-Data-Earnings-in-Focus-45955462/,EMEA Morning Briefing: Econ Data  Earnings in Focus,(marketscreener.com)  MARKET WRAPS  Watch For:  EU foreign trade; UK GDP  trade  index of production  business investment; trading updates from Commerzbank  Airbus  Pernod Ricard  Renault  Stellantis  Legrand  Orange  Schneider Electric  Euronext  Safran…,"MARKET WRAPSWatch For:EU foreign trade; UK GDP  trade  index of production  business investment; trading updates from Commerzbank  Airbus  Pernod Ricard  Renault  Stellantis  Legrand  Orange  Schneider Electric  Euronext  Safran  DSM Firmenich  Yandex  Centrica  RELX  Koninklijke BAM GroepOpening Call:Stock futures rose as inflation jitters ebbed. Asian stock benchmarks advanced; the dollar softened; Treasury yields largely pulled back; while oil and gold futures fell.Equities:European stock futures pushed higher early Thursday ahead of a busy slate of economic data  including U.K. GDP and U.S. retail sales  and corporate results.U.S. stock indexes regained their footing overnight after a selloff sparked by inflation fears a day earlier.""Inflation numbers are not going to go in a straight line-it's going to be lumpy "" said Thomas Martin  a senior portfolio manager at Globalt Investments. ""Yesterday's move was a knee-jerk reaction-if it were a real problem  you'd see some follow-through today. You aren't seeing that.""Forex:JPY strengthened against other G-10 and Asian currencies on the lingering threat of forex intervention prompted by recent reported comments from Japan's top currency official.USD/JPY's upside is likely to be capped after ""jawboning"" by Japanese authorities spurred intervention risks  said Sim Moh Siong  currency strategist at Bank of Singapore. However  the ""real test for intervention"" is whether Treasury yields can move significantly higher to send USD/JPY above 152  the strategist added.Bonds:Treasurys rallied overnight  sending yields lower  as traders considered whether there may have been an overreaction to stronger-than-expected U.S. inflation data.""[Tuesday's] CPI release was a nasty shock causing a significant market reaction. The question now is whether the reaction was enough  or perhaps was too much "" said Chris Low  chief economist at FHN Financial.Though there are reasons to think the report could be a ""fluke ""' ""the report cannot be dismissed outright  not least because it firmly underscores the Fed's primary objection to quick easing. With the economy strong and the job market strong  there is no need for rate cuts  "" he said.-Euro high-yield defaults are projected to climb to 4% by the end of 2024 from 2.4% at the end of January  CreditSights said.""So far  the euro high-yield market has avoided any material challenges with even the CCC distressed market tightening year to date  albeit from very wide levels."" Euro HY credit spreads tightened 10 basis points in January and 14 bps in February month to date  CreditSights said.Energy:Oil futures fell in Asia after a 12-million-barrel weekly rise in domestic commercial crude inventories  according to data from U.S. EIA on Wednesday.But a fall in gasoline inventories of 3.66 million barrels over the same period as well as strong jet-fuel demand helped limit the losses for crude prices  said ANZ.Metals:Gold edged lower early Thursday. The precious metal is trading in a tight sideways range after falling below the psychologically significant $2 000/oz level following stronger-than-expected U.S. inflation data earlier this week  which reduces hopes for early Fed rate cuts.The overnight fall in U.S. bond yields and a weaker dollar haven't been enough to bring buyers back for the precious metal  ANZ said.-Nickel traded steadily in Asia. The base metal has recently extended gains as traders absorbed news that Glencore plans to ""mothball"" its loss-making Koniambo nickel operation in New Caledonia  ANZ said. The risk of nickel supply disruptions in Indonesia is also rising  the bank noted.TODAY'S TOP HEADLINESFed's Barr says banking system is strong despite New York Community Bancorp's woesThe recent troubles at New York Community Bancorp Inc. are not a sign of systemic problems in the U.S. banking system  a top Federal Reserve official said Wednesday.""A single bank missing its revenue expectations and increasing its provisioning does not change the fact that the overall banking system is strong  and we see no signs of liquidity problems across the system "" said Fed Vice Chair for Supervision Michael Barr  in a speech to a meeting of the National Association of Business Economics in Washington.Fed's Goolsbee says some high monthly inflation readings won't knock his confidenceInflation has been so well behaved that some high readings for a few months won't change the picture  Chicago Fed President Austan Goolsbee said Wednesday.Because inflation fell so far so fast last year  ""even if inflation comes in a bit higher for a few months  as many forecasts suggest  it would still be consistent with our path back to [the 2%] target "" Goolsbee said  in talk at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York.Iran Gas Pipelines Explode in Act of Sabotage  Officials SayTEHRAN-Iranian officials said two explosions struck natural-gas pipelines in the country early Wednesday  calling the blasts a terrorist attack  which comes amid heightened tensions in the Middle East over the Israel-Hamas war in Gaza.Sabotage caused the blasts  which ruptured gas pipelines in the provinces of Chaharmahal-Bakhtiari and Fars  disrupting supply in parts of the country  according to the Iranian oil ministry's official Shana news service. The pipelines are part of the country's gas supply grid  taking gas from Asaluyeh  a hub for Iran's offshore South Pars gas field.Europe Is Boosting Military Spending. It's Still Not Enough.BRUSSELS-With a war raging nearby and the threat that a second Trump administration could pull the U.S. out of NATO  Europe has ratcheted up military spending. Arms manufacturers are working around-the clock  and new factories are going up to meet demand.But Europe has a long way to go-and tough choices to make-if it aims to reduce its dependence on U.S. military support and face down Russian aggression.Financial Firms Expect Big Changes from European Cyber RulesBRUSSELS-Financial firms and their technology suppliers will need to put in a lot of work to comply with a European cybersecurity law set to take effect early next year.The law has attracted attention because it requires companies to make significant changes to how they manage risks. It applies to large and small technology suppliers or service companies such as cloud-computing providers.Elon Musk's SpaceX Looks to Move Incorporation to Texas From DelawareElon Musk's SpaceX is seeking to convert its business incorporation to Texas from Delaware.The Secretary of State of Texas on Wednesday issued a certificate evidencing the acceptance and filing of the conversion  according to a filing.BHP Signals $5.7 Billion of Write-Downs From Nickel Crash  Dam Failure FalloutADELAIDE  Australia-BHP Group announced one of the mining industry's biggest write-downs of nickel operations since prices of the battery metal started to slump last year  illustrating how producers don't expect a turnaround any time soon as electric-vehicle sales growth slows.BHP said it would write-down its nickel business in Western Australia by roughly $2.5 billion  and might mothball its current operations there for a time if conditions stay weak. The world's biggest mining company said it would separately take an additional $3.2 billion provision for the Samarco dam failure in Brazil in 2015  meaning it has now set aside some $6.5 billion to cover costs associated with the disaster.Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Trims Its Massive Stake in AppleWarren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway trimmed its flagship position in Apple in the fourth quarter.Berkshire sold about 1% of its Apple shares in the final three months of 2023  leaving it with a 5.9% stake in the iPhone maker worth about $167 billion on Wednesday  according to Dow Jones Market Data.Nvidia becomes third-largest U.S. company as it passes Google parent AlphabetA day after finishing with a valuation above Amazon.com Inc.  Nvidia Corp. boxed out Alphabet Inc. as well.The chip maker's stock NVDA rose 2.5% in Wednesday trading  giving the company a market value of $1.825 trillion. Alphabet's stock GOOG GOOGL was only up 0.6%  and the company ended the day with a $1.821 trillion valuation.EssilorLuxottica Posts Higher Profit  Acceleration in Sales GrowthEssilorLuxottica reported higher revenue and profit for 2023  despite inflationary headwinds that hurt costs  particularly the cost of labor.The Franco-Italian eyewear company on Wednesday posted sales of 6.25 billion euros ($6.69 billion) for the final quarter of 2023  compared with EUR6.11 billion in the year-earlier period.Write to singaporeeditors@dowjones.comExpected Major Events for Thursday05:30/NED: Jan Unemployment06:00/FIN: Dec Retail sales07:00/UK: Dec UK trade07:00/UK: Dec Index of production07:00/UK: Dec Index of services07:00/UK: 4Q Business investment in the UK: provisional results07:00/UK: 4Q First quarterly estimate of GDP07:00/UK: Dec Monthly GDP estimates07:00/NOR: Jan External trade in goods07:30/SWI: Jan Import Price Index07:30/SWI: Jan PPI08:00/SWI: Jan Consumer Sentiment Index08:00/CZE: Jan CPI08:00/SVK: Jan Core & net inflation development08:00/SVK: Jan CPI08:00/SPN: Jan CPI09:00/FRA: Feb IEA Oil Market Report09:00/POL: Dec Merchandise trade09:00/BUL: Jan CPI09:00/POL: Jan CPI09:00/ITA: Dec Foreign Trade EU10:00/GRE: Jan CPI10:00/EU: Dec Foreign trade11:00/FRA: Dec OECD Harmonised Unemployment Rates11:00/IRL: Dec Goods Exports and Imports11:00/IRL: Jan CPI12:30/UK: Jan NIESR Monthly GDP TrackerAll times in GMT. Powered by Onclusive and Dow Jones.Write to us at newsletters@dowjones.com(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones Newswires02-15-24 0017ET",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.04,0.3,0.66,True,English,"['EMEA Morning Briefing', 'Econ Data', 'Earnings', 'Focus', 'New York Community Bancorp Inc.', 'Chicago Fed President Austan Goolsbee', 'U.S. retail sales', 'Euro HY credit spreads', 'loss-making Koniambo nickel operation', 'U.S. stock indexes', 'top Federal Reserve official', 'domestic commercial crude inventories', 'U.S. bond yields', 'U.S. banking system', 'U.S. inflation data', 'early Fed rate cuts', 'high monthly inflation readings', 'U.S. EIA', 'Euro high-yield defaults', 'U.K. GDP', 'Koninklijke BAM Groep', 'senior portfolio manager', 'top currency official', 'Sim Moh Siong', '12-million-barrel weekly rise', 'strong jet-fuel demand', 'tight sideways range', 'significant $2,000/oz level', 'euro high-yield market', 'nickel supply disruptions', 'CCC distressed market', 'Asian stock benchmarks', 'overall banking system', 'Fed Vice Chair', 'Iran Gas Pipelines', 'European stock futures', 'Supervision Michael Barr', 'significant market reaction', 'EU foreign trade', 'high readings', 'New Caledonia', 'gasoline inventories', 'crude prices', 'TOP HEADLINES', 'economic data', 'MARKET WRAPS', 'job market', 'UK GDP', 'Asian currencies', 'Foreign Relations', 'natural-gas pipelines', 'inflation jitters', 'inflation fears', 'Inflation numbers', 'Treasury yields', 'business investment', 'trading updates', 'Pernod Ricard', 'Schneider Electric', 'DSM Firmenich', 'Opening Call', 'busy slate', 'corporate results', 'straight line', 'Thomas Martin', 'Globalt Investments', 'knee-jerk reaction', 'real problem', 'other G-10', 'lingering threat', 'Japanese authorities', 'currency strategist', 'real test', 'CPI release', 'nasty shock', 'Chris Low', 'chief economist', 'FHN Financial', 'primary objection', 'quick easing', 'material challenges', 'wide levels', '3.66 million barrels', 'same period', 'precious metal', 'base metal', 'systemic problems', 'revenue expectations', 'liquidity problems', 'National Association', 'Business Economics', 'many forecasts', 'two explosions', 'Middle East', 'Israel-Hamas war', 'gold futures', 'Oil futures', 'intervention risks', 'overnight fall', 'weaker dollar', 'recent troubles', 'TEHRAN-Iranian officials', 'single bank', 'forex intervention', 'production', 'Commerzbank', 'Airbus', 'Renault', 'Stellantis', 'Legrand', 'Orange', 'Euronext', 'Safran', 'Yandex', 'Centrica', 'RELX', 'Equities', 'footing', 'selloff', 'move', 'follow', 'JPY', 'comments', 'upside', 'Singapore', 'Bonds', 'Treasurys', 'traders', 'overreaction', 'expected', 'Tuesday', 'question', 'reasons', 'report', 'fluke', 'economy', 'need', 'end', 'January', 'CreditSights', '10 basis', 'February', 'Energy', 'Wednesday', 'losses', 'ANZ', 'Metals', 'stronger', 'hopes', 'buyers', 'gains', 'news', 'Glencore', 'Indonesia', 'TODAY', 'woes', 'provisioning', 'fact', 'signs', 'speech', 'meeting', 'Washington', 'confidence', 'months', 'picture', 'path', '2%] target', 'talk', 'Council', 'Sabotage', 'country', 'blasts', 'heightened', 'tensions', 'Gaza']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-8-14-2024-45959386/,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 8 – 14  2024,(marketscreener.com)    Share Buyback Transaction Details February 8 – 14  2024 February 15  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 103 600 its own …,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 8 – 14  2024February 15  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 103 600 its own ordinary shares in the period from February 8  2024  up to and including February 14  2024  for €14.6 million and at an average share price of €141.05.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 1  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 667 600 90.7 135.79For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€', '31']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830230/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Monthly-information-relating-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-outstanding-shares-January-31-2024.html,McPhy Energy: Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares (January 31  2024),Translation for information purposes only  Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares In accordance with......,"Translation for information purposes onlyMonthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General RegulationReporting company :Corporate name: McPhy EnergyPublic Limited company (société anonyme) with Board of DirectorsRegistered office: 79 rue Général Mangin  38100 GrenobleRegistered under number 502 205 917 R.C.S. GrenobleEuronext Paris Compartment C (ISIN code: FR0011742329 - MCPHY)Date Total number of outstanding shares Total number of voting rights* Gross Net 31.01.2024 28 147 800** 30 091 659 28 902 403* Total number of voting rights (i) ""gross"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including those deprived of voting rights  (ii) ""net"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached after deduction of those deprived of voting rights (treasury shares and other shares whose voting rights are suspended pursuant to laws)** including 150 000 new shares issued over the month pursuant to the equity financing line with Vester Finance1ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Gaëlle FromaigeatT.+33 (0)1 44 71 98 52mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergy1 Please refer to the press release dated 19 December 2023  available on the website of the Company (https://mcphy-finance.com – Section “Financial Publications – Press releases).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['McPhy Energy', 'Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', 'January', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers General Regulation', '79 rue Général Mangin', 'McPhy Energy Public Limited company', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'industrial raw material supply', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'equity financing line', 'broad commercial coverage', 'Gaëlle Fromaigeat', 'French Commercial Code', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'société anonyme', 'energy transition', 'industrial, mobility', 'energy sectors', 'Reporting company', 'turnkey solutions', 'ISIN code', 'hydrogen production', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'hydrogen equipment', 'information purposes', 'Monthly information', 'voting rights', 'Corporate name', 'Registered office', 'Gross Net', 'Vester Finance1', 'distribution equipment', 'global deployment', 'complete range', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'international subsidiaries', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'press release', 'Financial Publications', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'other shares', '150,000 new shares', '38100 Grenoble', 'T.', 'Translation', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Date', 'basis', 'deduction', 'laws', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Europe', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'CONTACTS', 'NewCap', 'website', 'mcphy-finance', 'Section', 'Attachment', '19']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Announces-Board-Composition-Change-45960385/,Stellantis Announces Board Composition Change,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Announces Board Composition Change AMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 – Stellantis N.V. announced today that the Company’s Board of Directors intends to propose the appointment of Claudia Parzani as an independent non-executive direc…,Stellantis Announces Board Composition ChangeAMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 – Stellantis N.V. announced today that the Company’s Board of Directors intends to propose the appointment of Claudia Parzani as an independent non-executive director of Stellantis at the next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (“AGM”) in 2024.Claudia will be nominated as an independent non-executive director to succeed Kevin Scott  a director of Stellantis appointed on January 4  2021 for a four-year term that commenced on January 17  2021. Kevin’s resignation for personal reasons will take effect at the end of the 2024 AGM.Claudia is a partner at a global law firm  where she has served in key strategic and global managerial roles and on the relevant executive committees. Since 2022  she has been Chair of Borsa Italiana  the Italian stock exchange  after having been Deputy Chair and  previously  a non-executive director. Claudia graduated from the Università degli Studi di Milano in Italy.Stellantis and its Board of Directors express their deepest appreciation and sincere gratitude to Kevin for his outstanding service  invaluable contributions  and dedication during his tenure as a director of Stellantis and wish him all the best in his future endeavors.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Board Composition Change', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'global law firm', 'global managerial roles', 'Italian stock exchange', 'Università degli Studi', 'relevant executive committees', 'bold strategic plan', 'independent non-executive director', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Board Composition Change', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Citroën', 'key strategic', 'four-year term', 'personal reasons', 'Borsa Italiana', 'deepest appreciation', 'sincere gratitude', 'outstanding service', 'invaluable contributions', 'future endeavors', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'Deputy Chair', 'Kevin Scott', 'Claudia Parzani', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Directors', 'appointment', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'January', 'resignation', 'effect', 'partner', 'Milano', 'Italy', 'dedication', 'tenure', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DNO-ASA-1413123/news/DNO-Shares-Traded-Ex-Dividend-45955581/,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,(marketscreener.com) Oslo  15 February 2024 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company's shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 15 February 2024. A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 26 Fe…,Oslo  15 February 2024 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company's shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 15 February 2024.A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 26 February 2024 to all shareholders of record as of 16 February 2024.-For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no-DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d'Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.4 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', ""Côte d'Ivoire"", 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'dividend payment', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', '15 February', 'Company', 'shares', 'NOK', '26 February', 'shareholders', 'record', '16 February', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Eutelsat-7-8-West-Video-Hotspot-Leveraged-by-Telediffusion-d-Algerie-to-Expand-Channel-Offeri-45963158/,Eutelsat 7/8° West Video Hotspot Leveraged by Télédiffusion d'Algérie to Expand Channel Offering for Audiences Across Algeria,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Algeria’s public broadcaster  Télédiffusion d’Algérie   has extended its partnership with Eutelsat Communications   with an increase in capacity on the EUTELSAT 7 West A satellite. This new multi-year agreement will co…,"Regulatory News:Algeria’s public broadcaster  Télédiffusion d’Algérie (TDA)  has extended its partnership with Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris  London Stock Exchange: ETL) (Paris:ETL) (LSE:ETL)  with an increase in capacity on the EUTELSAT 7 West A satellite. This new multi-year agreement will consolidate TDA’s TV and radio channels at the 7/8° West orbital position  the country’s leading video neighbourhood.TDA currently broadcasts an extensive offer of some 26 free-to-air public and private television and radio channels in both standard and high definition. The additional capacity at 7/8° West will enable the company to enhance its content offering to audiences across the country  and further afield across the Middle East and North Africa. With an increased line-up of around 15 private channels  accessible on a pay-as-you-go basis  TDA will deliver an enhanced end-user experience to better serve its customers.The 7/8° West orbital position is the leading satellite neighbourhood for audiences in Algeria  reaching 97% of satellite TV households  and the leading orbital position across the Middle East and North Africa. Offering broadcasters  the largest exclusive reach in the region  audiences prefer the 7/8° West video neighbourhood thanks to its unparalleled line-up of around 900 TV channels broadcasting from the 7/8° West orbital location.Laurence Delpy  General Manager of the Video Business Unit  Eutelsat  commented: “TDA is a long-standing partner of Eutelsat. They were one of the first major broadcasting companies in the Arab world to entrust us with their television and radio channels  and we have been proud to support them in their broadcasting journey. With this new commitment  we are delighted to continue to work with them as they consolidate their offer at our vibrant 7/8 degrees West video neighbourhood  delivering an enhanced user experience for audiences across Algeria and beyond.""About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of Eutelsat and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 geostationary (GEO) satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses customers' needs in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets and on-ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people from more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Find out more at www.eutelsat.com/onewebView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240215304414/en/",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Eutelsat 7/8° West Video Hotspot', 'Télédiffusion', 'Algérie', 'Channel Offering', 'Audiences', 'Algeria', 'vibrant 7/8 degrees West video neighbourhood', '7/8° West orbital location', '7/8° West orbital position', '7/8° West video neighbourhood', 'first major broadcasting companies', 'EUTELSAT 7 West A satellite', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'leading orbital position', 'leading video neighbourhood', 'leading satellite neighbourhood', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Video Business Unit', 'Télédiffusion', 'largest exclusive reach', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'four key verticals', 'new multi-year agreement', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'satellite TV households', '35 geostationary (GEO) satellites', 'enhanced user experience', 'broadcasting journey', 'satellite communications', 'end-user experience', 'new commitment', 'orbit assets', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'Regulatory News', 'Algérie', 'radio channels', 'high definition', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', '15 private channels', '900 TV channels', 'Laurence Delpy', 'General Manager', 'standing partner', 'Arab world', 'global leader', 'broadcast services', 'LEO) constellation', 'Government Services', 'unique suite', 'ground infrastructure', 'integrated solutions', 'digital divide', 'source version', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Eutelsat Group', 'private television', 'The Group', '6,500 television channels', 'global customers', 'public broadcaster', 'extensive offer', 'additional capacity', 'unparalleled line-up', ""customers' needs"", 'The Company', '600 satellites', 'Algeria', 'TDA', 'partnership', 'ETL', 'LSE', 'increase', 'country', 'air', 'standard', 'content', 'audiences', 'basis', 'broadcasters', 'region', 'long', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'businesswire', '26']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Employees-Rewarded-Nearly-1-9-Billion-Worldwide-for-2023-Performance-Totaling-6-45956279/,Stellantis Employees Rewarded Nearly €1.9 Billion Worldwide for 2023 Performance  Totaling €6 Billion Since Company Creation -February 15  2024 at 02:12 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Employees Rewarded Nearly €1.9 Billion Worldwide for 2023 Performance  Totaling €6 Billion Since Company Creation Variable pay and profit-sharing* packages reflect 2023 global financial results and performance of each country i…,Stellantis Employees RewardedNearly €1.9 Billion Worldwide for 2023 Performance Totaling €6 Billion Since Company CreationVariable pay and profit-sharing* packages reflect 2023 global financial results and performance of each country in their respective demanding and competitive contextsAdditional Company matching contribution through new employee share purchase plan - Shares to Win - launched in late 2023 in France and Italy; expanding to up to 242 000 eligible employees in 2024Stellantis’ “pay for performance” strategy recognizes employees’ achievements and commitment with an extra payout of €87 million this yearSharing the financial success with employees is an essential element in building Stellantis’ culture and achieving the Dare Forward 2030 strategy targetsAMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 – Stellantis today announced it will distribute nearly €1.9 billion this year based on the Company’s 2023 financial results and achievements at both global and local levels  recognizing the performance and commitment of its employees worldwide. Since its creation just over three years ago  Stellantis has distributed €6 billion to its global employee base.Since 2021  the Company has been committed to sharing its success with employees  reinforcing its “Care” pillar  dedicated to its employees  its customers  and its carbon net zero objective.Employees are the heart of Stellantis’ performance. In 2023  approximately 95% of its employees around the world benefited from a “pay for performance” approach  which recognizes their contribution to the Company’s success.This approach is the result of constructive dialogue with the unions in the countries where Stellantis operates  as well as the willingness to propose a compensation and benefits policy that is fair and based on market practices.To engage employees more closely in the Company’s success  last year Stellantis launched the “Shares to Win” employee share purchase plan in Italy and France  as a pilot initiative  with a €1 000 matching contribution offered by the Company. Stellantis plans to extend this program to 242 000 eligible employees worldwide in 2024  with the same incentive guiding principles.“In a highly demanding and competitive context  all Stellantis employees can be proud of what we have been building together over the last three years  and I want to warmly thank each of them for this ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “We delivered strong Company performance results  allowing us to distribute nearly €1.9 billion in profit sharing and variable bonuses for the third consecutive year. These profit sharing and variable payout programs are more than a reflection of our employees’ performance and achievements  they are the fair recognition of their commitment to succeed as one team.”# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['Stellantis Employees', 'Company Creation', '2023 Performance', 'February', '02:12', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'new employee share purchase plan', 'carbon net zero objective', 'same incentive guiding principles', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategy targets', 'Additional Company matching contribution', 'strong Company performance results', 'bold strategic plan', 'global employee base', 'last three years', 'third consecutive year', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'variable payout programs', '2023 global financial results', 'Stellantis N.V.', '2023 financial results', '€1,000 matching contribution', 'performance” strategy', 'extra payout', 'Citroën', 'variable bonuses', 'profit-sharing* packages', 'competitive contexts', 'essential element', 'local levels', 'Care” pillar', 'constructive dialogue', 'benefits policy', 'market practices', 'pilot initiative', 'profit sharing', 'fair recognition', 'one team', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'Company Creation', 'financial success', 'Stellantis’ culture', 'respective demanding', '242,000 eligible employees', 'performance” approach', 'employees’ performance', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Stellantis Employees', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'employees’ achievements', '2023 Performance', 'country', 'Shares', 'France', 'Italy', 'up', 'commitment', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'heart', 'world', 'unions', 'countries', 'willingness', 'compensation', 'reflection', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829624/0/en/Stellantis-Employees-Rewarded-Nearly-1-9-Billion-Worldwide-for-2023-Performance-Totaling-6-Billion-Since-Company-Creation.html,Stellantis Employees Rewarded Nearly €1.9 Billion Worldwide for 2023 Performance  Totaling €6 Billion Since Company Creation,Stellantis Employees Rewarded Nearly €1.9 Billion Worldwide for 2023 Performance  Totaling €6 Billion Since Company Creation  Variable pay and......,Stellantis Employees RewardedNearly €1.9 Billion Worldwide for 2023 Performance Totaling €6 Billion Since Company CreationVariable pay and profit-sharing* packages reflect 2023 global financial results and performance of each country in their respective demanding and competitive contextsAdditional Company matching contribution through new employee share purchase plan - Shares to Win - launched in late 2023 in France and Italy; expanding to up to 242 000 eligible employees in 2024Stellantis’ “pay for performance” strategy recognizes employees’ achievements and commitment with an extra payout of €87 million this yearSharing the financial success with employees is an essential element in building Stellantis’ culture and achieving the Dare Forward 2030 strategy targetsAMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 – Stellantis today announced it will distribute nearly €1.9 billion this year based on the Company’s 2023 financial results and achievements at both global and local levels  recognizing the performance and commitment of its employees worldwide. Since its creation just over three years ago  Stellantis has distributed €6 billion to its global employee base.Since 2021  the Company has been committed to sharing its success with employees  reinforcing its “Care” pillar  dedicated to its employees  its customers  and its carbon net zero objective.Employees are the heart of Stellantis’ performance. In 2023  approximately 95% of its employees around the world benefited from a “pay for performance” approach  which recognizes their contribution to the Company’s success.This approach is the result of constructive dialogue with the unions in the countries where Stellantis operates  as well as the willingness to propose a compensation and benefits policy that is fair and based on market practices.To engage employees more closely in the Company’s success  last year Stellantis launched the “Shares to Win” employee share purchase plan in Italy and France  as a pilot initiative  with a €1 000 matching contribution offered by the Company. Stellantis plans to extend this program to 242 000 eligible employees worldwide in 2024  with the same incentive guiding principles.“In a highly demanding and competitive context  all Stellantis employees can be proud of what we have been building together over the last three years  and I want to warmly thank each of them for this ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “We delivered strong Company performance results  allowing us to distribute nearly €1.9 billion in profit sharing and variable bonuses for the third consecutive year. These profit sharing and variable payout programs are more than a reflection of our employees’ performance and achievements  they are the fair recognition of their commitment to succeed as one team.”# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['Stellantis Employees', 'Company Creation', '2023 Performance', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'new employee share purchase plan', 'carbon net zero objective', 'same incentive guiding principles', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategy targets', 'Additional Company matching contribution', 'strong Company performance results', 'bold strategic plan', 'global employee base', 'last three years', 'third consecutive year', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'variable payout programs', '2023 global financial results', 'Stellantis N.V.', '2023 financial results', '€1,000 matching contribution', 'performance” strategy', 'extra payout', 'Citroën', 'variable bonuses', 'profit-sharing* packages', 'competitive contexts', 'essential element', 'local levels', 'Care” pillar', 'constructive dialogue', 'benefits policy', 'market practices', 'pilot initiative', 'profit sharing', 'fair recognition', 'one team', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'Company Creation', 'financial success', 'Stellantis’ culture', 'respective demanding', '242,000 eligible employees', 'performance” approach', 'employees’ performance', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Stellantis Employees', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'employees’ achievements', '2023 Performance', 'country', 'Shares', 'France', 'Italy', 'up', 'commitment', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'heart', 'world', 'unions', 'countries', 'willingness', 'compensation', 'reflection', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830280/0/en/BIC-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-forming-the-capital-as-of-January-31-2024.html,BIC: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of January 31  2024,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of January 31  2024      CLICHY – February 15  2024    Article L......,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of January 31  2024CLICHY – February 15  2024Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of January 31  2024  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 42 270 689 shares  representing:62 760 500 voting rights 62 309 637 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were €2 233.9 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relations+33 6 37 01 42 68kimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAGENDAAll dates are subject to changeFull Year 2023 Results February 19  2024  post market close First Quarter 2024 Results April 23  2024  post market close 2023 AGM May 29  2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'January', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'French “Code de', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Press Relations contact', 'Investor Relations team', 'First Quarter 2024 Results', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'Isabelle de', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Lucky Stationary', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Full Year', 'post market', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'total number', 'Article L', 'world leader', 'Kimberly Stewart', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'January', 'CLICHY', 'February', 'Commerce', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Head', 'Segonzac', 'Image', 'AGENDA', 'dates', 'change', 'April', 'AGM', 'Attachment', '62']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6936839644945589,Orange  One of the World's Leading Telecoms Operators  Has Just Published Its Full Year Results for 2023,Orange  one of the world's leading telecoms operators  has just published its full year results for 2023. Christel Heydemann  CEO of Orange Group  comments on the results.       Watch video interview and read transcript here:       https://www.eurobusi...,"Orange  One of the World's Leading Telecoms Operators  Has Just Published Its Full Year Results for 2023Orange  one of the world's leading telecoms operators  has just published its full year results for 2023. Christel Heydemann  CEO of Orange Group  comments on the results.Watch video interview and read transcript here:https://www.eurobusinessmedia.com/video/orange-fy-2023-results/Topics covered in the interview include:2023 highlightsValue creation achievementsSegments outlookForecastAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 44.1 billion euros in 2023 and 137 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 73 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 298 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 254 million mobile customers and 25 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter : @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240215718550/en/Tom Wrighttom.wright@orange.com+33 6 78 91 35 11Caroline Celliercaroline.cellier@orange.com+33 6 07 25 00 06",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Leading Telecoms Operators', 'Full Year Results', 'Orange', 'World', '2023', 'New York Stock Exchange', '25 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Value creation achievements', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'Leading Telecoms Operators', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'Full Year Results', '254 million mobile customers', 'Tom Wright tom', 'other Orange product', 'Orange News app', '298 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'Christel Heydemann', 'Segments outlook', '44.1 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'Euronext Paris', 'symbol ORAN', 'service names', 'source version', 'Orange Business', 'The Group', 'video interview', 'Orange Group', 'Caroline Cellier', 'World', 'CEO', 'transcript', 'eurobusinessmedia', 'fy-20', 'Topics', '2023 highlights', 'Forecast', 'revenues', '137,000 employees', '31 December', '73,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'businesswire']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,investorsobserver.com
36266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MITHRA-PHARMACEUTICALS-S--22744124/news/Mithra-sells-shares-in-Mayne-Pharma-45964988/,Mithra sells shares in Mayne Pharma,(marketscreener.com)           Mithra sells shares in Mayne Pharma Mithra sold all 4 221 815 shares it held in Mayne Pharma for EUR ~12.8 millionAs the Mayne Pharma shares were pledged to the secured lenders of Mithra  the cash proceeds will be held in escrow…,"Mithra sells shares in Mayne PharmaMithra sold all 4 221 815 shares it held in Mayne Pharma for EUR ~12.8 millionAs the Mayne Pharma shares were pledged to the secured lenders of Mithra  the cash proceeds will be held in escrow by appointed security agents of lendersLiege  Belgium  15 February 2024 – 08:30 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to women’s health  today announces the sale of all 4 221 815 shares it held in Mayne Pharma Group Limited (ASX: MYX). The shares were sold at a price of A$ 5.03 per share for aggregate net proceeds of A$ 21 129 551 (approx. EUR 12.8 million).Further to Mithra’s 06 February 2024 announcement on its cash position  Mithra has sold its position in Mayne Pharma  with the consent of its lenders. Proceeds from the sale of shares will be applied to the prepayment of loans (together with any accrued interests and any option prepayment amount)  and/or operational purposes. As the Mayne Pharma shares were pledged for the benefit of Mithra's secured lenders  the cash from the sale of the Mayne shares will be held in escrow by the appointed security agents of Mithra’s lenders  until the use of proceeds has been determined by Mithra in agreement with the lenders.Mithra acquired the shares in Mayne Pharma as part of a License and Supply Agreement for an exclusive license to commercialize ESTELLE®  Mithra’s novel combined oral contraceptive  in the US  which was concluded in 2019.For more information  please contact:Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski  PhDHead of IR & Communicationsinvestorrelations@mithra.com +32 (0)4 349 28 22Frédérique DepraetereCommunications Directorinfo@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22About MithraMithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming women’s health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill ESTELLE®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product DONESTA®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE®  and DONESTA® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.About Mayne PharmaMayne Pharma is an ASX-listed specialty pharmaceutical company focused on commercializing novel pharmaceuticals  offering patients better  safe and more accessible medicines. Mayne Pharma also provides contract development and manufacturing services to clients worldwide. Mayne Pharma has a 40-year track record of innovation and success in developing new oral drug delivery systems. These technologies have been successfully commercialized in numerous products that continue to be marketed around the world. To learn more about Mayne Pharma  please visit maynepharma.comImportant informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law..Subscribe to our mailing list on investors.mithra.com to receivepress releases by email or follow us on social media:LinkedIn • X • FacebookAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['Mayne Pharma', 'Mithra', 'shares', 'Frédérique Depraetere Communications Director', 'new oral drug delivery systems', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'ASX-listed specialty pharmaceutical company', 'Mayne Pharma Group Limited', 'early drug development', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'complex liquid injectables', '40-year track record', 'first estetrol-based product', 'Belgian biopharmaceutical company', 'option prepayment amount', 'complex polymeric products', 'aggregate net proceeds', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Mayne Pharma shares', 'Communications investorrelations', 'oral contraceptive', 'new choices', 'second product', 'contract development', 'The Company', 'security agents', 'accrued interests', 'operational purposes', 'Alex Sokolowski', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'complete spectrum', 'clinical batches', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', 'Liège', 'novel pharmaceuticals', 'accessible medicines', 'manufacturing services', 'numerous products', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'mailing list', 'press releases', 'social media', 'Facebook Attachment', 'Mayne shares', 'looking statements', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Supply Agreement', 'exclusive license', 'Important information', 'cash proceeds', 'Mithra CDMO', 'cash position', '06 February 2024 announcement', '4,221,815 shares', '15 February', 'lenders', 'escrow', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '08:30 CET', 'MITRA', 'women', 'health', 'sale', 'MYX', 'price', 'consent', 'loans', 'benefit', 'use', 'ESTELLE®', 'PhD', 'Head', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'potential', 'applications', 'DONESTA®', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', 'trademarks', 'affiliates', 'commercializing', 'patients', 'clients', 'success', 'technologies', 'maynepharma', 'contents', 'words', 'project', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'investors', 'email', 'LinkedIn']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830257/0/en/Vantiva-Quickly-Onboards-New-Customers-Improves-Throughput-with-Softeon-s-Composable-Warehouse-Management-System.html,Vantiva Quickly Onboards New Customers & Improves Throughput with Softeon’s Composable Warehouse Management System,Softeon’s WMS empowers Vantiva to scale and expand its service model  resulting in efficient B2B and D2C fulfillment......,"RESTON  Va.  Feb. 15  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global supply chain leader that helps clients solve complex  end-to-end logistics challenges  chose Softeon   the only tier-1 warehouse management system (WMS) provider focused on optimizing warehouse and fulfillment performance to increase operational efficiency  resulting in faster new customer onboarding and fulfillment times.For over 100 years  Vantiva  formerly Technicolor   has been the film and entertainment leader. Now with decades of experience leading the supply chain industry in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution for game publishers  music labels  software developers  and book publishers  Vantiva’s service expansion to include many more markets and customers required a platform that could meet increasing consumer demand.""As we diversified our service model  now working with companies that need direct-to-consumer fulfillment  Vantiva needed a WMS with more flexibility to do more than fulfill huge business-to-business orders for retail  for example ” said Fred Holmes  Director of Information Technology  Vantiva. “What we found was that our tools that we built into our legacy systems did not really line up with the tools needed to complete high volume  smaller orders versus one order with a huge volume. It's different processes on the floor. It's totally different.”Needing faster onboarding of new customers and fulfillment capabilities for business-to-business (B2B) and direct-to-consumer (D2C) channels  Vantiva turned to Softeon for a more flexible  composable  scalable  and efficient WMS to fulfill sales orders for so many new clients. Unlike legacy systems Vantiva previously leveraged to fulfill orders for most of its customers  Softeon’s WMS enhanced operational efficiency  expanded integration capabilities  provided real-time visibility data insights  and improved inventory accuracy.“I don’t think we would have been as successful with getting our customers on the system if we went with a different provider ” said Holmes.From start to finish the WMS deployment time was three months or less  including Vantiva’s initial user acceptance testing (UAT) and then the UATs for each of Vantiva’s clients transitioning to Softeon’s platform.“Softeon is honored to provide limitless warehouse management solutions and around-the-clock customer support for Vantiva and other customers with highly automated warehouses globally ” said Jim Hoefflin  CEO of Softeon. “The service we’ve been able to provide for Vantiva since 2019 is an example of Softeon’s commitment to delivering limitless customer-centric solutions that propel businesses as their warehousing and fulfillment needs diversify and become more complex.""Softeon is committed to providing forward-looking software solutions to help companies worldwide scale successfully. Read the complete case study on the Softeon website . For additional information  please visit www.softeon.com .About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI). Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Following the acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks in January 2024  Vantiva continues its 130-year legacy as a global leader in the connected home market. Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.About SofteonSofteon is a WMS provider focused exclusively on optimizing warehouse and fulfillment operations. For over two decades now  we have been helping our customers succeed. Investing in R&D enables us to develop software to solve the most complex warehouse challenges. Softeon is laser-focused on customer results  with a 100% track record of deployment success. We believe warehouse leaders shouldn’t have to settle for a one size fits all approach to technology. For more information  please visit www.Softeon.com .MEDIA CONTACTLeah R H Robinson  APRLeadCoverageLeah@leadcoverage.com",neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.37,0.34,True,English,"['Composable Warehouse Management System', 'New Customers', 'Vantiva', 'Throughput', 'Softeon', 'real-time visibility data insights', 'initial user acceptance testing', 'Leah R H Robinson', 'tier-1 warehouse management system', 'limitless warehouse management solutions', 'global supply chain leader', 'supply chain industry', 'supply chain performance', 'limitless customer-centric solutions', 'complete case study', 'various vertical industries', 'corporate social responsibility', 'other smart spaces', 'video game creators', 'increasing consumer demand', 'network service providers', 'complex warehouse challenges', 'global technology leader', 'forward-looking software solutions', 'new customer onboarding', 'connected home market', 'WMS deployment time', 'end logistics challenges', 'many new clients', 'global leader', 'R&D', 'entertainment leader', 'end solutions', 'complex, end', 'game publishers', 'regulated market', 'entertainment industry', 'deployment success', 'warehouse leaders', 'LeadCoverage Leah', 'customer support', 'customer results', 'fulfillment performance', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'operational efficiency', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'music labels', 'software developers', 'book publishers', 'service expansion', 'service model', 'legacy systems', 'high volume', 'one order', 'huge volume', 'different processes', 'faster onboarding', 'new customers', 'D2C) channels', 'integration capabilities', 'inventory accuracy', 'different provider', 'automated warehouses', 'Jim Hoefflin', 'independent company', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'Home Networks', '130-year legacy', 'highest standards', '100% track record', 'one size', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'WMS) provider', 'efficient WMS', 'other customers', 'WMS provider', 'fulfillment times', 'consumer fulfillment', 'smaller orders', 'fulfillment capabilities', 'sales orders', 'fulfillment needs', 'Euronext Paris', 'huge business', 'Fred Holmes', 'Information Technology', 'additional information', 'two decades', 'business orders', 'software companies', 'fulfillment operations', 'Softeon website', 'Vantiva shares', 'RESTON', 'Va.', 'Feb.', '100 years', 'Technicolor', 'film', 'experience', 'distribution', 'markets', 'platform', 'flexibility', 'retail', 'example', 'Director', 'tools', 'floor', 'B2B', 'start', 'UAT', 'clock', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'businesses', 'warehousing', 'Edge', 'France', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'group', 'relationships', 'acquisition', 'CommScope', 'January', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'approach', 'APR']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Nyxoah-to-Release-Fourth-Quarter-and-Financial-Year-2023-Financial-Results-on-March-5-2024-45966351/,Nyxoah to Release Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2023 Financial Results on March 5  2024 -February 15  2024 at 04:31 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Nyxoah to Release Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2023 Financial Results on March 5  2024 Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – February 15  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA   a medical technology company focused on the development and…,Nyxoah to Release Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2023 Financial Results on March 5  2024Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – February 15  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will release financial results for the fourth quarter and financial year 2023 on Tuesday  March 5  2024  after market close. Company management will host a conference call to discuss financial results that day beginning at 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET.A webcast of the call will be accessible via the Investor Relations page of the Nyxoah website or through this link: Nyxoah's Q4 2023 earnings call webcast. For those not planning to ask a question of management  the Company recommends listening via the webcast.If you plan to ask a question  please use the following link: Nyxoah’s Q4 2023 earnings call. After registering  an email will be sent  including dial-in details and a unique conference call access code required to join the live call. To ensure you are connected prior to the beginning of the call  the Company suggests registering a minimum of 10 minutes before the start of the call.The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter', 'Financial Year', 'Financial Results', 'Nyxoah', 'March', 'February', '04:31', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'unique conference call access code', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'Chief Strategy Officer david', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'Financial Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Q4 2023 earnings call webcast', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'Investor Relations page', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Complete Concentric Collapse', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'competitors’ therapy', 'David DeMartino', 'live call', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'CCC) patients', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'OSA patients', '10:30pm CET', 'following link', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Nyxoah website', 'Company management', '4:30pm', 'March', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'February', 'NYXH', 'development', 'Tuesday', 'market', 'question', 'email', 'details', 'beginning', '10 minutes', 'start', 'replay', 'close', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'expansion', 'FDA', 'information', 'Caution', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830409/0/en/Nyxoah-to-Release-Fourth-Quarter-and-Financial-Year-2023-Financial-Results-on-March-5-2024.html,Nyxoah to Release Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2023 Financial Results on March 5  2024,Nyxoah to Release Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2023 Financial Results on March 5  2024  Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – February 15  2024  10:30pm CET...,Nyxoah to Release Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2023 Financial Results on March 5  2024Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – February 15  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will release financial results for the fourth quarter and financial year 2023 on Tuesday  March 5  2024  after market close. Company management will host a conference call to discuss financial results that day beginning at 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET.A webcast of the call will be accessible via the Investor Relations page of the Nyxoah website or through this link: Nyxoah's Q4 2023 earnings call webcast. For those not planning to ask a question of management  the Company recommends listening via the webcast.If you plan to ask a question  please use the following link: Nyxoah’s Q4 2023 earnings call. After registering  an email will be sent  including dial-in details and a unique conference call access code required to join the live call. To ensure you are connected prior to the beginning of the call  the Company suggests registering a minimum of 10 minutes before the start of the call.The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Financial Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Nyxoah', 'March', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'unique conference call access code', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'Chief Strategy Officer david', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'Financial Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Q4 2023 earnings call webcast', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'Investor Relations page', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Complete Concentric Collapse', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'competitors’ therapy', 'David DeMartino', 'live call', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'CCC) patients', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'OSA patients', '10:30pm CET', 'following link', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Nyxoah website', 'Company management', '4:30pm', 'March', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'February', 'NYXH', 'development', 'Tuesday', 'market', 'question', 'email', 'details', 'beginning', '10 minutes', 'start', 'replay', 'close', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'expansion', 'FDA', 'information', 'Caution', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/15/investors-buy-large-volume-of-put-options-on-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Investors Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) saw some unusual options trading activity on Wednesday. Investors bought 20 241 put options on the company. This is an increase of 75% compared to the average volume of 11 554 put options. Inve…,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) saw some unusual options trading activity on Wednesday. Investors bought 20 241 put options on the company. This is an increase of 75% compared to the average volume of 11 554 put options.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.9 %Shares of NYSEARCA:RSP opened at $158.79 on Thursday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $160.53. The company’s 50 day moving average is $156.52 and its two-hundred day moving average is $148.98. The company has a market cap of $44.89 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Institutional Inflows and OutflowsSeveral large investors have recently modified their holdings of RSP. Partnership Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter valued at $25 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 2nd quarter valued at $26 000. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 3rd quarter valued at $26 000. Howe & Rusling Inc. acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter worth $26 000. Finally  Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter worth $28 000.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Large Volume', 'Put Options', 'Investors', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'unusual options trading activity', 'Partnership Wealth Management LLC', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '50 day moving average', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'Householder Group Estate', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Several large investors', 'Rusling Inc.', 'Free Report', 'average volume', 'daily performance', 'email address', '20,241 put options', '11,554 put options', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'Institutional Inflows', 'new position', '4th quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'new stake', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '52 week low', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'Get', 'Wednesday', 'increase', 'Shares', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'Outflows', 'holdings', 'Howe', 'transportation', 'Reading']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,etfdailynews.com
36271,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMMERZBANK-AG-120787930/news/Commerzbank-AG-Pre-Stabilisation-notice-45959079/,Commerzbank AG - Pre-Stabilisation notice,(marketscreener.com)  February 15  2024 Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States or any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful.  Banco BPI  S.A.EUR 500 000 000 Obrigações Cobertas - European Covered Bond …,February 15  2024Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States or any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful.Banco BPI  S.A.EUR 500 000 000 Obrigações Cobertas - European Covered Bond (Premium) due 2030Pre-Stabilisation NoticeCommerzbank AG (contact: Daniela Olt-Farrelly; telephone: +49 69 136-20) hereby announces  as Stabilisation Coordinator  that the Stabilising Managers named below may stabilise the offer of the following securities in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU Regulation 596/2014).The security to be stabilised: Issuer: Banco BPI  S.A. Guarantor (if any): none Aggregate nominal amount: EUR 500 000 000 Description: European Covered Bonds Offer price: tbc Other offer terms: maturity March 2030  expected rating Aaa by Moody's/AA by DBRS Stabilisation: Stabilisation Coordinator: Stabilising Managers: Commerzbank CaixaBank HSBC LBBW UniCredit Stabilisation period expected to start on: 15th February 2024 Stabilisation period expected to end on: no later than 30 days after the proposed issue date of the securities Existence  maximum size and conditions of use of over-allotment facility. The Stabilising Managers may over-allot the securities to the extent permitted in accordance with applicable law. Stabilisation trading venue: Euronext LisbonIn connection with the offer of the above securities  the Stabilising Manager(s) may over-allot the securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the securities during the stabilisation period at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However  stabilisation may not necessarily occur and any stabilisation action  if begun  may cease at any time Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to underwrite  subscribe for or otherwise acquire or dispose of any securities of the Issuer in any jurisdiction.This announcement is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful.END,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Commerzbank AG', 'Pre-Stabilisation notice', 'Commerzbank CaixaBank HSBC LBBW UniCredit Stabilisation period', 'European Covered Bonds Offer price', 'none Aggregate nominal amount', '0,000 Obrigações Cobertas', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Stabilisation trading venue', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'S.A. Guarantor', 'Other offer terms', 'The Stabilising Managers', 'Commerzbank AG', 'market price', 'Stabilisation Coordinator', 'DBRS Stabilisation', 'stabilisation action', 'EU Regulation', 'United States', 'Banco BPI', 'Pre-Stabilisation Notice', 'Daniela Olt-Farrelly', 'issue date', 'maximum size', 'applicable law', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'information purposes', 'other jurisdiction', '15th February 2024', 'allotment facility', 'securities Existence', 'distribution', 'Premium', 'contact', 'telephone', 'accordance', 'security', 'Issuer', 'Description', 'maturity', 'rating', 'Aaa', 'Moody', 'conditions', 'extent', 'connection', 'transactions', 'view', 'level', 'time', 'rules', 'announcement', 'invitation', 'END', '30']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36272,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/economy/marketmind-asia-techs-bask-in-nvidia-afterglow-3304247,Marketmind: Asia techs bask in Nvidia afterglow By Reuters,Marketmind: Asia techs bask in Nvidia afterglow,Published Feb 15  2024 12:33AM ET2/2 © Reuters. The logo of NVIDIA as seen at its corporate headquarters in Santa Clara  California  in May of 2022. Courtesy NVIDIA/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo 2/2JP225 +0.92% Add to/Remove from Watchlist GOOGL -1.58% Add to/Remove from Watchlist AMZN -0.17% Add to/Remove from Watchlist NVDA -0.06% Add to/Remove from Watchlist TSM -1.81% Add to/Remove from WatchlistA look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Ankur BanerjeeA tech-fuelled rally in Asia  powered by the world's largest contract chipmaker TSMC has equities perking up  while Japan's sudden dip into recession put a question mark on the timing of the Bank of Japan's exit from ultra-loose policy.Taiwan stocks rocketed to a record high on Thursday after the Lunar New Year holiday break  with chip shares catching up with their global peers.Also boosting sentiment in the tech space was Nvidia (NASDAQ: )  surging past Google-parent Alphabet (NASDAQ: ) to become the third-most valuable U.S. company on Wednesday  after just overtaking Amazon (NASDAQ: ) ahead of the chipmaker's earnings next week.TSMC  which is a major Nvidia supplier  soared 8% to a new high and is on track to clock its biggest one-day percentage gain since November 2022. MSCI's index of IT stocks in Asia-Pacific outside Japan jumped 3%.The also got a boost from chip stocks  notching yet another 34-year high and remains on the charge to eclipse its record peak last seen in December 1989.Traders shrugged off data from Japan which showed the country losing its title as the world's third-biggest economy to Germany after unexpectedly slipping into recession at the end of last year.That has raised doubts about when the central bank will phase out its massive monetary stimulus  with many analysts expecting the Bank of Japan to move sometime this year.The fragile yen strengthened a tad on the day but remains in the 150 per dollar region  with traders on the watch for any intervention related chatter.The afterglow of Nvidia's meteoric rise might give European bourses a lift too  with futures indicating a higher open.UK data are also on the radar  headlined by preliminary Q4 GDP as well as trade figures. The reports will be influential in determining the Bank of England's policy outlook  especially after British inflation unexpectedly held steady in January.Interest rate futures are now pricing in a roughly 50% chance the BoE will cut the Bank Rate to 5.0% from a 16 year-high of 5.25% in June  according to LSE Group data. Markets are pricing in 70 basis points of cuts in the year.Key developments that could influence markets on Thursday:Economic events: UK prelim GDP for Q4  UK business investment for Q4Earnings: Airbus  Stellantis (NYSE: )  Euronext,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,mixed,0.11,0.3,0.59,True,English,"['Asia techs', 'Nvidia afterglow', 'Marketmind', 'Reuters', 'most valuable U.S. company', 'Lunar New Year holiday break', 'biggest one-day percentage gain', 'massive monetary stimulus', 'intervention related chatter', 'largest contract chipmaker', 'LSE Group data', 'UK business investment', 'major Nvidia supplier', 'preliminary Q4 GDP', 'Interest rate futures', 'new high', 'last year', 'corporate headquarters', 'Santa Clara', 'Courtesy NVIDIA/Handout', 'REUTERS/File Photo', 'Ankur Banerjee', 'tech-fuelled rally', 'sudden dip', 'question mark', 'ultra-loose policy', 'Taiwan stocks', 'chip shares', 'global peers', 'tech space', 'Google-parent Alphabet', 'IT stocks', 'chip stocks', 'record peak', 'third-biggest economy', 'many analysts', 'fragile yen', 'dollar region', 'meteoric rise', 'higher open', 'UK data', 'trade figures', 'policy outlook', 'British inflation', '70 basis points', 'Key developments', 'Economic events', 'Q4 Earnings', 'Bank Rate', 'Watchlist GOOGL', 'Watchlist AMZN', 'Watchlist NVDA', 'Watchlist TSM', 'record high', 'European bourses', 'central bank', 'global markets', '16 year', 'Feb', 'logo', 'California', 'May', 'JP225', 'Asia', 'world', 'TSMC', 'equities', 'Japan', 'recession', 'timing', 'exit', 'Thursday', 'sentiment', 'NASDAQ', 'Wednesday', 'Amazon', 'track', 'November', 'MSCI', 'index', 'boost', 'charge', 'December', 'Traders', 'country', 'title', 'Germany', 'end', 'doubts', 'tad', '150 per', 'afterglow', 'lift', 'radar', 'reports', 'England', 'January', '50% chance', 'BoE', 'June', 'cuts', 'Airbus', 'Stellantis', 'NYSE', 'Euronext', '©']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,investing.com
36273,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NVIDIA-CORPORATION-57355629/news/Asia-techs-bask-in-Nvidia-afterglow-45955500/,Asia techs bask in Nvidia afterglow,(marketscreener.com) A look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Ankur Banerjeehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NVIDIA-CORPORATION-57355629/news/Asia-techs-bask-in-Nvidia-afterglow-45955500/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240215,A look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Ankur BanerjeeA tech-fuelled rally in Asia  powered by the world's largest contract chipmaker TSMC has equities perking up  while Japan's sudden dip into recession put a question mark on the timing of the Bank of Japan's exit from ultra-loose policy.Taiwan stocks rocketed to a record high on Thursday after the Lunar New Year holiday break  with chip shares catching up with their global peers.Also boosting sentiment in the tech space was Nvidia  surging past Google-parent Alphabet to become the third-most valuable U.S. company on Wednesday  after just overtaking Amazon ahead of the chipmaker's earnings next week.TSMC  which is a major Nvidia supplier  soared 8% to a new high and is on track to clock its biggest one-day percentage gain since November 2022. MSCI's index of IT stocks in Asia-Pacific outside Japan jumped 3%.The Nikkei also got a boost from chip stocks  notching yet another 34-year high and remains on the charge to eclipse its record peak last seen in December 1989.Traders shrugged off data from Japan which showed the country losing its title as the world's third-biggest economy to Germany after unexpectedly slipping into recession at the end of last year.That has raised doubts about when the central bank will phase out its massive monetary stimulus  with many analysts expecting the Bank of Japan to move sometime this year.The fragile yen strengthened a tad on the day but remains in the 150 per dollar region  with traders on the watch for any intervention related chatter.The afterglow of Nvidia's meteoric rise might give European bourses a lift too  with futures indicating a higher open.UK data are also on the radar  headlined by preliminary Q4 GDP as well as trade figures. The reports will be influential in determining the Bank of England's policy outlook  especially after British inflation unexpectedly held steady in January.Interest rate futures are now pricing in a roughly 50% chance the BoE will cut the Bank Rate to 5.0% from a 16 year-high of 5.25% in June  according to LSE Group data. Markets are pricing in 70 basis points of cuts in the year.Key developments that could influence markets on Thursday:Economic events: UK prelim GDP for Q4  UK business investment for Q4Earnings: Airbus  Stellantis  Euronext(Editing by Jacqueline Wong),neutral,0.06,0.85,0.1,mixed,0.12,0.27,0.62,True,English,"['Asia techs', 'Nvidia afterglow', 'most valuable U.S. company', 'Lunar New Year holiday break', 'biggest one-day percentage gain', 'massive monetary stimulus', 'intervention related chatter', 'largest contract chipmaker', 'LSE Group data', 'UK business investment', 'major Nvidia supplier', 'preliminary Q4 GDP', 'Interest rate futures', 'new high', 'biggest economy', 'last year', 'Ankur Banerjee', 'tech-fuelled rally', 'sudden dip', 'question mark', 'ultra-loose policy', 'Taiwan stocks', 'chip shares', 'global peers', 'tech space', 'Google-parent Alphabet', 'IT stocks', 'The Nikkei', 'chip stocks', 'record peak', 'many analysts', 'fragile yen', 'dollar region', 'meteoric rise', 'higher open', 'UK data', 'trade figures', 'policy outlook', 'British inflation', '70 basis points', 'Key developments', 'Economic events', 'Q4 Earnings', 'Jacqueline Wong', 'Bank Rate', 'record high', 'European bourses', 'central bank', 'global markets', '16 year', 'Asia', 'world', 'TSMC', 'equities', 'Japan', 'recession', 'timing', 'exit', 'Thursday', 'sentiment', 'third', 'Wednesday', 'Amazon', 'track', 'November', 'MSCI', 'index', 'boost', 'charge', 'December', 'Traders', 'country', 'title', 'Germany', 'end', 'doubts', 'tad', '150 per', 'watch', 'afterglow', 'lift', 'radar', 'reports', 'England', 'January', '50% chance', 'BoE', 'June', 'cuts', 'Airbus', 'Stellantis', 'Euronext']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36274,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Japan-and-Taiwan-grant-Lleida-net-two-new-patents-45958935/,Japan and Taiwan grant Lleida.net two new patents,(marketscreener.com) Madrid  February 15.- The intellectual property authorities of Japan and the Republic of China have granted the Spanish listed company Lleida.net two new patents for trust technology services. In Japan  the Japan Patent Office has awarded…,"Madrid  February 15.- The intellectual property authorities of Japan and the Republic of China (Taiwan) have granted the Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) two new patents for trust technology services.In Japan  the Japan Patent Office (JPO) has awarded the listed company a patent for its ""Universal Certified and Qualified Contracting Method""  a technology that speeds up certified universal contracting processes and guarantees the validity  legality and effectiveness of contracts.Similarly  the Taiwan Intellectual Property Office (TIPO) has recognized the company with another patent for its Electronic Contract Certification Platform and Method for Electronic Identification and Trust Services (EIDAS).""The achievement of more and new patents in East Asia  one of the most technologically advanced markets in the world  is a key recognition for the company's capabilities "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of Lleida.net.So far  11 Asian countries have recognized Lleida.net's inventions with almost 40 patents  including Japan  China  the Gulf Cooperation Council  India or Israel.Lleida.net is the European leader in the certified electronic signature  contracting and notification industry.Its intellectual property portfolio is one of the largest in the industry  with 308 patents.The company  founded in 1995  first went public in Madrid in 2015.It subsequently went public on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018  and on OTC Markets in New York in 2020. Its securities are also traded on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.DISCLAIMERThis press release contains statements regarding the future of the Lleida.net company and its innovations. Statements regarding the future may be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""wait""  ""anticipate""  ""pretend""  ""power""  ""plan""  ""potential""  the use of future time and other terms of similar meaning. No undue reliance should be placed on these claims. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements  including uncertainty of the company's commercial success  ability to protect our intellectual property rights  and other risks. These statements are based on current beliefs and forecasts and refer only to the date of this press release. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update its forward-looking statements  regardless of whether new information  future events or any other circumstance arise.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['two new patents', 'Japan', 'Taiwan', 'Lleida', 'net', 'Spanish listed company Lleida.net', 'Electronic Contract Certification Platform', 'Taiwan Intellectual Property Office', 'certified universal contracting processes', 'intellectual property authorities', 'intellectual property portfolio', 'intellectual property rights', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Stuttgart stock exchanges', 'Qualified Contracting Method', 'Lleida.net company', 'two new patents', 'trust technology services', 'Japan Patent Office', 'Universal Certified', 'Electronic Identification', 'Trust Services', 'New York', 'new information', 'OTCQX:LLEIF', 'East Asia', 'advanced markets', 'key recognition', 'Sisco Sapena', '11 Asian countries', 'European leader', 'OTC Markets', 'press release', 'other terms', 'similar meaning', 'undue reliance', 'actual results', 'commercial success', 'current beliefs', 'other circumstance', 'notification industry', 'future time', 'other risks', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', '40 patents', '308 patents', 'Madrid', 'Republic', 'China', 'BME', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'JPO', 'validity', 'legality', 'effectiveness', 'contracts', 'TIPO', 'EIDAS', 'achievement', 'world', 'capabilities', 'CEO', 'founder', 'inventions', 'India', 'Israel', 'securities', 'Frankfurt', 'DISCLAIMER', 'innovations', 'words', 'power', 'plan', 'use', 'claims', 'uncertainties', 'uncertainty', 'ability', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36275,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829578/0/en/CARBIOS-and-De-Smet-Engineers-Contractors-enter-engineering-partnership-for-construction-of-world-s-first-PET-biorecycling-plant.html,CARBIOS and De Smet Engineers & Contractors enter engineering partnership for construction of world’s first PET biorecycling plant,CARBIOS and De Smet Engineers & Contractors enter engineering partnership for construction of world’s first PET biorecycling plant  ...,CARBIOS and De Smet Engineers & Contractors enter engineering partnership for construction of world’s first PET biorecycling plantClermont-Ferrand  France  15 February 2024 (06.45am CET) CARBIOS (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles  and De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC)  a world-class provider of Engineering  Procurement and Construction services in the biotech’s and agro-processing industries  jointly announce their collaboration to spearhead the construction of the world's first PET biorecycling plant. Under the agreement  De Smet has been entrusted with the project management and detailed engineering  including procurement assistance and CARBIOS partners’ management  to ensure the execution of the plant's construction in Longlaville  France  due for commissioning in 2025. CARBIOS’ first commercial facility will play a key role in the fight against plastic pollution by offering an industrial-scale solution for the enzymatic depolymerization of PET waste to accelerate a circular economy for plastic and textiles.With over 70 members of De Smet's expert team dedicated to the project and working alongside CARBIOS teams  the collaboration aims to guarantee the project timeline and budget while upholding stringent quality  safety  health  and environmental standards. Construction is currently underway and on schedule.Emmanuel Ladent  CEO of CARBIOS: “De Smet was selected after a comprehensive bidding process  and we are very confident in our successful cooperation. De Smet has an excellent track record in the engineering and management of complex industrial projects and has extensive experience in water-based technologies. With our combined expertise and shared ambition  this collaboration marks a significant step towards fulfilling CARBIOS' vision of a sustainable future for plastic and textiles.”Dimitri de Suraÿ  CEO of De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC): “Perfectly aligned with our ambition to contribute to the environmental transition by implementing novel biotechnology process and by boosting the bio-economy  we are proud to support CARBIOS' groundbreaking investment  thanks to our agility in project execution which ensures its timely and competitive industrial realization. We are thrilled to have been entrusted by CARBIOS with the construction of the plant and are fully committed to the success of this innovative project.”About the world’s first PET biorecycling plantCARBIOS' technology enables PET circularity and provides an alternative raw material to petro-sourced monomers  allowing PET producers  waste management companies  public entities  and brands to have an efficient solution to meet regulatory requirements and fulfill their own sustainability commitments. The plant will have a processing capacity of 50 000 tons of post-consumer PET waste per year (equivalent to 2 billion colored PET bottles  2.5 billion PET trays  or 300 million T-shirts) and will address waste with little or no value to date such as colored PET bottles  food trays  and textiles. The plant will create 150 direct and indirect jobs in the region. In October 2023  CARBIOS obtained the building and site operating permits. The plant is currently under construction in Longlaville in the Grand-Est Region on land officially acquired from Indorama Ventures on 14 February 2024.###About CARBIOS:CARBIOS is a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles. Inspired by nature  CARBIOS develops enzyme-based processes to break down plastic with a mission to avoid plastic and textile pollution  and accelerate the transition to a circular economy. Its two disruptive technologies for the biorecycling of PET and the biodegradation of PLA are reaching industrial and commercial scale. Its biorecycling demonstration plant has been operational since 2021 and a first industrial plant  in partnership with Indorama Ventures  is due to be commissioned in 2025. CARBIOS has received scientific recognition  notably with the cover of Nature  and is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  Food & Beverage and apparel industries to enhance their products’ recyclability and circularity. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by CARBIOS and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp. and Salomon collaborate with CARBIOS in a textile consortium.Visit www.carbios.com/en to find out more about biotechnology powering plastic and textile circularity.LinkedIn: CARBIOS / Instagram: insidecarbiosInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code: FR0011648716 Ticker Code: Euronext Growth: ALCRB LEI: 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08CARBIOS  founded in 2011 by Truffle Capital  is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in CARBIOS in any country.About De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC):De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC)  incorporated in Belgium (part of Moret Industries Group)  is an engineering & general contractor company serving the biotech’s and agro-processing industry focused on bio-based or circular industries  including decarbonization & de-fossilization  as well the sugars & ethanol  vegetable oils & derivatives  alt proteins & ingredients  agro-nutrients industries. DSEC provides the industry with process integration  engineering  project management and general contracting services from turnkey management (EPCM) to full turnkey construction (EPC).Visit www.dsengineers.com to find out more about DSEC’s contribution to bio-based industry.LinkedIn: DSEC / Facebook: DeSmetEngineers / YouTube: DeSmetEngineersFor additional information  please contact:DSEC DSEC Raphaël Hannoir Wolfgang Ranfft Business Development & Marketing Manager Vice-President Bio-based Products rah@dsengineers.com wra@dsengineers.com +32 477 512 716 +32 476 580 939CARBIOS Press Relations (France) Press Relations (U.S) Press Relations (DACH & UK) Melissa Flauraud Iconic Rooney Partners MC Services Press Relations Marie-Virginie Klein Kate L. Barrette Anne-Hennecke Melissa.flauraud@carbios.com mvk@iconic-conseil.com kbarrette@rooneyco.com carbios@mc-services.eu +33 (0)6 30 26 50 04 +33 (0)1 44 14 99 96 +1 212 223 0561 +49 (0)211 529 252 22Benjamin Audebert Investor Relations contact@carbios.com +33 (0)4 73 86 51 76Translation is for information purposes only.In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the English version shall prevailDisclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by CARBIOS. CARBIOS operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. CARBIOS draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which CARBIOS operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if CARBIOS’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of CARBIOS’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will CARBIOS be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. CARBIOS makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.28,0.28,True,English,"['first PET biorecycling plant', 'De Smet Engineers', 'engineering partnership', 'CARBIOS', 'Contractors', 'construction', 'world', '2 billion colored PET bottles', 'first PET biorecycling plant', 'first commercial facility', 'comprehensive bidding process', 'excellent track record', 'alternative raw material', 'site operating permits', 'L’Oréal', 'income tax rebates', '2.5 billion PET trays', 'complex industrial projects', 'Dimitri de Suraÿ', 'competitive industrial realization', 'biorecycling demonstration plant', 'first industrial plant', 'two disruptive technologies', 'post-consumer PET waste', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'novel biotechnology process', 'De Smet Engineers', 'waste management companies', ""CARBIOS' groundbreaking investment"", 'CARBIOS partners’ management', 'PET producers', 'commercial scale', 'biological technologies', 'water-based technologies', 'food trays', 'project management', 'life cycle', 'world-class provider', 'agro-processing industries', 'key role', 'industrial-scale solution', 'enzymatic depolymerization', 'circular economy', 'expert team', 'environmental standards', 'Emmanuel Ladent', 'successful cooperation', 'extensive experience', 'combined expertise', 'significant step', 'sustainable future', 'petro-sourced monomers', 'public entities', 'efficient solution', 'regulatory requirements', 'sustainability commitments', 'processing capacity', '300 million T-shirts', 'indirect jobs', 'Indorama Ventures', 'biological solutions', 'enzyme-based processes', 'textile pollution', 'scientific recognition', 'apparel industries', 'products’ recyclability', 'Nestlé Waters', 'packaging consortium', 'PVH Corp.', 'textile consortium', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker Code', 'Truffle Capital', 'government program', 'French residents', 'press release', 'project timeline', 'innovative project', 'Food Europe', 'detailed engineering', 'procurement assistance', 'environmental transition', 'Grand-Est Region', 'biotech company', 'prestigious brands', 'Suntory Beverage', 'insidecarbios Information', 'ALCRB LEI', 'CARBIOS teams', ""CARBIOS' vision"", ""CARBIOS' technology"", 'CARBIOS shares', 'textile circularity', 'project execution', 'Construction services', 'plastic pollution', 'engineering partnership', 'Contractors', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'February', 'pioneer', 'development', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'DSEC', 'collaboration', 'agreement', 'Longlaville', 'commissioning', 'fight', '70 members', 'budget', 'health', 'schedule', 'CEO', 'shared', 'ambition', 'bio-economy', 'agility', 'timely', '50,000 tons', 'year', 'little', 'value', 'date', '150 direct', 'October', 'building', 'land', 'nature', 'biodegradation', 'cover', 'cosmetics', 'PepsiCo', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', '969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08', 'PEA-PME', 'SMEs', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36276,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829584/0/en/Leisure-Travel-Division-of-ACI-BLUETEAM-provides-Sostravel-com-s-Lost-Luggage-Concierge-and-Dr-Travel-services-on-the-PrenotACI-platform.html,Leisure Travel Division of ACI BLUETEAM provides Sostravel.com’s Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr.Travel services on the PrenotACI platform,ROME  Feb. 15  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sostravel.com S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new commercial agreement with the leisure travel division of ACI blueteam Spa  a company of the ACI Group (Automobile Club Italia)  for the sale of Lost Luggage Concie…,"ROME  Feb. 15  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sostravel.com S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new commercial agreement with the leisure travel division of ACI blueteam Spa  a company of the ACI Group (Automobile Club Italia)  for the sale of Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel services through the network of 43 leisure travel partner agencies of ACI blueteam.The Lost Luggage Concierge service is an exclusive baggage search  tracking  and redelivery service made available through the PrenotACI.travel platform. This service includes active tracking  offering compensation of up to €100 per day for delayed baggage delivery from 48 hours after reporting  and up to €4 000 for definitive loss of luggage.Dr. Travel is a telemedicine service that changes how travelers receive instant medical assistance. It offers on-call video visits  making it accessible and affordable for travelers who need medical consultations during their movements. This service is available via the PrenotACI.travel platform and can be easily activated by inserting a pin-code  allowing users to book their appointments and start the visit with a doctor/pediatrician.Massimo Crippa  General Manager of Sostravel.com  commented: ""We are pleased to announce a new strategic partnership between Sostravel.com and the leisure travel division of ACI blueteam  which marks a significant step forward in our commitment to providing innovative and valuable services to travelers. Through this agreement  Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel will be available on the PrenotACI platform of the prestigious ACI blueteam agency network  offering travelers immediate and reliable solutions for any mishaps during their travels.""Massimiliano Biella  Leisure Travel Director of ACI blueteam  concluded: ""We are happy to join forces with Sostravel.com  a leader in the digital services sector for travelers. This collaboration expands our service offering and underscores our dedication to improving the travel experience through advanced and accessible technological solutions.""About Sostravel.comSostravel.com S.p.A. is a digital services company for travelers  operating through the sostravel and flio apps  and the web platforms www.sostravel.com and www.amareitalia.comThe company develops digital solutions for travelers  such as Lost Luggage Concierge for luggage tracking and protection and Dr. Travel  the telemedicine solution for travelers.Over 1 million travelers worldwide have used Sostravel.com as a travel companion to find offers and receive information to improve the quality of their trips.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Milan with the symbol SOS and on the OTCQB in New York with the symbol SOSAF.About ACI blueteamACI blueteam SpA is a company of the ACI Group (Automobile Club Italia)  specializing in services in the Business Travel  MICE  Leisure  and Partner Agency services sector. Founded in 1998  it ranks among Italy's top 5 Travel Management Companies by volume.Recognized by the market and its prestigious clients as an example of dedication to service  it makes 'customer quality' its corporate mission.It meets the mobility needs of companies and private individuals  combining technological innovation and human capital to guarantee the traveler a unique experience and the corporate client the offer of personalized services with highly performing products.Sostravel.com.com.com S.p.A.Edoardo ZarghettaInvestor RelationsInvestor.relations@sostravel.comACI BlueteamMassimiliano BiellaLeisure Travel Directorcommerciale.leisure@aciblueteam.it",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.41,0.19,True,English,"['Leisure Travel Division', 'Lost Luggage Concierge', 'Dr.Travel services', 'ACI BLUETEAM', 'PrenotACI platform', 'Sostravel', 'Sostravel.com S.p.A.', 'The Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'Massimiliano Biella Leisure Travel Director', 'prestigious ACI blueteam agency network', 'Partner Agency services sector', '43 leisure travel partner agencies', 'top 5 Travel Management Companies', 'Automobile Club Italia', 'call video visits', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'digital services sector', 'leisure travel division', 'new strategic partnership', 'exclusive baggage search', 'instant medical assistance', 'PrenotACI.travel platform', 'ACI blueteam Spa', 'accessible technological solutions', 'Dr. Travel services', 'new commercial agreement', 'digital services company', 'prestigious clients', 'PrenotACI platform', 'digital solutions', 'travel experience', 'travel companion', 'Business Travel', 'New York', 'valuable services', 'personalized services', 'ACI Group', 'baggage delivery', 'medical consultations', 'luggage tracking', 'technological innovation', 'reliable solutions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'redelivery service', 'definitive loss', 'telemedicine service', 'Massimo Crippa', 'General Manager', 'significant step', 'service offering', 'flio apps', 'web platforms', 'telemedicine solution', 'corporate mission', 'mobility needs', 'private individuals', 'human capital', 'unique experience', 'corporate client', 'performing products', 'Edoardo Zarghetta', 'active tracking', 'customer quality', '1 million travelers', 'Investor Relations', 'ROME', 'Feb.', 'sale', 'compensation', 'day', '48 hours', 'reporting', 'movements', 'pin-code', 'users', 'appointments', 'doctor/pediatrician', 'commitment', 'innovative', 'immediate', 'mishaps', 'travels', 'forces', 'leader', 'collaboration', 'dedication', 'advanced', 'amareitalia', 'protection', 'Over', 'offers', 'information', 'trips', 'symbol', 'OTCQB', 'SOSAF', 'MICE', 'Italy', 'volume', 'market', 'example', 'highly', 'aciblueteam']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36277,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Chief-Medical-Officer-to-explore-GenAI-and-healthcare-at-ViVE-2024-45963222/,Wolters Kluwer Chief Medical Officer to explore GenAI and healthcare at ViVE 2024,(marketscreener.com) Dr. Peter Bonis will examine the potential of advanced technologies at leading health tech eventhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Chief-Medical-Officer-to-explore-GenAI-and-healthcare-at…,Dr. Peter Bonis will examine the potential of advanced technologies at leading health tech eventDr. Peter Bonis  the Chief Medical Officer for Wolters Kluwer Health  will speak on the role of artificial intelligence (AI) and healthcare at a leading digital health tech industry event  ViVE 2024. The panel  titled “Lights  Camera  AI in Action: The AI Opening Act” will be held on Mon.  Feb. 26 at 10AM PST. Panelists will address the potential of AI technologies including Generative AI (GenAI) to revolutionize the care experience for both patients and healthcare professionals.“Many efforts are underway to take advantage of advanced technologies including GenAI in the healthcare domain. Where  how  and when they will achieve scaled up adoption remains uncertain  although many examples already offer a preview ” said Dr. Bonis. “Safety and effectiveness remain critical considerations  particularly when these technologies are applied to high-stakes domains such as clinical decision-making.”Moderating the panel is Dr. John Whyte  Chief Medical Officer of WebMD. Joining Dr. Bonis as panelists are Kyna Fong  CEO and Co-Founder of Elation Health; Sunil Dadlani  EVP and Chief Information and Digital Transformation Officer at Atlantic Health System; and Susan Pasley  Chief Nursing Officer of CareRev.As part of the ViVE “Lights  Camera  AI in Action” track  the panel will explore innovative use cases of AI before patients even enter the waiting room  ultimately optimizing the healthcare journey from the outset. According to ViVE:Long before the patient takes center stage in the care setting  AI is hard at work. From scheduling to intake and triage  AI has the potential to revolutionize the care experience for both patients and healthcare workers. Imagine AI orchestrating efficient patient scheduling  skillfully triaging symptoms to determine the necessity of an in-person visit  and even addressing billing and insurance queries pre-visit to ensure providers are in-network. By tackling these operational aspects beforehand  AI sets the stage for a more productive and seamless in-person encounter.Building on Wolters Kluwer’s solid AI foundationWolters Kluwer Health is already working with healthcare systems on integrating GenAI into UpToDate® through its experimental AI Labs. The company is committed to setting a standard for the responsible application of generative AI to the complex realities of front-line healthcare. A recent Wolters Kluwer Health survey  “Generative AI in Healthcare: Gaining Consumer Trust ” reveals one of the biggest concerns Americans have about GenAI in healthcare is not knowing where the medical information being used came from or how it is validated.Approximately 50% of Wolters Kluwer’s digital revenues now come from products that leverage artificial intelligence. Wolters Kluwer products  services  and expert solutions are based on a foundation of trust  transparency  and responsibility—in line with the company’s values. Wolters Kluwer’s AI Principles  which guide the design  development and deployment of advanced technologies in helping customers solve their most complex problems  can be found here.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  and follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240215262069/en/,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.02,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Chief Medical Officer', 'GenAI', 'healthcare', 'ViVE', 'leading digital health tech industry event', 'recent Wolters Kluwer Health survey', 'leading health tech event', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'The AI Opening Act', 'Atlantic Health System', 'Digital Transformation Officer', 'innovative use cases', 'Chief Nursing Officer', 'Dr. John Whyte', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Dr. Peter Bonis', 'experimental AI Labs', 'Wolters Kluwer products', 'efficient patient scheduling', 'solid AI foundation', 'Elation Health', 'digital revenues', 'Dr. Bonis.', 'Chief Information', 'medical information', 'healthcare domain', 'artificial intelligence', 'care experience', 'Many efforts', 'many examples', 'critical considerations', 'high-stakes domains', 'clinical decision-making', 'Kyna Fong', 'Sunil Dadlani', 'Susan Pasley', 'waiting room', 'care setting', 'person visit', 'insurance queries', 'operational aspects', 'person encounter', 'responsible application', 'complex realities', 'biggest concerns', 'expert solutions', 'complex problems', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'advanced technologies', 'Generative AI', 'AI Principles', 'healthcare journey', 'healthcare workers', 'healthcare systems', 'front-line healthcare', 'AI technologies', 'center stage', 'Consumer Trust', 'healthcare professionals', 'potential', 'role', 'ViVE', 'panel', 'Lights', 'Camera', 'Action', 'Mon.', 'Feb.', '10AM', 'GenAI', 'patients', 'advantage', 'adoption', 'preview', 'Safety', 'effectiveness', 'WebMD', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'EVP', 'CareRev.', 'part', 'track', 'outset', 'intake', 'triage', 'symptoms', 'necessity', 'billing', 'providers', 'network', 'productive', 'seamless', 'UpToDate®', 'company', 'standard', 'Americans', 'services', 'transparency', 'responsibility', 'values', 'design', 'development', 'deployment', 'customers', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36278,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829626/0/en/Ahead-of-a-major-global-election-year-populism-remains-strong.html,Ahead of a major global election year  populism remains strong,Ahead of a major global election year  populism remains strong           Paris  February 15th  2024 - Ipsos  one of the world's leading market research......,Ahead of a major global election year  populism remains strongParis  February 15th  2024 - Ipsos  one of the world's leading market research companies  releases a study across 28 countries highlighting the strength of populism in these countries. It notably unveils the following key findings:Anti-establishment views are widespread  reflecting frustrations with inequality  slower growth  and the inability for governments to deliver. In a significant election year  63% of people on average across 28 countries 1 believe their country needs “a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful”.believe their country needs “a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful”. Populist sentiment is fuelled by a general sense among respondents that their country is in decline (58%) and that society is broken (57%)  even in countries with good GDP growth.When jobs are scarce  59% favour employers prioritizing hiring “people of this country” over immigrants.Majority (62%) see elites as a closely connected group with similar views on many important issues.Most want a stronger  more activist government  even given the anti-establishment fervour: Seventy-five percent support governments increasing their spending on healthcare  and 67% support governments increasing funding toward poverty reduction. Similarly  Ipsos’ Global Trends study finds that 74% fear their government will not provide enough support in the future.Ipsos will be polling on elections around the world and will continue tracking these attitudes.Access the full report: https://www.ipsos.com/en/populism-remains-strong1 The “28-country average” reflects the average result for all the countries and markets where the survey was conducted. It has not been adjusted to the population size of each country or market and is not intended to suggest a total result. All global numbers cited reflect this 28-country average.Technical note: Ipsos interviewed 20 630 people online in the following countries between November 22 and December 06  2023. Quotas were set to ensure representativeness and data have been weighted to the known population profile of each country. The sample consists of approximately 1 000 individuals each in Australia  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Great Britain  Italy  Japan  Spain  and the U.S.  and 500 individuals each in Argentina  Belgium  Chile  Colombia  Hungary  Indonesia  Malaysia  Mexico  the Netherlands  Peru  Poland  Singapore  South Africa  South Korea  Sweden  Thailand  and Turkey. The sample in India consists of approximately 2 200 individuals  of whom approximately 1 800 were interviewed face-to-face and 400 were interviewed online.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operatingin 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTél. + 33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.25,0.67,0.08,negative,0.02,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['major global election year', 'populism', 'major global election year', 'leading market research companies', 'Ipsos’ Global Trends study', 'significant election year', 'curious research professionals', 'many important issues', 'largest market research', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Val de Marne', 'following key findings', 'good GDP growth', 'global numbers', 'polling companies', 'slower growth', 'Anti-establishment views', 'strong leader', 'Populist sentiment', 'general sense', 'similar views', 'anti-establishment fervour', 'Seventy-five percent', 'poverty reduction', 'enough support', 'full report', '28-country average', 'average result', 'population size', 'total result', 'Technical note', 'population profile', 'Great Britain', 'U.S.', 'South Africa', 'South Korea', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', '75 business solutions', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'Tél', 'following countries', 'activist government', 'primary data', 'changing world', 'Euronext Paris', '28 countries', 'populism', 'February', 'strength', 'frustrations', 'inequality', 'inability', 'governments', 'people', 'respondents', 'decline', 'society', 'jobs', 'employers', 'immigrants', 'Majority', 'elites', 'group', 'spending', 'healthcare', 'funding', 'future', 'elections', 'attitudes', 'markets', 'survey', 'November', 'December', 'Quotas', 'representativeness', 'sample', '1,000 individuals', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Spain', '500 individuals', 'Argentina', 'Belgium', 'Chile', 'Colombia', 'Hungary', 'Indonesia', 'Malaysia', 'Mexico', 'Netherlands', 'Peru', 'Poland', 'Singapore', 'Sweden', 'Thailand', 'Turkey', 'India', '2,200 individuals', 'face', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', '5,000 clients', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'July', 'company', 'part', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', '35 rue', 'Cedex', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36279,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830303/0/en/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Final-NAV.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares       The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/01/2024.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.7296 £ 24.7558 Final MTD return 0.66 % 0.76 % Final YTD return 0.66 % 0.76 % Final ITD return 177.30 % 147.56 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36280,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/Leisure-Travel-Division-of-ACI-BLUETEAM-provides-Sostravel-com-s-Lost-Luggage-Concierge-and-Dr-Tra-45955689/,Leisure Travel Division of ACI BLUETEAM provides Sostravel.com's Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr.Travel services on the PrenotACI platform,(marketscreener.com) ROME  Feb. 15  2024 -- Sostravel.com S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new commercial agreement with the leisure travel division of ACI blueteam Spa  a company of the ACI Group   for the sale of Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel s…,"ROME  Feb. 15  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sostravel.com S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new commercial agreement with the leisure travel division of ACI blueteam Spa  a company of the ACI Group (Automobile Club Italia)  for the sale of Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel services through the network of 43 leisure travel partner agencies of ACI blueteam.The Lost Luggage Concierge service is an exclusive baggage search  tracking  and redelivery service made available through the PrenotACI.travel platform. This service includes active tracking  offering compensation of up to €100 per day for delayed baggage delivery from 48 hours after reporting  and up to €4 000 for definitive loss of luggage.Dr. Travel is a telemedicine service that changes how travelers receive instant medical assistance. It offers on-call video visits  making it accessible and affordable for travelers who need medical consultations during their movements. This service is available via the PrenotACI.travel platform and can be easily activated by inserting a pin-code  allowing users to book their appointments and start the visit with a doctor/pediatrician.Massimo Crippa  General Manager of Sostravel.com  commented: ""We are pleased to announce a new strategic partnership between Sostravel.com and the leisure travel division of ACI blueteam  which marks a significant step forward in our commitment to providing innovative and valuable services to travelers. Through this agreement  Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel will be available on the PrenotACI platform of the prestigious ACI blueteam agency network  offering travelers immediate and reliable solutions for any mishaps during their travels.""Massimiliano Biella  Leisure Travel Director of ACI blueteam  concluded: ""We are happy to join forces with Sostravel.com  a leader in the digital services sector for travelers. This collaboration expands our service offering and underscores our dedication to improving the travel experience through advanced and accessible technological solutions.""About Sostravel.comSostravel.com S.p.A. is a digital services company for travelers  operating through the sostravel and flio apps  and the web platforms www.sostravel.com and www.amareitalia.comThe company develops digital solutions for travelers  such as Lost Luggage Concierge for luggage tracking and protection and Dr. Travel  the telemedicine solution for travelers.Over 1 million travelers worldwide have used Sostravel.com as a travel companion to find offers and receive information to improve the quality of their trips.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Milan with the symbol SOS and on the OTCQB in New York with the symbol SOSAF.About ACI blueteamACI blueteam SpA is a company of the ACI Group (Automobile Club Italia)  specializing in services in the Business Travel  MICE  Leisure  and Partner Agency services sector. Founded in 1998  it ranks among Italy's top 5 Travel Management Companies by volume.Recognized by the market and its prestigious clients as an example of dedication to service  it makes 'customer quality' its corporate mission.It meets the mobility needs of companies and private individuals  combining technological innovation and human capital to guarantee the traveler a unique experience and the corporate client the offer of personalized services with highly performing products.Sostravel.com.com.com S.p.A.Edoardo ZarghettaInvestor RelationsInvestor.relations@sostravel.comACI BlueteamMassimiliano BiellaLeisure Travel Directorcommerciale.leisure@aciblueteam.it",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.41,0.19,True,English,"['Leisure Travel Division', 'Lost Luggage Concierge', 'Dr.Travel services', 'ACI BLUETEAM', 'PrenotACI platform', 'Sostravel', 'Sostravel.com S.p.A.', 'The Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'Massimiliano Biella Leisure Travel Director', 'prestigious ACI blueteam agency network', 'Partner Agency services sector', '43 leisure travel partner agencies', 'top 5 Travel Management Companies', 'Automobile Club Italia', 'call video visits', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'digital services sector', 'leisure travel division', 'new strategic partnership', 'exclusive baggage search', 'instant medical assistance', 'PrenotACI.travel platform', 'ACI blueteam Spa', 'accessible technological solutions', 'Dr. Travel services', 'new commercial agreement', 'digital services company', 'prestigious clients', 'PrenotACI platform', 'digital solutions', 'travel experience', 'travel companion', 'Business Travel', 'New York', 'valuable services', 'personalized services', 'ACI Group', 'baggage delivery', 'medical consultations', 'luggage tracking', 'technological innovation', 'reliable solutions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'redelivery service', 'definitive loss', 'telemedicine service', 'Massimo Crippa', 'General Manager', 'significant step', 'service offering', 'flio apps', 'web platforms', 'telemedicine solution', 'corporate mission', 'mobility needs', 'private individuals', 'human capital', 'unique experience', 'corporate client', 'performing products', 'Edoardo Zarghetta', 'active tracking', 'customer quality', '1 million travelers', 'Investor Relations', 'ROME', 'Feb.', 'sale', 'compensation', 'day', '48 hours', 'reporting', 'movements', 'pin-code', 'users', 'appointments', 'doctor/pediatrician', 'commitment', 'innovative', 'immediate', 'mishaps', 'travels', 'forces', 'leader', 'collaboration', 'dedication', 'advanced', 'amareitalia', 'protection', 'Over', 'offers', 'information', 'trips', 'symbol', 'OTCQB', 'SOSAF', 'MICE', 'Italy', 'volume', 'market', 'example', 'highly', 'aciblueteam']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36281,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830302/0/en/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Final-NAV.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/01/2024.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.7296 £ 24.7558 Final MTD return 0.66 % 0.76 % Final YTD return 0.66 % 0.76 % Final ITD return 177.30 % 147.56 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36282,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARIE-BRIZARD-WINE-SPIRIT-4705/news/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-Q4-and-full-year-2023-revenues-45964676/,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: Q4 and full-year 2023 revenues -February 15  2024 at 11:54 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                         Charenton-le-Pont  15th February 2024 Q4 and full-year 2023 revenues MBWS posts full-year 2023 revenues of...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARIE-BRIZARD-WINE-SPIRIT-4705/news/Marie-Briz…,Charenton-le-Pont  15th February 2024Q4 and full-year 2023 revenuesMBWS posts full-year 2023 revenues of €194.2m  up 7.2%1 versus 2022Q4 revenues up 8.1% to €50.1mReturn to positive business momentum in Q4 following Q3 downturnIn France  full-year 2023 revenues rose 2.5% versus 2022  mainly due to price increases designed to cover the rise in input costs. The revenues growth in Q4 represents a + 4.2% compared to 2022 thanks to an improvement in the off-trade business towards the end of the year amid a market slowdown in terms of both volumes and sales revenue: higher off-trade sales in Q4  particularly for William Peel and San José  driven by the postponement of major promotional trade activities from H1 to Q4  a base effect compared with the weak performance in Q4 2022 when some product lines in the portfolio were out of stock  as well as price increases in H1 2023; a slight fall in on-trade sales in Q4  marked by a decline in consumer demand.Full-year 2023 international revenues rose sharply (up 11.0% vs. 2022)  with business showing strong resilience in Q4 (up 11.3% vs. Q4 2022) impacted by contrasting trends per region: business growth in Europe  still driven by significant growth in Lithuanian and Bulgarian domestic and export markets  despite the Russian-Ukraine conflict  and by a marked improvement in sales in Spain  mainly in the industrial services segment; a sharp decline in the United States  where the vodka market remains highly competitive and the cognac market is in steep decline  amid tight control of inventory levels by our importer; Asia Pacific area down sharply.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its unaudited revenues for the fourth quarter of 2023 (1 October to 31 December 2023) and for the full year 2023.Full-year 2023 revenues€m FY 2022 LFL change Currencyimpact FY 2023 LFL change(excl. currencyimpact) Reportedgrowth (incl.currencyimpact) France 81.3 +2.1 - 83.3 +2.5% +2.5% International 100.1 +11.0 -0.2 110.9 +11.0% +10.8% TOTAL MBWS GROUP 181.3 +13.1 -0.2 194.2 +7.2% +7.1%Q4 2023 revenues€m Q4 2022 LFL change Currencyimpact Q4 2023 LFL change(exc. currency impact) Reportedgrowth (incl.currencyimpact) France 20.9 +0.9 - 21.8 +4.2% +4.2% International 25.5 +2.9 -0.1 28.3 +11.3% +10.9% TOTAL MBWS GROUP 46.4 +3.8 -0.1 50.1 +8.1% +7.9%Breakdown by clusterFrance clusterAmid continuing slowdown in the French spirits market  mainly in the off-trade segment  the France cluster posted full-year 2023 revenues of €83.3m  up 2.5% versus 2022 despite the early year glass shortages. Q4 revenues rose 4.2% versus 2022  driven by strong performances among the Group’s strategic international brands  mainly in the off-trade segment  as well as a base effect that penalised Q4 2022 due to the same glass shortages experienced at the start of 2023. This excellent performance was achieved despite a general decline in consumer spending and tensions linked to legislative changes relating to annual negotiation periods.In a generally declining market for under-12-year blended scotch whisky (down 4.8%2 in volume and down 1.3%2 in terms of sales revenue over 2023)  distribution of the William Peel brand fell sharper than the market as a whole versus 2022  largely due to supply shortages at the start of the year.International clusterThe International cluster posted full-year 2023 revenues of €110.9m  up 11.0% versus 2022 at constant exchange rates  and up 11.3% in Q4.Spain reported a sharp 23.2% increase in 2023 revenues versus 2022  mainly due to significant growth in industrial subcontracting and the continued performance of certain strategic international brands (notably William Peel in the cross-border market).In Western European export markets  revenues rose in Q4 2023  with sales continuing to grow in the Benelux countries and the start of a recovery in the UK market. However  for the year as a whole  revenues fell 3.6%.Lithuania reported a 24.4% increase in 2023 revenues  including a strong Q4 performance mainly driven by flagship regional brands  strategic international brands (mainly William Peel) and continued export growth driven by the Ukrainian market.In Bulgaria  revenues continued to grow strongly in Q4 2023. Full-year sales were up 32.0%  still driven by export markets and industrial subcontracting.Revenues in Scandinavia returned to growth in Q4 2023  mainly driven by strong sales of Cognac Gautier. However  this did not prevent a sharp decline in full-year sales (down 10.7%) due to market restructuring among certain operators (concentration of players and new agreements) and some delistings in the on-trade channel.In Eastern European export markets  Poland recorded a decline in sales in Q4  as the increase in William Peel sales failed to offset the fall in sales of Cognac Gautier. Over 2023 as a whole  revenues fell 32.4%  mainly due to the inventory control policy pursued by distributors.In the United States  full-year 2023 revenues were down 27.4%  impacted  in the case of Sobieski  by a highly competitive vodka market coupled with the local distributor’s inventory rundown policy. This trend is also linked to sluggish local depletions following changes in the routes to market in key states. Gautier sales were impacted by the sharp decline in the US cognac market  while Marie Brizard sales remained stable.In Brazil  revenues grew strongly in Q4 2023  while full-year revenues rose 21.5%  mainly driven by resilience among the region’s flagship brands and the continued proactive sales and pricing policy.In the Americas export region  revenues continued to decline significantly in Canada in Q4 2023  again due to persisting strong competition in the vodka segment and a confirmed decline in the cognac category. As a result  full-year revenues were down 25.7%.Lastly  Asia Pacific saw a sharp decline in Q4 2023  particularly in Australia  although business picked up again in Korea and Japan. Full-year revenues were down 24.0%  despite a strong performance from the modestly sized Taiwan business.OutlookAs input costs continued to rise  2023 confirmed the overall resilience of the Group’s main brands in the face of availability issues  sales price increases and growing competition.However  over the past two years  sharp rises in the prices of raw materials  energy and consumer goods have altered consumer purchasing behaviour  leading to a gradual reduction in demand  to varying degrees depending on product category and region.In these circumstances  the price increases introduced at the beginning of 2023 with the aim at covering  in value terms only  the increases in input costs have resulted in a mechanical dilution of the profitability rates of the Group's businesses. More recently  we are witnessing a gradual market normalisation of the inflation  with an expected slowdown in the first half of 2024The Group is committed to staying flexible and focused on its operations. To this end  it will leverage its diversified business portfolio and broad geographical footprint in order to deliver a strong and steady performance (examples in 2023: growth in Europe vs. challenges in the USA  expansion and growth in industrial services vs. market slowdown in certain categories).In addition  the Group continues to implement its development strategies  namely organic growth through the international expansion of strategic brands  local development of flagship regional brands  growth in the agency brands business and development of the industrial services offering  while at the same time reviewing external growth opportunities.The Group needs to maintain a cautious sales business outlook  given that it operates in an international environment that remains volatile and turbulent  coupled with uncertain economic forecasts. The Group remains confident in its key strengths  namely offering consumers quality products at mainstream prices during a period of high inflation and declining purchasing power.Financial calendar2023 full-year earnings: 17 April 2024 after close of tradingInvestor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 21 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez – Laurent Poinsotcdoligez@image7.fr– lpoinsot@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group operating in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.1 All revenue figures reported herein are at constant exchange rates and consolidation scope  unless otherwise stated.2 Source: IRI P13 2023 – CAM All off-trade channels.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.26,0.47,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', 'full-year 2023 revenues', 'Spirits', 'Q4', 'February', '11', '54', 'LFL change Currency impact Q4 2023 LFL change', 'major promotional trade activities', 'Western European export markets', 'Eastern European export markets', 'FY 2023 LFL change', 'early year glass shortages', 'same glass shortages', 'Asia Pacific area', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'annual negotiation periods', 'constant exchange rates', 'flagship regional brands', 'strategic international brands', 'positive business momentum', 'inventory control policy', 'William Peel brand', 'industrial services segment', 'The International cluster', 'TOTAL MBWS GROUP', 'French spirits market', 'William Peel sales', 'strong Q4 performance', 'Full-year 2023 international revenues', 'supply shortages', 'trade segment', 'tight control', 'inventory levels', 'export growth', 'industrial subcontracting', 'trade business', 'trade channel', 'weak performance', 'strong resilience', 'strong performances', 'excellent performance', 'continued performance', 'trade sales', '15th February', 'Q3 downturn', 'price increases', 'input costs', 'market slowdown', 'San José', 'base effect', 'product lines', 'consumer demand', 'contrasting trends', 'Bulgarian domestic', 'Russian-Ukraine conflict', 'United States', 'vodka market', 'cognac market', 'fourth quarter', 'continuing slowdown', 'consumer spending', 'legislative changes', 'declining market', 'cross-border market', 'Benelux countries', 'UK market', 'Ukrainian market', 'strong sales', 'Cognac Gautier', 'market restructuring', 'new agreements', 'competitive vodka', 'Full-year sales', 'full-year 2023 revenues', 'full year', 'sales revenue', 'unaudited revenues', 'sharp decline', 'steep decline', 'general decline', 'business growth', 'significant growth', 'slight fall', 'marked improvement', 'France cluster', 'Q4 revenues', 'Q4 2023 revenues', 'sharp 23.2% increase', 'revenues growth', 'FY 2022', 'Q4.', '24.4% increase', 'Charenton-le-Pont', 'rise', 'terms', 'volumes', 'postponement', 'H1', 'portfolio', 'stock', 'Lithuanian', 'Spain', 'importer', 'Euronext', 'October', '31 December', 'Breakdown', 'off', 'start', 'tensions', 'distribution', 'recovery', 'Scandinavia', 'operators', 'concentration', 'players', 'delistings', 'Poland', 'distributors', 'case', 'Sobieski']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36283,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830240/0/en/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-Q4-and-full-year-2023-revenues.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: Q4 and full-year 2023 revenues,Charenton-le-Pont  15th February 2024  Q4 and full-year 2023 revenues  MBWS posts full-year 2023 revenues of......,Charenton-le-Pont  15th February 2024Q4 and full-year 2023 revenuesMBWS posts full-year 2023 revenues of €194.2m  up 7.2%1 versus 2022Q4 revenues up 8.1% to €50.1mReturn to positive business momentum in Q4 following Q3 downturnIn France  full-year 2023 revenues rose 2.5% versus 2022  mainly due to price increases designed to cover the rise in input costs. The revenues growth in Q4 represents a + 4.2% compared to 2022 thanks to an improvement in the off-trade business towards the end of the year amid a market slowdown in terms of both volumes and sales revenue: higher off-trade sales in Q4  particularly for William Peel and San José  driven by the postponement of major promotional trade activities from H1 to Q4  a base effect compared with the weak performance in Q4 2022 when some product lines in the portfolio were out of stock  as well as price increases in H1 2023; a slight fall in on-trade sales in Q4  marked by a decline in consumer demand.Full-year 2023 international revenues rose sharply (up 11.0% vs. 2022)  with business showing strong resilience in Q4 (up 11.3% vs. Q4 2022) impacted by contrasting trends per region: business growth in Europe  still driven by significant growth in Lithuanian and Bulgarian domestic and export markets  despite the Russian-Ukraine conflict  and by a marked improvement in sales in Spain  mainly in the industrial services segment; a sharp decline in the United States  where the vodka market remains highly competitive and the cognac market is in steep decline  amid tight control of inventory levels by our importer; Asia Pacific area down sharply.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its unaudited revenues for the fourth quarter of 2023 (1 October to 31 December 2023) and for the full year 2023.Full-year 2023 revenues€m FY 2022 LFL change Currencyimpact FY 2023 LFL change(excl. currencyimpact) Reportedgrowth (incl.currencyimpact) France 81.3 +2.1 - 83.3 +2.5% +2.5% International 100.1 +11.0 -0.2 110.9 +11.0% +10.8% TOTAL MBWS GROUP 181.3 +13.1 -0.2 194.2 +7.2% +7.1%Q4 2023 revenues€m Q4 2022 LFL change Currencyimpact Q4 2023 LFL change(exc. currency impact) Reportedgrowth (incl.currencyimpact) France 20.9 +0.9 - 21.8 +4.2% +4.2% International 25.5 +2.9 -0.1 28.3 +11.3% +10.9% TOTAL MBWS GROUP 46.4 +3.8 -0.1 50.1 +8.1% +7.9%Breakdown by clusterFrance clusterAmid continuing slowdown in the French spirits market  mainly in the off-trade segment  the France cluster posted full-year 2023 revenues of €83.3m  up 2.5% versus 2022 despite the early year glass shortages. Q4 revenues rose 4.2% versus 2022  driven by strong performances among the Group’s strategic international brands  mainly in the off-trade segment  as well as a base effect that penalised Q4 2022 due to the same glass shortages experienced at the start of 2023. This excellent performance was achieved despite a general decline in consumer spending and tensions linked to legislative changes relating to annual negotiation periods.In a generally declining market for under-12-year blended scotch whisky (down 4.8%2 in volume and down 1.3%2 in terms of sales revenue over 2023)  distribution of the William Peel brand fell sharper than the market as a whole versus 2022  largely due to supply shortages at the start of the year.International clusterThe International cluster posted full-year 2023 revenues of €110.9m  up 11.0% versus 2022 at constant exchange rates  and up 11.3% in Q4.Spain reported a sharp 23.2% increase in 2023 revenues versus 2022  mainly due to significant growth in industrial subcontracting and the continued performance of certain strategic international brands (notably William Peel in the cross-border market).In Western European export markets  revenues rose in Q4 2023  with sales continuing to grow in the Benelux countries and the start of a recovery in the UK market. However  for the year as a whole  revenues fell 3.6%.Lithuania reported a 24.4% increase in 2023 revenues  including a strong Q4 performance mainly driven by flagship regional brands  strategic international brands (mainly William Peel) and continued export growth driven by the Ukrainian market.In Bulgaria  revenues continued to grow strongly in Q4 2023. Full-year sales were up 32.0%  still driven by export markets and industrial subcontracting.Revenues in Scandinavia returned to growth in Q4 2023  mainly driven by strong sales of Cognac Gautier. However  this did not prevent a sharp decline in full-year sales (down 10.7%) due to market restructuring among certain operators (concentration of players and new agreements) and some delistings in the on-trade channel.In Eastern European export markets  Poland recorded a decline in sales in Q4  as the increase in William Peel sales failed to offset the fall in sales of Cognac Gautier. Over 2023 as a whole  revenues fell 32.4%  mainly due to the inventory control policy pursued by distributors.In the United States  full-year 2023 revenues were down 27.4%  impacted  in the case of Sobieski  by a highly competitive vodka market coupled with the local distributor’s inventory rundown policy. This trend is also linked to sluggish local depletions following changes in the routes to market in key states. Gautier sales were impacted by the sharp decline in the US cognac market  while Marie Brizard sales remained stable.In Brazil  revenues grew strongly in Q4 2023  while full-year revenues rose 21.5%  mainly driven by resilience among the region’s flagship brands and the continued proactive sales and pricing policy.In the Americas export region  revenues continued to decline significantly in Canada in Q4 2023  again due to persisting strong competition in the vodka segment and a confirmed decline in the cognac category. As a result  full-year revenues were down 25.7%.Lastly  Asia Pacific saw a sharp decline in Q4 2023  particularly in Australia  although business picked up again in Korea and Japan. Full-year revenues were down 24.0%  despite a strong performance from the modestly sized Taiwan business.OutlookAs input costs continued to rise  2023 confirmed the overall resilience of the Group’s main brands in the face of availability issues  sales price increases and growing competition.However  over the past two years  sharp rises in the prices of raw materials  energy and consumer goods have altered consumer purchasing behaviour  leading to a gradual reduction in demand  to varying degrees depending on product category and region.In these circumstances  the price increases introduced at the beginning of 2023 with the aim at covering  in value terms only  the increases in input costs have resulted in a mechanical dilution of the profitability rates of the Group's businesses. More recently  we are witnessing a gradual market normalisation of the inflation  with an expected slowdown in the first half of 2024The Group is committed to staying flexible and focused on its operations. To this end  it will leverage its diversified business portfolio and broad geographical footprint in order to deliver a strong and steady performance (examples in 2023: growth in Europe vs. challenges in the USA  expansion and growth in industrial services vs. market slowdown in certain categories).In addition  the Group continues to implement its development strategies  namely organic growth through the international expansion of strategic brands  local development of flagship regional brands  growth in the agency brands business and development of the industrial services offering  while at the same time reviewing external growth opportunities.The Group needs to maintain a cautious sales business outlook  given that it operates in an international environment that remains volatile and turbulent  coupled with uncertain economic forecasts. The Group remains confident in its key strengths  namely offering consumers quality products at mainstream prices during a period of high inflation and declining purchasing power.Financial calendar2023 full-year earnings: 17 April 2024 after close of tradingInvestor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 21 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez – Laurent Poinsotcdoligez@image7.fr– lpoinsot@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group operating in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.1 All revenue figures reported herein are at constant exchange rates and consolidation scope  unless otherwise stated.2 Source: IRI P13 2023 – CAM All off-trade channels.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.26,0.47,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', 'full-year 2023 revenues', 'Spirits', 'Q4', 'LFL change Currency impact Q4 2023 LFL change', 'major promotional trade activities', 'Western European export markets', 'Eastern European export markets', 'FY 2023 LFL change', 'early year glass shortages', 'same glass shortages', 'Asia Pacific area', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'annual negotiation periods', 'constant exchange rates', 'flagship regional brands', 'strategic international brands', 'positive business momentum', 'inventory control policy', 'William Peel brand', 'industrial services segment', 'The International cluster', 'TOTAL MBWS GROUP', 'French spirits market', 'William Peel sales', 'strong Q4 performance', 'Full-year 2023 international revenues', 'supply shortages', 'trade segment', 'tight control', 'inventory levels', 'export growth', 'industrial subcontracting', 'trade business', 'trade channel', 'weak performance', 'strong resilience', 'strong performances', 'excellent performance', 'continued performance', 'trade sales', '15th February', 'Q3 downturn', 'price increases', 'input costs', 'market slowdown', 'San José', 'base effect', 'product lines', 'consumer demand', 'contrasting trends', 'Bulgarian domestic', 'Russian-Ukraine conflict', 'United States', 'vodka market', 'cognac market', 'fourth quarter', 'continuing slowdown', 'consumer spending', 'legislative changes', 'declining market', 'cross-border market', 'Benelux countries', 'UK market', 'Ukrainian market', 'strong sales', 'Cognac Gautier', 'market restructuring', 'new agreements', 'competitive vodka', 'Full-year sales', 'full-year 2023 revenues', 'full year', 'sales revenue', 'unaudited revenues', 'sharp decline', 'steep decline', 'general decline', 'business growth', 'significant growth', 'slight fall', 'marked improvement', 'France cluster', 'Q4 revenues', 'Q4 2023 revenues', 'sharp 23.2% increase', 'revenues growth', 'FY 2022', 'Q4.', '24.4% increase', 'Charenton-le-Pont', 'rise', 'terms', 'volumes', 'postponement', 'H1', 'portfolio', 'stock', 'Lithuanian', 'Spain', 'importer', 'Euronext', 'October', '31 December', 'Breakdown', 'off', 'start', 'tensions', 'distribution', 'recovery', 'Scandinavia', 'operators', 'concentration', 'players', 'delistings', 'Poland', 'distributors', 'case', 'Sobieski']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36284,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARBIOS-15262917/news/CARBIOS-and-De-Smet-Engineers-Contractors-enter-engineering-partnership-for-construction-of-world-45955551/,CARBIOS and De Smet Engineers & Contractors enter engineering partnership for construction of world's first PET biorecycling plant,(marketscreener.com) CARBIOS and De Smet Engineers & Contractors enter engineering partnership for construction of world’s first PET biorecycling plant Clermont-Ferrand  France  15 February 2024 CARBIOS   a pioneer in the development and industrialization of …,CARBIOS and De Smet Engineers & Contractors enter engineering partnership for construction of world’s first PET biorecycling plantClermont-Ferrand  France  15 February 2024 (06.45am CET) CARBIOS (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles  and De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC)  a world-class provider of Engineering  Procurement and Construction services in the biotech’s and agro-processing industries  jointly announce their collaboration to spearhead the construction of the world's first PET biorecycling plant. Under the agreement  De Smet has been entrusted with the project management and detailed engineering  including procurement assistance and CARBIOS partners’ management  to ensure the execution of the plant's construction in Longlaville  France  due for commissioning in 2025. CARBIOS’ first commercial facility will play a key role in the fight against plastic pollution by offering an industrial-scale solution for the enzymatic depolymerization of PET waste to accelerate a circular economy for plastic and textiles.With over 70 members of De Smet's expert team dedicated to the project and working alongside CARBIOS teams  the collaboration aims to guarantee the project timeline and budget while upholding stringent quality  safety  health  and environmental standards. Construction is currently underway and on schedule.Emmanuel Ladent  CEO of CARBIOS: “De Smet was selected after a comprehensive bidding process  and we are very confident in our successful cooperation. De Smet has an excellent track record in the engineering and management of complex industrial projects and has extensive experience in water-based technologies. With our combined expertise and shared ambition  this collaboration marks a significant step towards fulfilling CARBIOS' vision of a sustainable future for plastic and textiles.”Dimitri de Suraÿ  CEO of De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC): “Perfectly aligned with our ambition to contribute to the environmental transition by implementing novel biotechnology process and by boosting the bio-economy  we are proud to support CARBIOS' groundbreaking investment  thanks to our agility in project execution which ensures its timely and competitive industrial realization. We are thrilled to have been entrusted by CARBIOS with the construction of the plant and are fully committed to the success of this innovative project.”About the world’s first PET biorecycling plantCARBIOS' technology enables PET circularity and provides an alternative raw material to petro-sourced monomers  allowing PET producers  waste management companies  public entities  and brands to have an efficient solution to meet regulatory requirements and fulfill their own sustainability commitments. The plant will have a processing capacity of 50 000 tons of post-consumer PET waste per year (equivalent to 2 billion colored PET bottles  2.5 billion PET trays  or 300 million T-shirts) and will address waste with little or no value to date such as colored PET bottles  food trays  and textiles. The plant will create 150 direct and indirect jobs in the region. In October 2023  CARBIOS obtained the building and site operating permits. The plant is currently under construction in Longlaville in the Grand-Est Region on land officially acquired from Indorama Ventures on 14 February 2024.###About CARBIOS:CARBIOS is a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles. Inspired by nature  CARBIOS develops enzyme-based processes to break down plastic with a mission to avoid plastic and textile pollution  and accelerate the transition to a circular economy. Its two disruptive technologies for the biorecycling of PET and the biodegradation of PLA are reaching industrial and commercial scale. Its biorecycling demonstration plant has been operational since 2021 and a first industrial plant  in partnership with Indorama Ventures  is due to be commissioned in 2025. CARBIOS has received scientific recognition  notably with the cover of Nature  and is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  Food & Beverage and apparel industries to enhance their products’ recyclability and circularity. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by CARBIOS and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp. and Salomon collaborate with CARBIOS in a textile consortium.Visit www.carbios.com/en to find out more about biotechnology powering plastic and textile circularity.LinkedIn: CARBIOS / Instagram: insidecarbiosInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code: FR0011648716 Ticker Code: Euronext Growth: ALCRB LEI: 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08CARBIOS  founded in 2011 by Truffle Capital  is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in CARBIOS in any country.About De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC):De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC)  incorporated in Belgium (part of Moret Industries Group)  is an engineering & general contractor company serving the biotech’s and agro-processing industry focused on bio-based or circular industries  including decarbonization & de-fossilization  as well the sugars & ethanol  vegetable oils & derivatives  alt proteins & ingredients  agro-nutrients industries. DSEC provides the industry with process integration  engineering  project management and general contracting services from turnkey management (EPCM) to full turnkey construction (EPC).Visit www.dsengineers.com to find out more about DSEC’s contribution to bio-based industry.LinkedIn: DSEC / Facebook: DeSmetEngineers / YouTube: DeSmetEngineersFor additional information  please contact:DSEC DSEC Raphaël Hannoir Wolfgang Ranfft Business Development & Marketing Manager Vice-President Bio-based Products rah@dsengineers.com wra@dsengineers.com +32 477 512 716 +32 476 580 939CARBIOS Press Relations (France) Press Relations (U.S) Press Relations (DACH & UK) Melissa Flauraud Iconic Rooney Partners MC Services Press Relations Marie-Virginie Klein Kate L. Barrette Anne-Hennecke Melissa.flauraud@carbios.com mvk@iconic-conseil.com kbarrette@rooneyco.com carbios@mc-services.eu +33 (0)6 30 26 50 04 +33 (0)1 44 14 99 96 +1 212 223 0561 +49 (0)211 529 252 22Benjamin Audebert Investor Relations contact@carbios.com +33 (0)4 73 86 51 76Translation is for information purposes only.In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the English version shall prevailDisclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by CARBIOS. CARBIOS operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. CARBIOS draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which CARBIOS operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if CARBIOS’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of CARBIOS’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will CARBIOS be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. CARBIOS makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.28,0.28,True,English,"['first PET biorecycling plant', 'De Smet Engineers', 'engineering partnership', 'CARBIOS', 'Contractors', 'construction', 'world', '2 billion colored PET bottles', 'first PET biorecycling plant', 'first commercial facility', 'comprehensive bidding process', 'excellent track record', 'alternative raw material', 'site operating permits', 'L’Oréal', 'income tax rebates', '2.5 billion PET trays', 'complex industrial projects', 'Dimitri de Suraÿ', 'competitive industrial realization', 'biorecycling demonstration plant', 'first industrial plant', 'two disruptive technologies', 'post-consumer PET waste', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'novel biotechnology process', 'De Smet Engineers', 'waste management companies', ""CARBIOS' groundbreaking investment"", 'CARBIOS partners’ management', 'PET producers', 'commercial scale', 'biological technologies', 'water-based technologies', 'food trays', 'project management', 'life cycle', 'world-class provider', 'agro-processing industries', 'key role', 'industrial-scale solution', 'enzymatic depolymerization', 'circular economy', 'expert team', 'environmental standards', 'Emmanuel Ladent', 'successful cooperation', 'extensive experience', 'combined expertise', 'significant step', 'sustainable future', 'petro-sourced monomers', 'public entities', 'efficient solution', 'regulatory requirements', 'sustainability commitments', 'processing capacity', '300 million T-shirts', 'indirect jobs', 'Indorama Ventures', 'biological solutions', 'enzyme-based processes', 'textile pollution', 'scientific recognition', 'apparel industries', 'products’ recyclability', 'Nestlé Waters', 'packaging consortium', 'PVH Corp.', 'textile consortium', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker Code', 'Truffle Capital', 'government program', 'French residents', 'press release', 'project timeline', 'innovative project', 'Food Europe', 'detailed engineering', 'procurement assistance', 'environmental transition', 'Grand-Est Region', 'biotech company', 'prestigious brands', 'Suntory Beverage', 'insidecarbios Information', 'ALCRB LEI', 'CARBIOS teams', ""CARBIOS' vision"", ""CARBIOS' technology"", 'CARBIOS shares', 'textile circularity', 'project execution', 'Construction services', 'plastic pollution', 'engineering partnership', 'Contractors', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'February', 'pioneer', 'development', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'DSEC', 'collaboration', 'agreement', 'Longlaville', 'commissioning', 'fight', '70 members', 'budget', 'health', 'schedule', 'CEO', 'shared', 'ambition', 'bio-economy', 'agility', 'timely', '50,000 tons', 'year', 'little', 'value', 'date', '150 direct', 'October', 'building', 'land', 'nature', 'biodegradation', 'cover', 'cosmetics', 'PepsiCo', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', '969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08', 'PEA-PME', 'SMEs', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36285,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829604/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4799 £ 24.5474 Estimated MTD return -0.97 % -0.93 % Estimated YTD return -0.25 % -0.09 % Estimated ITD return 174.80 % 145.47 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7893 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6243The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36286,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45955923/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -February 15  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4799 £ 24.5474 Estimated MTD return -0.97 % -0.93 % Estimated YTD return -0.25 % -0.09 % Estimated ITD return 174.80 % 145.47 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7893 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6243The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36287,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45955925/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -February 15  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4799 £ 24.5474 Estimated MTD return -0.97 % -0.93 % Estimated YTD return -0.25 % -0.09 % Estimated ITD return 174.80 % 145.47 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7893 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6243The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36288,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CEMENTOS-PACASMAYO-S-A-A-6493778/news/Cementos-Pacasmayo-S-A-A-Announces-Consolidated-Results-for-Fourth-Quarter-2023-45955028/,Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. Announces Consolidated Results for Fourth Quarter 2023,(marketscreener.com) Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. and subsidiaries a leading cement company serving the Peruvian construction industry  announced today its consolidated results for the fourth quarter and for the year ended December 31  2023. These results have …,"Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. and subsidiaries (NYSE: CPAC; BVL: CPACASC1) (“the Company” or “Pacasmayo”) a leading cement company serving the Peruvian construction industry  announced today its consolidated results for the fourth quarter (“4Q23”) and for the year (“2023”) ended December 31  2023. These results have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and are stated in Soles (S/).4Q23 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS:(All comparisons are to 4Q22  unless otherwise stated)Adjusted EBITDA was S/156.1 million  a 29.0% increase  mainly due to operational efficiencies derived from our new kiln in Pacasmayo  as well as decreased costs of raw materials.was S/156.1 million  a 29.0% increase  mainly due to operational efficiencies derived from our new kiln in Pacasmayo  as well as decreased costs of raw materials. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 30.5%  an increase of 7.9 percentage points  due to the above-mentioned operational efficiencies and decreased raw material costs.of 30.5%  an increase of 7.9 percentage points  due to the above-mentioned operational efficiencies and decreased raw material costs. Revenues decreased 4.2%  mainly due to a contraction in demand  which affected the self-construction segment and the private sector. However  revenues were in line with those in 3Q23  which was the quarter with highest revenues this year  showing a sustained positive trend in demand.decreased 4.2%  mainly due to a contraction in demand  which affected the self-construction segment and the private sector. However  revenues were in line with those in 3Q23  which was the quarter with highest revenues this year  showing a sustained positive trend in demand. Sales volume of cement  concrete and precast decreased 10.3%  mainly due to the above-mentioned decrease in demand.of cement  concrete and precast decreased 10.3%  mainly due to the above-mentioned decrease in demand. Consolidated EBITDA reached S/119.5 million  a decrease of 1.2%  mainly due to the impairment of our vertical kilns in Pacasmayo  as the new kiln entered into operations  which is both more efficient and produces lower emissions  replacing older kilns.reached S/119.5 million  a decrease of 1.2%  mainly due to the impairment of our vertical kilns in Pacasmayo  as the new kiln entered into operations  which is both more efficient and produces lower emissions  replacing older kilns. Net income of S/ 35.9 million  a 7.7% decrease mainly due to the impairment of our vertical kilns.of S/ 35.9 million  a 7.7% decrease mainly due to the impairment of our vertical kilns. The Sustainability Yearbook 2024 - We are honored to be included in the Yearbook by S&P  for the fourth consecutive year. This Yearbook incorporates companies that score in the top 15% of their industry globally and have a gap of less than 30% from the leader's Global ESG score.2023 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS:(All comparisons are to 2022  unless otherwise stated)Adjusted EBITDA increased 4.9%  reaching S/518.3 million  mainly due to lower costs and operational efficiencies as we discontinued the use of imported clinker  started operating our new  more efficient kiln  and benefited from more favorable costs of raw materials.increased 4.9%  reaching S/518.3 million  mainly due to lower costs and operational efficiencies as we discontinued the use of imported clinker  started operating our new  more efficient kiln  and benefited from more favorable costs of raw materials. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 26.6%  a 3.2 percentage point increase  mainly due to improved cost structure as a result of both operational efficiencies and lower raw material costs.of 26.6%  a 3.2 percentage point increase  mainly due to improved cost structure as a result of both operational efficiencies and lower raw material costs. Revenues decreased 7.8%  mainly due to the low levels of private and public investment  which affected cement demand  as well as the impact of cyclone Yaku during the first months of the year.decreased 7.8%  mainly due to the low levels of private and public investment  which affected cement demand  as well as the impact of cyclone Yaku during the first months of the year. Sales volume of cement  concrete and precast decreased 13.9%  mainly due to the above-mentioned reasons.of cement  concrete and precast decreased 13.9%  mainly due to the above-mentioned reasons. Consolidated EBITDA of S/ 481.8 million  a decrease of 2.4%  mainly due to the S/.36.6 million impairment of our vertical kilns.of S/ 481.8 million  a decrease of 2.4%  mainly due to the S/.36.6 million impairment of our vertical kilns. Net income of S/ 168.9 million  a 4.5% decrease  mainly due to the above-mentioned impairment. However  net income margin increased 0.3 percentage point  reaching 8.7% during this period. If we take away the non-cash effect  net profit for 2023 would have been S/ 194.7 million  a 10.1% increase when compared to the previous year  mainly due to the operational efficiencies mentioned above.For a full version of Cementos Pacasmayo’s Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Release  please visit https://www.cementospacasmayo.com.pe/inversionistas/reportesCONFERENCE CALL INFORMATION:Cementos Pacasmayo will host a conference call on Thursday  February 15  2024  to discuss these results at 11:00 a.m. Lima Time and Eastern Time.To access the call  please dial:+1 (718) 866-4614 from within the U.S.Access code: 505256There will also be a live Audio Webcast of the event at:https://mm.closir.com/slides?id=505256You can also find additional dial-in numbers depending on your current location in the above link.About Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A.Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. is a cement company  located in the Northern region of Peru. In February 2012  the Company’s shares were listed on The New York Stock Exchange - Euronext under the ticker symbol ""CPAC"". With more than 65 years of operating history  the Company produces  distributes and sells cement and cement-related materials  such ready-mix concrete and precast materials. Pacasmayo’s products are primarily used in construction  which has been one of the fastest-growing segments of the Peruvian economy in recent years. The Company also produces and sells quicklime for use in mining operations.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240214269472/en/",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.38,0.22,True,English,"['Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A.', 'Consolidated Results', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'new, more efficient kiln', 'lower raw material costs', 'sustained positive trend', 'Global ESG score', 'Peruvian construction industry', 'The Sustainability Yearbook', 'S/.36.6 million impairment', '3.2 percentage point increase', 'fourth consecutive year', 'net income margin', 'leading cement company', 'S&P', 'lower costs', 'raw materials', 'new kiln', 'lower emissions', '7.9 percentage points', 'favorable costs', 'Fourth Qua', 'net profit', 'OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'operational efficiencies', 'EBITDA margin', 'self-construction segment', 'Sales volume', 'vertical kilns', 'older kilns', 'cost structure', 'low levels', 'public investment', 'cyclone Yaku', 'first months', 'cash effect', 'full version', '4Q23 FINANCIAL', 'Consolidated EBITDA', 'previous year', 'consolidated results', 'private sector', 'highest revenues', 'cement demand', '2023 FINANCIAL', '29.0% increase', '10.1% increase', 'quarter', 'subsidiaries', 'NYSE', 'CPAC', 'BVL', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'Soles', 'comparisons', '4Q22', 'Adjusted', 'decreased', 'contraction', 'line', '3Q23', 'concrete', 'precast', 'operations', '7.7% decrease', 'companies', 'gap', 'less', 'leader', 'use', 'clinker', 'impact', 'reasons', '4.5% decrease', 'period']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36289,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830233/0/en/Cegedim-acquisition-of-Visiodent-group.html,Cegedim: acquisition of Visiodent group,PRESS RELEASE  Cegedim acquires Visiodent to spur its development in the dental practice and health clinic segments  Boulogne-Billancourt  France ......,PRESS RELEASECegedim acquires Visiodent to spur its development in the dental practice and health clinic segmentsBoulogne-Billancourt  France  February 15  2024 - Cegedim  an innovative technology and services company  has acquired the Visiodent group  a leading provider of management solutions for dental practices and health clinics in France. The deal will strengthen its Cegedim Santé subsidiary’s ecosystem of solutions with a product widely used by dentists in private practice and both dental and multi-specialty health clinics. It will also bolster the Group’s leadership in software publishing for healthcare professionals.This acquisition is firmly in line with the development plan launched following the deal that brought strategic investors (Groupe VYV  Malakoff Humanis  and Pro BTP) into the capital of Cegedim Santé in May 2022 with the aim of giving Cegedim Santé a key presence in all care pathways in France.The Visiodent group was founded in 1983 and in 2018 launched Veasy  the first 100% SaaS solution for dental practices and health clinics at a time when those types of organizations were rapidly expanding. In just a few years  Veasy became the leading solution on the market. It is used by the country’s largest nationwide networks of health clinics (VYV  CNAM  Oxance  Dentégo  etc.) and thousands of dental surgeons in private practice. Today  Veasy is the only SaaS solution that can meet the needs of all dental  medical  and allied health professionals working in a single facility.Cegedim Santé’s acquisition of the Visiodent group makes it a clear leader in France in this segment: it now equips over 1 000 health clinics.Its goal is to put all its weight behind developing Veasy products for dental practices and health clinics so they can handle new regulatory challenges  coordinate care  and digitize patients’ course of care. Combining Veasy with the company’s Maiia platform for scheduling  teleconsultation  and care coordination will add considerable value for healthcare professionals.Benoît Garibal  Cegedim Santé Managing Director  says  “We are thrilled to welcome Visiodent’s teams to Cegedim Santé. We share a family-business culture and are both firmly committed to delivering excellent service to healthcare professionals. Coming together to build a company with incredible growth potential will be an exciting adventure  leveraging two well-established teams with widely recognized expertise. We want to be the most respected player in the space serving dental practices and health clinics in the broadest sense. Our management solution will be suited to both specialty practices and larger facilities  and will include complete third-party payment functionality paired with the power of the Maiia network  which now has nearly 5 million patient accounts. And we’re just getting started!”Morgan Ohnona  Visiodent Chairman and CEO  added  “We are so happy to be part of the Cegedim Santé project. We’ve been growing in leaps and bounds since we launched our Veasy cloud-based solution  and by teaming up with Cegedim Santé we’ll be able to ramp up considerably thanks to their remarkable sales force in the field and network of local branches around France. The two companies are complementary  and the synergies the deal generates will create an unrivaled value proposition for our clients. Of course  the ultimate goal is to play a key role in modernizing and digitalizing our health system.”Visiodent generated revenue of around €10 million last year and will begin contributing to Cegedim Group’s consolidation scope on March 1  2024.Cegedim is in compliance with all of the covenants of its financing contracts.Visiodent was advised on this deal by Lazard (Julien Lestrade  Julien Fauconnier  Alice Boutant) and Moncey (Guillaume Giuliani  Vianney Birot  Yann Fouquet-Michel  Frederic Bosc)  and Cegedim Group  by Rothschild & Co (Pierre Sader).About Visiodent:Visiodent is a leading publisher of management software for dental practices and health clinics (6 000 dental surgeons and 500 clinics). The company launched its cloud-based Veasy solution in 2018 and has since expanded the product to serve multi-specialty health clinics (doctors  physical therapists  nurses  and dentists). Veasy’s clients include France’s biggest networks of public  cooperative  and private health clinics.To learn more  please visit: www.visiodent.comAbout Cegedim Santé:Cegedim Santé  a subsidiary of Cegedim  is a major player in the digital health space offering an ecosystem of compatible solutions that allow medical and allied health professionals to manage their business  the daily running of their practice  and care coordination.The company strives to help them focus on caring for their patients  improve access to care  and make the course of care as smooth as possible. Cegedim is a one-stop solution for the 100 000 healthcare professionals who use its products: patient records management  prescription assistance  billing and—thanks to its Maiia suite of online services—online scheduling/planning  teleconsultation/telehealth  and care coordination via secure instant messaging. Certifications assure users that Cegedim Santé solutions comply with all regulations and are eligible for any available funding. All data hosting is done by cegedim.cloud  which is ISO 27001 and HDS certified (French health data hosting). Cegedim Santé’s 1 000 employees are present in every region  with close ties to regional health organizations.To learn more  please visit: www.cegedim-sante.comAnd follow Cegedim Santé on X: @CegedimSanté  Facebook  YouTube  and LinkedIn.About Cegedim:Founded in 1969  Cegedim is an innovative technology and services group in the field of digital data flow management for healthcare ecosystems and B2B  and a business software publisher for healthcare and insurance professionals. Cegedim employs more than 6 500 people in more than 10 countries and generated revenue of €616 million in 2023.Cegedim SA is listed in Paris (EURONEXT: CGM).To learn more  please visit: www.cegedim.frAnd follow Cegedim on X: @CegedimGroup  LinkedIn  and Facebook.Aude BalleydierCegedimMedia Relationsand Communications ManagerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 68 81aude.balleydier@cegedim.frDamien BuffetCegedimHead of Financial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)7 64 63 55 73damien.buffet@cegedim.comCéline PardoBecomingMedia Relations ConsultantTel.: +33 (0)6 52 08 13 66cegedim@becoming-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Visiodent group', 'Cegedim', 'acquisition', 'Cegedim Santé Managing Director', 'new regulatory challenges', 'Benoît Garibal', 'incredible growth potential', 'third-party payment functionality', '5 million patient accounts', 'remarkable sales force', 'largest nationwide networks', 'unrivaled value proposition', 'health clinic segments', 'patient records management', 'first 100% SaaS solution', 'allied health professionals', 'multi-specialty health clinics', 'two well-established teams', 'digital health space', 'Cegedim Santé project', 'Veasy cloud-based solution', 'cloud-based Veasy solution', 'private health clinics', 'The Visiodent group', 'Cegedim Santé subsidiary', 'management solution', '1,000 health clinics', 'considerable value', 'two companies', 'biggest networks', 'health system', 'leading solution', 'one-stop solution', 'healthcare professionals', 'management software', 'private practice', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'innovative technology', 'leading provider', 'software publishing', 'strategic investors', 'Malakoff Humanis', 'Pro BTP', 'key presence', 'Dentégo', 'single facility', 'clear leader', 'Maiia platform', 'family-business culture', 'excellent service', 'exciting adventure', 'respected player', 'broadest sense', 'specialty practices', 'larger facilities', 'Morgan Ohnona', 'local branches', 'key role', 'consolidation scope', 'financing contracts', 'Julien Lestrade', 'Julien Fauconnier', 'Alice Boutant', 'Guillaume Giuliani', 'Vianney Birot', 'Yann Fouquet-Michel', 'Frederic Bosc', 'Pierre Sader', 'leading publisher', 'physical therapists', 'major player', 'daily running', 'prescription assistance', 'Maiia suite', 'online services', 'Cegedim Group', 'dental practices', 'dental surgeons', 'compatible solutions', 'development plan', 'Groupe VYV', 'Maiia network', 'ultimate goal', 'Visiodent Chairman', 'care pathways', 'care coordination', 'services company', 'Veasy products', 'patients’ course', '500 clinics', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'February', 'deal', 'ecosystem', 'dentists', 'leadership', 'acquisition', 'capital', 'May', 'aim', 'time', 'types', 'organizations', 'years', 'market', 'country', 'CNAM', 'Oxance', 'thousands', 'needs', 'weight', 'scheduling', 'teleconsultation', 'expertise', 'complete', 'power', 'CEO', 'leaps', 'bounds', 'field', 'synergies', 'clients', 'revenue', 'March', 'compliance', 'covenants', 'Lazard', 'Moncey', 'Rothschild', 'doctors', 'nurses', 'medical', 'access', 'billing', 'planning', 'telehe']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36290,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BASTIDE-LE-CONFORT-MEDICA-5023/news/Bastide-Le-Confort-Medical-Organic-growth-accelerated-to-6-1-in-second-quarter-2023-2024-and-45964822/,Bastide Le Confort Médical : Organic growth accelerated to 6.1% in second-quarter 2023-2024 and confirmation of 2023-2024 adjusted targets -February 15  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Caissargues  February 15  2024 In €m2022-20232023-2024Organic growthPublished growthQ1 revenue119.5127.9+5.2%+7.0%Q2 revenue129.9137.1+6.1%+5.5%H1 revenue 249.4265.0+5.7%+6.2% Business remained buoyant…,"Caissargues  February 15  2024In €m 2022-2023 2023-2024 Organic growth Published growth Q1 revenue 119.5 127.9 +5.2% +7.0% Q2 revenue 129.9 137.1 +6.1% +5.5% H1 revenue (at December 31st) 249.4 265.0 +5.7% +6.2%Business remained buoyant in the second quarter  with organic growth1 accelerating to 6.1%  compared with 5.2% in the first quarter. Revenue over the period saw an overall climb of 5.5% to €137.1 million This performance includes €0.6 million in contributions from companies acquired within the last year  in particular Probace and Oxigo  as well as a negative €1.2 million impact from the disposal of Distrimed  which has been deconsolidated since December 4  2023.The more technical business activities such as Respiratory  Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy  which now account for 60% of the Group's revenue  continued to drive Group growth  with organic growth of 10.4% in the second quarter  in line with that recorded in the first quarter. The “Homecare” business remained stable in a market that has now returned to normal following the health crisis.This quarterly performance saw half-year revenue climb to €265.0 million  up 6.2%  of which 5.7% on an organic basis.Breakdown of first-half revenue by businessHomecare: revenue totaled €106.2 million  down 0.6% like-for-like and down 1.6% as reported. Rental activities remained more dynamic than pure sales within the institutions and in stores segments.With institutions  the Group recorded revenue of €47.6 million  down 1.4% (down 1.5% on an organic basis) which is the result of a smaller contribution from Switzerland. In France  business activity rose slightly.Stores/e-commerce revenue came to €58.6 million  up 0.2% like-for-like  driven by in-store activity and  in particular  rental activities  while non-refunded sales remain impacted by the inflationary context. On a reported basis  revenue was down 1.8% due to the deconsolidation of Distrimed as of December 4  2023.More technical business activities such as Respiratory  Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy  now represent 60% of the Group's revenue.The “Respiratory” business confirmed its excellent sales momentum with revenue up 12.4% (up 11.7% on an organic basis) to €89.5 million. It now accounts for 56% of home healthcare services. This excellent performance stemmed from strong momentum in France. The UK and Canada are performing well  also benefiting from a positive price effect following price increases. Bastide is reaping the rewards of its targeted external growth strategy in this segment  with a very good performance by Dutch company Oxigo  consolidated since July 1  2023  and the contribution from 4SMed  consolidated since October 1  2022.The “Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy” business reported revenue of €69.4 million  up 11.8% (up 8.7% on an organic basis) thanks to the good performance of the “Diabetes” and “Nutrition-Perfusion” businesses. Probace  which has been consolidated since October 1  2022  made a positive contribution to growth in the Nutrition-Perfusion segment  turning in an excellent performance over the half-year.International business accounted for almost 18% of revenue over the half-year.2023-2024 outlook confirmed  adjusted for the impact of the sale of DistrimedGiven the good momentum observed in the home healthcare market in particular  the Group is maintaining its 2023-2024 guidance.Bastide is therefore aiming for full-year revenue of around €530 million (adjusted for the impact of the sale of Distrimed and excluding new external growth operations)  and is maintaining its target of a recurring operating margin at least equal to that achieved for fiscal year 2022-2023  i.e.  8.4%.Debt reduction is the Group's priority for the 2023-2024 fiscal year. The recent sale of Distrimed is fully in line with this objective  and Groupe Bastide is continuing to look in to the possibility of selling assets that no longer align with its strategy.NEXT RESULTS:2023-2024 half-year results  Wednesday  March 20  2024after the close of trading.1 Organic growth calculated at constant exchange rates and on a like-for-like basis  restating 2023-2024 for the contribution of companies acquired within the last 12 months and restating 202-2023 for the contribution of assets sold within the last 12 monthsAbout Groupe Bastide Le Confort MédicalCreated in 1977 by Guy Bastide  Groupe Bastide is a leading European provider of home healthcare services. Present in 8 countries  Bastide develops a permanent quality approach and is committed to providing medical devices and associated services that best meet patients' needs in key health areas: diabetes  nutrition  infusion  respiratory care  stomatherapy and urology. Bastide is listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0000035370  Reuters BATD.PA  - Bloomberg BLC: FP).Groupe Bastide Actus FinanceVincent Bastide/Olivier JourdanneyT. +33 (0)4 66 38 68 08www.bastide-groupe.frAnalyst-InvestorHélène de WattevilleT. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 33Press – MediaAnne-Charlotte DudicourtT. +33 (0)6 24 03 26 52This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mpuelpRvY5zGnXFqaJZtmpeWbmlkmGWbZmOXk2puaJqdam9oxZqSmsfHZnFll2ls- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84246-ca-t2-2023-2024-vdef_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.23,0.09,True,English,"['Bastide Le Confort Médical', '2023-2024 adjusted targets', 'Organic growth', 'second-quarter', 'confirmation', 'February', '12:05', 'Groupe Bastide Le Confort Médical', 'Hélène de Watteville', 'Groupe Bastide Actus Finance', 'new external growth operations', 'recurring operating margin', 'constant exchange rates', 'leading European provider', 'permanent quality approach', 'home healthcare services', 'key health areas', 'positive price effect', 'home healthcare market', 'negative €1.2 million impact', 'external growth strategy', 'technical business activities', '2023-2024 fiscal year', 'excellent sales momentum', '2023-2024 half-year results', 'associated services', 'health crisis', 'Rental activities', 'price increases', '2023-2024 outlook', '2023-2024 guidance', 'NEXT RESULTS', 'last year', 'pure sales', 'refunded sales', 'strong momentum', 'good momentum', 'Guy Bastide', 'Vincent Bastide', 'excellent performance', 'Organic growth', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'overall climb', 'stores segments', 'business activity', 'store activity', 'inflationary context', 'Dutch company', 'Nutrition-Perfusion” businesses', 'International business', 'Debt reduction', 'last 12 months', 'medical devices', ""patients' needs"", 'Euronext Paris', 'Reuters BATD', 'Bloomberg BLC', 'Olivier Jourdanney', 'Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt', 'Actusnews S', 'positive contribution', 'quarterly performance', 'good performance', 'organic basis', 'Homecare” business', 'Respiratory” business', 'The UK', 'Nutrition-Perfusion segment', 'respiratory care', 'Q1 revenue', 'Q2 revenue', 'H1 revenue', 'first-half revenue', 'smaller contribution', 'full-year revenue', 'December 31st', 'Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy” business', 'recent sale', 'Group growth', 'half-year revenue', 'Caissargues', 'February', 'period', 'contributions', 'companies', 'Probace', 'Oxigo', 'disposal', 'Distrimed', 'line', 'Breakdown', 'institutions', 'Switzerland', 'France', 'particular', 'deconsolidation', 'More', 'Canada', 'rewards', 'July', '4SMed', 'October', 'Diabetes', 'target', 'priority', 'objective', 'possibility', 'assets', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'close', 'trading', '8 countries', 'infusion', 'urology', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'T.', 'bastide-groupe', 'Analyst-Investor', 'Press', 'Media', 'publication']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36291,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829577/0/en/Q4-2023-results-Navigating-challenging-conditions-and-positioning-for-further-growth.html,Q4 2023 results: Navigating challenging conditions and positioning for further growth,Bíldudalur  15th of February 2024   Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax  and other subsidiaries involved in salmon farming and processing...,"Bíldudalur  15th of February 2024Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax  and other subsidiaries involved in salmon farming and processing in Iceland. The companies are collectively referred to as ""Icelandic Salmon"" or the ""Group"".OperationsIn the fourth quarter 2023  Icelandic Salmon continued ramping up harvest volumes  up from both the previous quarter and the corresponding quarter last year. The group harvested 7 219 tonnes up from 6 008 tonnes in the fourth quarter 2022  an increase of 20 per cent. The high harvest volume in the fourth quarter was partly a result of the previously reported biological challenges  which prompted the company to harvest early for animal welfare reasons.“I am proud of our team’s effort in navigating challenging working conditions. As previously reported  our team had to adapt quickly to a biological challenge in Tálknafjörður  where biological challenges posed a risk to fish health and continued sustainable growth ” said Bjørn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon.The group reported revenues of EUR 51.6 million in the fourth quarter 2023  compared to 51.7 million in the fourth quarter 2022. The EBIT for the quarter was EUR 2.0 million  resulting in an EBIT/kg of EUR 0.28. The EBIT/kg was down from the corresponding quarter last year of EUR 1.55  mainly due to higher cost level related to the reported biological challenges. A one-off cost of 5.2 million EUR was booked in the fourth quarter 2023  adjusted for this the EBIT/kg was EUR 1.00.Strategic milestonesIcelandic Salmon continues to monitor markets closely with the aim to obtain the best price possible for its products. Partly for this reason  the company increased its sales to Asia and Europe in the fourth quarter  and reduced sales to the US where markets were temporarily softer.The Group is awaiting approval for a new 10 000-tonnes farming license in Ísafjarðardjúp  a 4 500-tonnes MAB license in Arnarfjörður and new MAB utilization regime for two sites in Arnarfjörður. Uncertainty persists regarding the allowed share of fertile fish on the Ísafjarðardjúp license and the implications for Arnarfjörður applications under Iceland's new proposed regulatory regime. A final decision is expected in 2024.In January  Icelandic Salmon received a new license for its smolt plant Gileyri for an additional volume capacity of 1 000 tonnes. Implying opportunities for increase production on existing capacity levels and a potential for further scale-up.Within sales and marketing  Icelandic Salmon has strengthened its team with the appointment of Linda Gunnlaugsdottir as the CSO in January.OutlookFor the year 2024 as a whole  Icelandic Salmon expects to harvest 15 000 tonnes  in line with previous guidance. The spring 2022 generation is performing well and shows significant improvements on key parameters.For the longer-term  the group continue to see a potential for growth up to 26 000 tonnes on existing licenses. The promising performance of this year’s smolt stocking supports this view.“We are optimistic about Icelandic Salmon’s future growth  despite recent biological challenges and expected  not yet confirmed regulatory changes. We have implemented effective measures with neighboring farmers to address the biological challenges and maintain an open dialogue with the Icelandic government to navigate regulatory shifts. Our shared ambition is to grow the industry sustainably. We are committed to continue to deliver value for our shareholders  for our other stakeholders and for Iceland ” said Bjørn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon.Presentation detailsAttached is the presentation for the fourth quarter 2023.CEO  Bjørn Hembre and CFO  Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will be presenting the results at 8:00 am Icelandic time (09:00 am CET) via a webcast on arnarlax.webcast.is.The presentation will be followed by a Q&A session. Questions can be sent before and during the presentation to questions@arnarlax.is . A recording of the presentation will be made available on the company's website.After the presentation  one-on-one meetings may be scheduled either at our office in Reykjavík (Borgartún 18) or on Teams from 9:00 am to 2:00 pm Icelandic time. If interested  please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.is .For further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn HembreTel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.is ( mailto:bjorn@arnarlax.is )CFO Jónas Heiðar BirgissonTel: +354 414 0609Email: jonas@arnarlax.is (mailto:jonas@arnarlax.is)About Icelandic Salmon:Icelandic Salmon is listed at the Euronext Growth. The company is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with their head office in Bildudalur. The company is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment",neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,mixed,0.36,0.21,0.43,True,English,"['Q4 2023 results', 'challenging conditions', 'positioning', 'growth', 'Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', 'Tálknafjörður', 'Arnarfjörður applications', 'Ísafjarðardjúp license', 'new MAB utilization regime', 'new 10,000-tonnes farming license', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', '4,500-tonnes MAB license', 'animal welfare reasons', 'challenging working conditions', 'additional volume capacity', 'Q&A session', 'high harvest volume', 'higher cost level', 'existing capacity levels', 'leading farming company', 'recent biological challenges', 'new license', 'salmon farming', 'regulatory regime', 'harvest volumes', 'one-off cost', 'existing licenses', 'Bíldudalur', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'other subsidiaries', '20 per cent', 'Strategic milestones', 'best price', 'two sites', 'final decision', 'smolt plant', 'Linda Gunnlaugsdottir', 'previous guidance', 'spring 2022 generation', 'significant improvements', 'key parameters', 'promising performance', 'smolt stocking', 'regulatory changes', 'effective measures', 'neighboring farmers', 'open dialogue', 'Icelandic government', 'regulatory shifts', 'other stakeholders', 'Icelandic time', 'one meetings', 'Reykjavík', 'Borgartún', 'disclosure requirements', 'fourth quarter', 'previous quarter', 'corresponding quarter', 'sustainable growth', 'future growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'fish health', 'fertile fish', 'head office', 'value chain', 'parent company', 'The EBIT/kg', 'The Group', 'Arnarlax ehf', 'Presentation details', 'arnarlax.is', '15th', 'February', 'processing', 'companies', 'Operations', '7,219 tonnes', '6,008 tonnes', 'increase', 'result', 'team', 'effort', 'risk', 'revenues', 'markets', 'aim', 'products', 'sales', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'approval', 'Uncertainty', 'share', 'implications', 'January', 'Gileyri', '1,000 tonnes', 'opportunities', 'production', 'potential', 'scale-up', 'marketing', 'appointment', 'CSO', 'Outlook', 'year', '15,000 tonnes', 'line', 'longer-term', '26,000 tonnes', 'view', 'ambition', 'industry', 'CFO', 'CET', 'webcast', 'Questions', 'recording', 'website', '9:00 am', 'email', 'hjortur', 'information', 'Tel', 'bjorn', 'mailto', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'customers', 'control', 'parts', 'Section', '2024', '8:00', '2:00']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36292,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CEGEDIM-5186/news/Cegedim-acquisition-of-Visiodent-group-45964573/,Cegedim: acquisition of Visiodent group -February 15  2024 at 11:46 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE Cegedim acquires Visiodent to spur its development in the dental practice and health clinic segments Boulogne-Billancourt  France  February 15  2024 - Cegedim  an innovative technology and services company  has acquired th…,PRESS RELEASECegedim acquires Visiodent to spur its development in the dental practice and health clinic segmentsBoulogne-Billancourt  France  February 15  2024 - Cegedim  an innovative technology and services company  has acquired the Visiodent group  a leading provider of management solutions for dental practices and health clinics in France. The deal will strengthen its Cegedim Santé subsidiary’s ecosystem of solutions with a product widely used by dentists in private practice and both dental and multi-specialty health clinics. It will also bolster the Group’s leadership in software publishing for healthcare professionals.This acquisition is firmly in line with the development plan launched following the deal that brought strategic investors (Groupe VYV  Malakoff Humanis  and Pro BTP) into the capital of Cegedim Santé in May 2022 with the aim of giving Cegedim Santé a key presence in all care pathways in France.The Visiodent group was founded in 1983 and in 2018 launched Veasy  the first 100% SaaS solution for dental practices and health clinics at a time when those types of organizations were rapidly expanding. In just a few years  Veasy became the leading solution on the market. It is used by the country’s largest nationwide networks of health clinics (VYV  CNAM  Oxance  Dentégo  etc.) and thousands of dental surgeons in private practice. Today  Veasy is the only SaaS solution that can meet the needs of all dental  medical  and allied health professionals working in a single facility.Cegedim Santé’s acquisition of the Visiodent group makes it a clear leader in France in this segment: it now equips over 1 000 health clinics.Its goal is to put all its weight behind developing Veasy products for dental practices and health clinics so they can handle new regulatory challenges  coordinate care  and digitize patients’ course of care. Combining Veasy with the company’s Maiia platform for scheduling  teleconsultation  and care coordination will add considerable value for healthcare professionals.Benoît Garibal  Cegedim Santé Managing Director  says  “We are thrilled to welcome Visiodent’s teams to Cegedim Santé. We share a family-business culture and are both firmly committed to delivering excellent service to healthcare professionals. Coming together to build a company with incredible growth potential will be an exciting adventure  leveraging two well-established teams with widely recognized expertise. We want to be the most respected player in the space serving dental practices and health clinics in the broadest sense. Our management solution will be suited to both specialty practices and larger facilities  and will include complete third-party payment functionality paired with the power of the Maiia network  which now has nearly 5 million patient accounts. And we’re just getting started!”Morgan Ohnona  Visiodent Chairman and CEO  added  “We are so happy to be part of the Cegedim Santé project. We’ve been growing in leaps and bounds since we launched our Veasy cloud-based solution  and by teaming up with Cegedim Santé we’ll be able to ramp up considerably thanks to their remarkable sales force in the field and network of local branches around France. The two companies are complementary  and the synergies the deal generates will create an unrivaled value proposition for our clients. Of course  the ultimate goal is to play a key role in modernizing and digitalizing our health system.”Visiodent generated revenue of around €10 million last year and will begin contributing to Cegedim Group’s consolidation scope on March 1  2024.Cegedim is in compliance with all of the covenants of its financing contracts.Visiodent was advised on this deal by Lazard (Julien Lestrade  Julien Fauconnier  Alice Boutant) and Moncey (Guillaume Giuliani  Vianney Birot  Yann Fouquet-Michel  Frederic Bosc)  and Cegedim Group  by Rothschild & Co (Pierre Sader).About Visiodent:Visiodent is a leading publisher of management software for dental practices and health clinics (6 000 dental surgeons and 500 clinics). The company launched its cloud-based Veasy solution in 2018 and has since expanded the product to serve multi-specialty health clinics (doctors  physical therapists  nurses  and dentists). Veasy’s clients include France’s biggest networks of public  cooperative  and private health clinics.To learn more  please visit: www.visiodent.comAbout Cegedim Santé:Cegedim Santé  a subsidiary of Cegedim  is a major player in the digital health space offering an ecosystem of compatible solutions that allow medical and allied health professionals to manage their business  the daily running of their practice  and care coordination.The company strives to help them focus on caring for their patients  improve access to care  and make the course of care as smooth as possible. Cegedim is a one-stop solution for the 100 000 healthcare professionals who use its products: patient records management  prescription assistance  billing and—thanks to its Maiia suite of online services—online scheduling/planning  teleconsultation/telehealth  and care coordination via secure instant messaging. Certifications assure users that Cegedim Santé solutions comply with all regulations and are eligible for any available funding. All data hosting is done by cegedim.cloud  which is ISO 27001 and HDS certified (French health data hosting). Cegedim Santé’s 1 000 employees are present in every region  with close ties to regional health organizations.To learn more  please visit: www.cegedim-sante.comAnd follow Cegedim Santé on X: @CegedimSanté  Facebook  YouTube  and LinkedIn.About Cegedim:Founded in 1969  Cegedim is an innovative technology and services group in the field of digital data flow management for healthcare ecosystems and B2B  and a business software publisher for healthcare and insurance professionals. Cegedim employs more than 6 500 people in more than 10 countries and generated revenue of €616 million in 2023.Cegedim SA is listed in Paris (EURONEXT: CGM).To learn more  please visit: www.cegedim.frAnd follow Cegedim on X: @CegedimGroup   LinkedIn  and Facebook .Aude BalleydierCegedimMedia Relationsand Communications ManagerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 68 81aude.balleydier@cegedim.frDamien BuffetCegedimHead of Financial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)7 64 63 55 73damien.buffet@cegedim.comCéline PardoBecomingMedia Relations ConsultantTel.: +33 (0)6 52 08 13 66cegedim@becoming-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Visiodent group', 'Cegedim', 'acquisition', 'February', 'Cegedim Santé Managing Director', 'new regulatory challenges', 'Benoît Garibal', 'incredible growth potential', 'third-party payment functionality', '5 million patient accounts', 'remarkable sales force', 'largest nationwide networks', 'unrivaled value proposition', 'health clinic segments', 'patient records management', 'first 100% SaaS solution', 'allied health professionals', 'multi-specialty health clinics', 'two well-established teams', 'digital health space', 'Cegedim Santé project', 'Veasy cloud-based solution', 'cloud-based Veasy solution', 'private health clinics', 'The Visiodent group', 'Cegedim Santé subsidiary', 'management solution', '1,000 health clinics', 'considerable value', 'two companies', 'biggest networks', 'health system', 'leading solution', 'one-stop solution', 'healthcare professionals', 'management software', 'private practice', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'innovative technology', 'leading provider', 'software publishing', 'strategic investors', 'Malakoff Humanis', 'Pro BTP', 'key presence', 'Dentégo', 'single facility', 'clear leader', 'Maiia platform', 'family-business culture', 'excellent service', 'exciting adventure', 'respected player', 'broadest sense', 'specialty practices', 'larger facilities', 'Morgan Ohnona', 'local branches', 'key role', 'consolidation scope', 'financing contracts', 'Julien Lestrade', 'Julien Fauconnier', 'Alice Boutant', 'Guillaume Giuliani', 'Vianney Birot', 'Yann Fouquet-Michel', 'Frederic Bosc', 'Pierre Sader', 'leading publisher', 'physical therapists', 'major player', 'daily running', 'prescription assistance', 'Maiia suite', 'online services', 'Cegedim Group', 'dental practices', 'dental surgeons', 'compatible solutions', 'development plan', 'Groupe VYV', 'Maiia network', 'ultimate goal', 'Visiodent Chairman', 'care pathways', 'care coordination', 'services company', 'Veasy products', 'patients’ course', '500 clinics', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'February', 'deal', 'ecosystem', 'dentists', 'leadership', 'acquisition', 'capital', 'May', 'aim', 'time', 'types', 'organizations', 'years', 'market', 'country', 'CNAM', 'Oxance', 'thousands', 'needs', 'weight', 'scheduling', 'teleconsultation', 'expertise', 'complete', 'power', 'CEO', 'leaps', 'bounds', 'field', 'synergies', 'clients', 'revenue', 'March', 'compliance', 'covenants', 'Lazard', 'Moncey', 'Rothschild', 'doctors', 'nurses', 'medical', 'access', 'billing', 'planning', 'telehe']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36293,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829605/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4799 £ 24.5474 Estimated MTD return -0.97 % -0.93 % Estimated YTD return -0.25 % -0.09 % Estimated ITD return 174.80 % 145.47 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7893 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6243The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36294,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICELANDIC-SALMON-114282622/news/Q4-2023-results-Navigating-challenging-conditions-and-positioning-for-further-growth-45955498/,Q4 2023 results: Navigating challenging conditions and positioning for further growth -February 15  2024 at 12:31 am EST,"(marketscreener.com) Bíldudalur  15th of February 2024 Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax  and other subsidiaries involved in salmon farming and processing in Iceland. The companies are collectively referred to as ""Icelandic Salmon"" or the ""Gr…","Bíldudalur  15th of February 2024Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax  and other subsidiaries involved in salmon farming and processing in Iceland. The companies are collectively referred to as ""Icelandic Salmon"" or the ""Group"".OperationsIn the fourth quarter 2023  Icelandic Salmon continued ramping up harvest volumes  up from both the previous quarter and the corresponding quarter last year. The group harvested 7 219 tonnes up from 6 008 tonnes in the fourth quarter 2022  an increase of 20 per cent. The high harvest volume in the fourth quarter was partly a result of the previously reported biological challenges  which prompted the company to harvest early for animal welfare reasons.“I am proud of our team’s effort in navigating challenging working conditions. As previously reported  our team had to adapt quickly to a biological challenge in Tálknafjörður  where biological challenges posed a risk to fish health and continued sustainable growth ” said Bjørn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon.The group reported revenues of EUR 51.6 million in the fourth quarter 2023  compared to 51.7 million in the fourth quarter 2022. The EBIT for the quarter was EUR 2.0 million  resulting in an EBIT/kg of EUR 0.28. The EBIT/kg was down from the corresponding quarter last year of EUR 1.55  mainly due to higher cost level related to the reported biological challenges. A one-off cost of 5.2 million EUR was booked in the fourth quarter 2023  adjusted for this the EBIT/kg was EUR 1.00.Strategic milestonesIcelandic Salmon continues to monitor markets closely with the aim to obtain the best price possible for its products. Partly for this reason  the company increased its sales to Asia and Europe in the fourth quarter  and reduced sales to the US where markets were temporarily softer.The Group is awaiting approval for a new 10 000-tonnes farming license in Ísafjarðardjúp  a 4 500-tonnes MAB license in Arnarfjörður and new MAB utilization regime for two sites in Arnarfjörður. Uncertainty persists regarding the allowed share of fertile fish on the Ísafjarðardjúp license and the implications for Arnarfjörður applications under Iceland's new proposed regulatory regime. A final decision is expected in 2024.In January  Icelandic Salmon received a new license for its smolt plant Gileyri for an additional volume capacity of 1 000 tonnes. Implying opportunities for increase production on existing capacity levels and a potential for further scale-up.Within sales and marketing  Icelandic Salmon has strengthened its team with the appointment of Linda Gunnlaugsdottir as the CSO in January.OutlookFor the year 2024 as a whole  Icelandic Salmon expects to harvest 15 000 tonnes  in line with previous guidance. The spring 2022 generation is performing well and shows significant improvements on key parameters.For the longer-term  the group continue to see a potential for growth up to 26 000 tonnes on existing licenses. The promising performance of this year’s smolt stocking supports this view.“We are optimistic about Icelandic Salmon’s future growth  despite recent biological challenges and expected  not yet confirmed regulatory changes. We have implemented effective measures with neighboring farmers to address the biological challenges and maintain an open dialogue with the Icelandic government to navigate regulatory shifts. Our shared ambition is to grow the industry sustainably. We are committed to continue to deliver value for our shareholders  for our other stakeholders and for Iceland ” said Bjørn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon.Presentation detailsAttached is the presentation for the fourth quarter 2023.CEO  Bjørn Hembre and CFO  Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will be presenting the results at 8:00 am Icelandic time (09:00 am CET) via a webcast on arnarlax.webcast.is.The presentation will be followed by a Q&A session. Questions can be sent before and during the presentation to questions@arnarlax.is . A recording of the presentation will be made available on the company's website.After the presentation  one-on-one meetings may be scheduled either at our office in Reykjavík (Borgartún 18) or on Teams from 9:00 am to 2:00 pm Icelandic time. If interested  please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.is .For further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn HembreTel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.is ( mailto:bjorn@arnarlax.is )CFO Jónas Heiðar BirgissonTel: +354 414 0609Email: jonas@arnarlax.is (mailto:jonas@arnarlax.is)About Icelandic Salmon:Icelandic Salmon is listed at the Euronext Growth. The company is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with their head office in Bildudalur. The company is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.21,0.43,True,English,"['Q4 2023 results', 'challenging conditions', 'positioning', 'growth', 'February', '12:31', 'Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', 'Tálknafjörður', 'Arnarfjörður applications', 'Ísafjarðardjúp license', 'new MAB utilization regime', 'new 10,000-tonnes farming license', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', '4,500-tonnes MAB license', 'animal welfare reasons', 'challenging working conditions', 'additional volume capacity', 'Q&A session', 'high harvest volume', 'higher cost level', 'existing capacity levels', 'leading farming company', 'recent biological challenges', 'new license', 'salmon farming', 'regulatory regime', 'harvest volumes', 'one-off cost', 'existing licenses', 'Bíldudalur', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'other subsidiaries', '20 per cent', 'Strategic milestones', 'best price', 'two sites', 'final decision', 'smolt plant', 'Linda Gunnlaugsdottir', 'previous guidance', 'spring 2022 generation', 'significant improvements', 'key parameters', 'promising performance', 'smolt stocking', 'regulatory changes', 'effective measures', 'neighboring farmers', 'open dialogue', 'Icelandic government', 'regulatory shifts', 'other stakeholders', 'Icelandic time', 'one meetings', 'Reykjavík', 'Borgartún', 'disclosure requirements', 'fourth quarter', 'previous quarter', 'corresponding quarter', 'sustainable growth', 'future growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'fish health', 'fertile fish', 'head office', 'value chain', 'parent company', 'The EBIT/kg', 'The Group', 'Arnarlax ehf', 'Presentation details', 'arnarlax.is', '15th', 'February', 'processing', 'companies', 'Operations', '7,219 tonnes', '6,008 tonnes', 'increase', 'result', 'team', 'effort', 'risk', 'revenues', 'markets', 'aim', 'products', 'sales', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'approval', 'Uncertainty', 'share', 'implications', 'January', 'Gileyri', '1,000 tonnes', 'opportunities', 'production', 'potential', 'scale-up', 'marketing', 'appointment', 'CSO', 'Outlook', 'year', '15,000 tonnes', 'line', 'longer-term', '26,000 tonnes', 'view', 'ambition', 'industry', 'CFO', 'CET', 'webcast', 'Questions', 'recording', 'website', '9:00 am', 'email', 'hjortur', 'information', 'Tel', 'bjorn', 'mailto', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'customers', 'control', 'parts', 'Section', '2024', '8:00', '2:00']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36295,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-firmenich-to-separate-out-animal-nutrition--health-business-from-the-group-302062325.html,dsm-firmenich to separate out Animal Nutrition & Health business from the Group,Full focus on nutrition  health  and beauty to enable dsm-firmenich to better drive superior innovation-led growth. Separating out Animal Nutrition & Health from the Group to minimize dsm-firmenich's exposure to vitamins earnings volatility and reduce capital…,"Full focus on nutrition  health  and beauty to enable dsm-firmenich to better drive superior innovation-led growth. Separating out Animal Nutrition & Health from the Group to minimize dsm-firmenich's exposure to vitamins earnings volatility and reduce capital intensity in line with its long-term strategyFull potential of the Animal Nutrition & Health business would be best realized through a different ownership structure. Animal Nutrition & Health would strengthen its distinctive position as a global leader with its unique and integrated combination of vitamins  premixes  performance solutions and precision nutritionKAISERAUGST  Switzerland and HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 15  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- dsm-firmenich (the ""Company"" or the ""Group"")  innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  announces today the initiation of a process to carve-out and separate out the Animal Nutrition & Health (""ANH"") business from the Group. ANH is driven by different dynamics to the rest of the Group  which has become even more apparent with the unprecedented challenges in the vitamins market. The Company believes that the full potential of the ANH business could be best realized through a different ownership structure for which all potential separation options will be considered. The Company would expect to be in a position to separate the business in the course of 2025.Dimitri de Vreeze  CEO of dsm-firmenich  commented: ""Our purpose at dsm-firmenich is to bring Progress to Life  as we boost innovation in premium  high-growth and resilient segments. ANH is a fantastic business that over the years we have built to be a true leader in the industry. This is a difficult moment  but we strongly believe that a separation would be better for both businesses and their employees  and ultimately generate better value for all our stakeholders.""A separation would enable dsm-firmenich to strengthen its position as a world-leader in nutrition  health  and beauty. By fully focusing on Perfumery & Beauty (P&B); Taste  Texture & Health (TTH); and Health  Nutrition & Care (HNC)  the Company can further develop its complementary world-class scientific research  technologies and manufacturing excellence. Full focus on these businesses is expected to enhance their commercial potential and synergies  supporting an attractive and consistent growth outlook alongside robust margins.The perimeter of the ANH business expected to be separated out is being reviewed as part of this process. Given Bovaer's critical role in reducing emissions across the dairy industry  an important segment for TTH  and Veramaris' significant potential in dietary supplements  it is expected that both businesses would remain part of the Group.Ivo Lansbergen will continue to lead the ANH business. He joined in 1997 and led ANH since 2019.Ivo Lansbergen  President  Animal Nutrition & Health  commented: ""We have an amazing team within ANH that has built a global leader with scale  a unique portfolio and unrivalled innovation capabilities to help our customers tackle some of the most challenging food security issues and with a strategy that is strongly focused on Making Animal Farming Sustainable. It is an exciting prospect for our world class team to pursue our ANH strategy.""ANH is a world leading business with the most complete ingredients portfolio ideally positioned to support a growing population through more sustainable animal farming. Headquartered in Kaiseraugst  last year ANH delivered more than €3 billion in revenues with approximately 6 000 employees. It helps its customers to deliver healthy animal proteins efficiently and sustainably whilst harnessing the power of data to make animal farming practices more sustainable  productive  and transparent. The business has a unique premix network across the world that helps deliver global products with local solutions and benefits from precision services capability.The global vitamins market has experienced a prolonged downturn which has been driven primarily by unprecedented cyclical pressure on vitamin prices in the animal markets. This has been partly mitigated by strong outcomes from the performance solutions business which provides important tools for farmers to deliver feed efficiency yield management. By separating ANH  dsm-firmenich's exposure to future vitamin earnings volatility would be reduced.As part of the vitamin transformation program announced in June 2023  the Company continues to make significant progress on its cost reduction plan including plant closures  route-to-market simplification  and optimized service levels. The Company remains confident in realizing a contribution of €100 million in adjusted EBITDA in 2024 and the full benefit of €200 million in 2025.During the process  dsm-firmenich remains committed to the ANH business  its market-leading team and to providing excellent service to customers as the business transitions to a new ownership structure to deliver its full potential.Important disclaimers and forward-looking statementsThis announcement is a statement of intention and subject to satisfaction of customary conditions  including consultation with works councils and employee representatives (as required)  in all relevant geographies.This press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. Also  for a variety of reasons including many factors outside the control of dsm-firmenich  there can be no guarantee that the proposed separation of ANH will be decided and completed within the expected time frame or at all. Nor can there be any guarantee that dsm-firmenich or a separate ANH business will be able to realize any of the potential strategic benefits  synergies or opportunities or any guarantee that shareholders will achieve any particular level of return in relation thereto. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.Note to editorsAbout dsm-firmenich:As innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world's growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss-Dutch company  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people.www.dsm-firmenich.comFollow us on:LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/company/dsm-firmenichTwitter: https://twitter.com/dsmfirmenichFacebook: https://facebook.com/dsmfirmenichInstagram: https://instagram.com/dsmfirmenichFor more informationdsm-firmenich media enquiries: media@dsm-firmenich.comdsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries: investors@dsm-firmenich.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2071772/4545433/dsm_firmenich_Logo.jpg",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.31,0.11,True,English,"['Animal Nutrition', 'Health business', 'dsm-firmenich', 'Group', 'complementary world-class scientific research', 'challenging food security issues', 'future vitamin earnings volatility', 'vitamins earnings volatility', 'superior innovation-led growth', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'consistent growth outlook', 'efficiency yield management', 'vitamin transformation program', 'cost reduction plan', 'new ownership structure', 'different ownership structure', 'complete ingredients portfolio', 'precision services capability', 'unprecedented cyclical pressure', 'healthy animal proteins', 'unrivalled innovation capabilities', 'unique premix network', 'sustainable animal farming', 'animal farming practices', ""Veramaris' significant potential"", 'world class team', 'potential separation options', 'world leading business', 'global vitamins market', 'performance solutions business', 'vitamin prices', 'different dynamics', 'unprecedented challenges', 'unique portfolio', 'Full potential', 'commercial potential', 'amazing team', 'local solutions', 'market simplification', 'market-leading team', 'animal markets', 'global products', 'precision nutrition', 'Full focus', 'capital intensity', 'global leader', 'integrated combination', 'premium, high-growth', 'resilient segments', 'difficult moment', 'P&B', 'manufacturing excellence', 'robust margins', 'critical role', 'important segment', 'dietary supplements', 'Ivo Lansbergen', 'exciting prospect', 'growing population', 'prolonged downturn', 'strong outcomes', 'important tools', 'significant progress', 'plant closures', 'service levels', 'full benefit', 'excellent service', 'Important disclaimers', 'forward-looking statements', 'fantastic business', 'Animal Nutrition', 'true leader', 'long-term strategy', 'dairy industry', 'ANH"") business', 'ANH business', 'distinctive position', 'The Company', 'ANH strategy', 'Health business', 'beauty', 'dsm-firmenich', 'Group', 'exposure', 'line', 'premixes', 'KAISERAUGST', 'Switzerland', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', 'innovators', 'initiation', 'process', 'rest', 'course', 'CEO', 'purpose', 'Life', 'years', 'businesses', 'employees', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'Perfumery', 'Taste', 'Texture', 'TTH', 'Care', 'HNC', 'technologies', 'synergies', 'attractive', 'perimeter', 'part', 'Bovaer', 'emissions', 'President', 'scale', 'customers', 'revenues', 'power', 'data', 'benefits', 'farmers', 'June', 'contribution', 'EBITDA', 'announcement', 'intention']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,prnewswire.co.uk
36296,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829587/0/en/Valneva-Reports-Full-Year-2023-Revenue-and-Cash-Provides-First-2024-Guidance.html,Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2024 Guidance,Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2024 Guidance  Total revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 million...,"Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash Provides First 2024 GuidanceTotal revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 millionProduct sales surpassed pre-pandemic (2019) sales by 12% and 2022 sales by 26%Excluding COVID-19 vaccine sales  product sales grew by 63% compared to 2022Cash position of €126.1 million at December 31  2023Excludes recent sale of the Priority Review Voucher (PRV) for $103 million (€95 million) 1Reflects significant payments related to the Phase 3 Lyme disease study  for which Valneva’s cost contributions are expected to be completed in the first half 20242First full year 2024 guidanceProduct sales expected between €150 million and €180 million  reflecting continued revenue growth for proprietary products and IXCHIQ ® ’s launch-year sales  despite anticipated supply constraints for third-party products and IXIARO ®’s launch-year sales  despite anticipated supply constraints for third-party products and IXIARO Other income anticipated between €95 million and €105 million  including the PRV sold in early 2024 for €95 millionExpected R&D expenses between €65 million and €90 millionSaint-Herblain (France)  February 15  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its revenue and cash balance for the full year 2023 and provided first full year 2024 sales and R&D expense guidance. The Company will publish its 2023 audited consolidated financial statements on March 20  2024.Peter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “In 2023  Valneva successfully executed on key strategic objectives despite a difficult economic environment. Our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ® became the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this unmet medical need and we also managed to surpass our pre-pandemic product sales. Our objective for 2024 is to continue capitalizing on the travel industry recovery to deliver further commercial growth for our existing proprietary products and generate first sales from our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ®. With the recent successful sale of our PRV  we are entering 2024 in a good financial position to support our commercial and R&D objectives.”RevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €153.7 million in 2023 compared to €361.3 million in 2022. Total revenues in 2022 included €280.0 million of revenue recognition mainly related to the COVID-19 supply agreements in the prior year.Valneva’s total product sales reached €144.6 million in 2023 compared to €114.8 million in 2022. Currency fluctuations of €2.8 million adversely impacted product sales. COVID-19 vaccine sales in 2023 amounted to €7.7 million compared to €29.6 million in 2022. Excluding COVID-19  product sales reached €138.9 million in 2023 compared to €85.2 million during the comparator period of 2022  an increase of 63%.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €73.5 million in 2023 compared to €41.3 million in 2022. The 78% increase in sales is primarily the result of the continued travel market recovery  as well as price increases. The increase in IXIARO®/JESPECT® product sales included an adverse €1.5 million foreign currency impact.DUKORAL® sales were €29.8 million in 2023 compared to €17.3 million in 2022. This 72% increase is also a result of the significant recovery in the private travel markets and price increases. Foreign currency fluctuations reduced DUKORAL® sales by €0.9 million.Third Party product sales were €35.7 million in 2023 compared to €26.5 million in 2022  a 34% increase which was mainly driven by sales of Rabipur®/RabAvert® and Encepur® under the distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic.Other revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services amounted to €9.1 million in 2023 compared to €246.5 million in 2022. Other revenues in 2022 included COVID-related one-time effects of €280.0 million consisting of released refund liability as a result of the settlement with the UK government  as well as released non-refundable advance payments from European Member States  partially offset by €45.9 million of negative revenue resulting from an increase in the refund liability linked to the amended VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer.LiquidityCash and cash equivalents were €126.1 million as of December 31  2023  compared to €289.4 million as of December 31  2022. Cash and Cash equivalents in 2023 included the drawing of a total of $100 million from the Deerfield & OrbiMed loan agreement as well as significant payments made to Pfizer related to the companies’ Phase 3 Lyme disease study “VALOR”. They  however  excluded $103 million of proceeds from the PRV which Valneva sold in February 2024.2024 GuidanceProduct sales in 2024 are expected between €150 million and €180 million  subject to availability of IXIARO® and third-party products  as well as IXCHIQ®’s launch-year sales performance in the United States. 2024 product sales are expected to reflect further growth of the Company’s existing proprietary product sales (IXIARO®  DUKORAL®)  lower third-party product sales due to supply constraints as well as first IXCHIQ® sales. Other revenues are expected at similar levels as compared to 2023. Other income is anticipated between €95 million and €105 million  including the PRV sold in early 2024 for €95 million. The Company expects R&D expenses between €65 million and €90 million  mainly driven by investments in earlier stage R&D pipeline programs and ongoing clinical development activities for the Company’s chikungunya vaccine.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first and only chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to expected total revenues and product sales for full fiscal year 2023 and guidance for certain financial results in fiscal year 2024. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis and other global events  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  and the impact of a pandemic  the occurrence of any of which could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces Sale of Priority Review Voucher for $103 Million - Valneva2 Valneva and Pfizer Enter into an Equity Subscription Agreement and Update Terms of Collaboration Agreement for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.13,0.59,True,English,"['Full Year', 'First 2024 Guidance', 'Valneva', 'Revenue', 'Cash', 'companies’ Phase 3 Lyme disease study', 'adverse €1.5 million foreign currency impact', '2023 audited consolidated financial statements', 'continued travel market recovery', 'R&D expense guidance', 'Third Party product sales', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'First full year 2024 guidance', 'first full year 2024 sales', 'existing proprietary product sales', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® product sales', 'Foreign currency fluctuations', 'R&D expenses', 'R&D objectives', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'travel industry recovery', 'private travel markets', 'Priority Review Voucher', 'Peter Bühler', 'key strategic objectives', 'difficult economic environment', 'unmet medical need', 'COVID-related one-time effects', 'good financial position', 'existing proprietary products', 'European Member States', 'Full Year 2023 Revenue', 'COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'COVID-19 supply agreements', 'non-refundable advance payments', 'OrbiMed loan agreement', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales', 'pre-pandemic product sales', 'specialty vaccine company', 'recent successful sale', 'launch-year sales performance', 'continued revenue growth', 'IXIARO Other income', 'chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ®', 'total product sales', 'First 2024 Guidance', 'first sales', '2024 product sales', 'recent sale', 'first half', 'prior year', 'significant recovery', 'United States', 'pandemic (2019) sales', 'significant payments', 'supply constraints', 'distribution agreement', 'license agreement', 'third-party products', 'revenue recognition', 'negative revenue', 'DUKORAL® sales', 'Cash position', 'Other revenues', 'cost contributions', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Company', 'comparator period', 'price increases', 'Rabipur®/RabAvert®', 'Bavarian Nordic', 'refund liability', 'UK government', 'VLA15 collaboration', 'Total revenues', 'cash balance', 'cash equivalents', 'commercial growth', 'Valneva Reports', 'Valneva SE', '2022 sales', 'IXCHIQ ®', 'December', 'PRV', 'early', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'Nasdaq', 'March', 'world', '78% increase', 'result', '72% increase', '34% increase', 'Encepur®', 'collaborations', 'licensing', 'services', 'settlement', 'Pfizer', 'Liquidity', 'drawing', 'Deerfield', 'VALOR', 'proceeds', 'availability']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-Reports-Full-Year-2023-Revenue-and-Cash-Provides-First-2024-Guidance-45955649/,Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2024 Guidance -February 15  2024 at 01:02 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2024 Guidance Total revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 million Product sales surpassed pre-pandemic sales by 12% and 2022 sales by 26%Excluding COV…,"Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash Provides First 2024 GuidanceTotal revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 millionProduct sales surpassed pre-pandemic (2019) sales by 12% and 2022 sales by 26%Excluding COVID-19 vaccine sales  product sales grew by 63% compared to 2022Cash position of €126.1 million at December 31  2023Excludes recent sale of the Priority Review Voucher (PRV) for $103 million (€95 million) 1Reflects significant payments related to the Phase 3 Lyme disease study  for which Valneva’s cost contributions are expected to be completed in the first half 20242First full year 2024 guidanceProduct sales expected between €150 million and €180 million  reflecting continued revenue growth for proprietary products and IXCHIQ ® ’s launch-year sales  despite anticipated supply constraints for third-party products and IXIARO ®’s launch-year sales  despite anticipated supply constraints for third-party products and IXIARO Other income anticipated between €95 million and €105 million  including the PRV sold in early 2024 for €95 millionExpected R&D expenses between €65 million and €90 millionSaint-Herblain (France)  February 15  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its revenue and cash balance for the full year 2023 and provided first full year 2024 sales and R&D expense guidance. The Company will publish its 2023 audited consolidated financial statements on March 20  2024.Peter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “In 2023  Valneva successfully executed on key strategic objectives despite a difficult economic environment. Our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ® became the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this unmet medical need and we also managed to surpass our pre-pandemic product sales. Our objective for 2024 is to continue capitalizing on the travel industry recovery to deliver further commercial growth for our existing proprietary products and generate first sales from our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ®. With the recent successful sale of our PRV  we are entering 2024 in a good financial position to support our commercial and R&D objectives.”RevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €153.7 million in 2023 compared to €361.3 million in 2022. Total revenues in 2022 included €280.0 million of revenue recognition mainly related to the COVID-19 supply agreements in the prior year.Valneva’s total product sales reached €144.6 million in 2023 compared to €114.8 million in 2022. Currency fluctuations of €2.8 million adversely impacted product sales. COVID-19 vaccine sales in 2023 amounted to €7.7 million compared to €29.6 million in 2022. Excluding COVID-19  product sales reached €138.9 million in 2023 compared to €85.2 million during the comparator period of 2022  an increase of 63%.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €73.5 million in 2023 compared to €41.3 million in 2022. The 78% increase in sales is primarily the result of the continued travel market recovery  as well as price increases. The increase in IXIARO®/JESPECT® product sales included an adverse €1.5 million foreign currency impact.DUKORAL® sales were €29.8 million in 2023 compared to €17.3 million in 2022. This 72% increase is also a result of the significant recovery in the private travel markets and price increases. Foreign currency fluctuations reduced DUKORAL® sales by €0.9 million.Third Party product sales were €35.7 million in 2023 compared to €26.5 million in 2022  a 34% increase which was mainly driven by sales of Rabipur®/RabAvert® and Encepur® under the distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic.Other revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services amounted to €9.1 million in 2023 compared to €246.5 million in 2022. Other revenues in 2022 included COVID-related one-time effects of €280.0 million consisting of released refund liability as a result of the settlement with the UK government  as well as released non-refundable advance payments from European Member States  partially offset by €45.9 million of negative revenue resulting from an increase in the refund liability linked to the amended VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer.LiquidityCash and cash equivalents were €126.1 million as of December 31  2023  compared to €289.4 million as of December 31  2022. Cash and Cash equivalents in 2023 included the drawing of a total of $100 million from the Deerfield & OrbiMed loan agreement as well as significant payments made to Pfizer related to the companies’ Phase 3 Lyme disease study “VALOR”. They  however  excluded $103 million of proceeds from the PRV which Valneva sold in February 2024.2024 GuidanceProduct sales in 2024 are expected between €150 million and €180 million  subject to availability of IXIARO® and third-party products  as well as IXCHIQ®’s launch-year sales performance in the United States. 2024 product sales are expected to reflect further growth of the Company’s existing proprietary product sales (IXIARO®  DUKORAL®)  lower third-party product sales due to supply constraints as well as first IXCHIQ® sales. Other revenues are expected at similar levels as compared to 2023. Other income is anticipated between €95 million and €105 million  including the PRV sold in early 2024 for €95 million. The Company expects R&D expenses between €65 million and €90 million  mainly driven by investments in earlier stage R&D pipeline programs and ongoing clinical development activities for the Company’s chikungunya vaccine.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first and only chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Pleaseclick here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to expected total revenues and product sales for full fiscal year 2023 and guidance for certain financial results in fiscal year 2024. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis and other global events  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  and the impact of a pandemic  the occurrence of any of which could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces Sale of Priority Review Voucher for $103 Million - Valneva2 Valneva and Pfizer Enter into an Equity Subscription Agreement and Update Terms of Collaboration Agreement for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.13,0.59,True,English,"['Full Year', 'First 2024 Guidance', 'Valneva', 'Revenue', 'Cash', 'February', '01', 'companies’ Phase 3 Lyme disease study', 'adverse €1.5 million foreign currency impact', '2023 audited consolidated financial statements', 'continued travel market recovery', 'R&D expense guidance', 'Third Party product sales', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'First full year 2024 guidance', 'first full year 2024 sales', 'existing proprietary product sales', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® product sales', 'Foreign currency fluctuations', 'R&D expenses', 'R&D objectives', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'travel industry recovery', 'private travel markets', 'Priority Review Voucher', 'Peter Bühler', 'key strategic objectives', 'difficult economic environment', 'unmet medical need', 'COVID-related one-time effects', 'good financial position', 'existing proprietary products', 'European Member States', 'Full Year 2023 Revenue', 'COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'COVID-19 supply agreements', 'non-refundable advance payments', 'OrbiMed loan agreement', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales', 'pre-pandemic product sales', 'specialty vaccine company', 'recent successful sale', 'launch-year sales performance', 'continued revenue growth', 'IXIARO Other income', 'chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ®', 'total product sales', 'First 2024 Guidance', 'first sales', '2024 product sales', 'recent sale', 'first half', 'prior year', 'significant recovery', 'United States', 'pandemic (2019) sales', 'significant payments', 'supply constraints', 'distribution agreement', 'license agreement', 'third-party products', 'revenue recognition', 'negative revenue', 'DUKORAL® sales', 'Cash position', 'Other revenues', 'cost contributions', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Company', 'comparator period', 'price increases', 'Rabipur®/RabAvert®', 'Bavarian Nordic', 'refund liability', 'UK government', 'VLA15 collaboration', 'Total revenues', 'cash balance', 'cash equivalents', 'commercial growth', 'Valneva Reports', 'Valneva SE', '2022 sales', 'IXCHIQ ®', 'December', 'PRV', 'early', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'Nasdaq', 'March', 'world', '78% increase', 'result', '72% increase', '34% increase', 'Encepur®', 'collaborations', 'licensing', 'services', 'settlement', 'Pfizer', 'Liquidity', 'drawing', 'Deerfield', 'VALOR', 'proceeds', 'availability']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-reports-preliminary-2023-fiscal-year-financial-Information-and-provides-an-update-on-its-45966480/,Inventiva reports preliminary 2023 fiscal year financial Information¹ and provides an update on its clinical trial NATiV3,(marketscreener.com) Revenues of €17.5 million for the full year of 2023  compared to €12.2 million for 2022Cash and cash equivalents at €26.9 million  short-term deposits at € 0.01 million2  and long-term deposit at €9.0 million3 as of December 31  2023  com…,Revenues of €17.5 million for the full year of 2023  compared to €12.2 million for 2022Cash and cash equivalents at €26.9 million  short-term deposits at € 0.01 million 2   and long-term deposit at €9.0 million 3 as of December 31  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million  and €0.7 million respectively  as of December 31  2022  and long-term deposit at €9.0 million as of December 31  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million  and €0.7 million respectively  as of December 31  2022 Receipt on January 18  2024 of the second tranche of €25 million under the EIB loan agreement 4Estimated cash runway until the beginning of the third quarter of 2024 5Patients currently enrolled in the Phase III NATiV3 trial are continuing treatment as Inventiva has voluntarily paused screening and randomization of new patients to implement additional screening eligibility criteria recommended by the independent Data Monitoring Committee following review of a reported treatment–related Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) of elevated aminotransferases in a patient enrolled in the trialThis SUSAR is the first reported in all clinical trials with lanifibranor. Prior to this voluntary pause  Inventiva was on track to complete screening by the end of the first quarter of 2024; the Company anticipates that the pause of screening may extend the last patient first visit timeline to the first half of 2024Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  February 15  2024 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported certain preliminary unaudited financial results as of and for the full year ended December 31  2023  including cash  cash equivalents  and revenues  and provided an update on its clinical trial NATiV3.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  Chief Executive Officer and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “2023 has been an eventful year for the company. We achieved several key clinical milestones in our lanifibranor program  including a new partnership with Hepalys Pharma Inc. to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH in Japan and South Korea. During the year  we also raised approximately €36 million and received a $10 million upfront payment under our agreement with Hepalys. This allowed us to draw down the second tranche of €25 million of the €50 million EIB loan in January 2024.We have advanced our pivotal NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH after the implementation of the revised study design in early 2023  with 913 patients randomized to date. An adverse event of elevated aminotransferases has been reported in a patient enrolled in the trial following a scheduled visit. The patient has been asymptomatic and blood tests are improving. However  we have decided to temporarily suspend the screening and randomization of new patients to implement the exclusion criteria in line with the recommendations of the Data Monitoring Committee. All our teams are working diligently  and we are confident that recruitment will resume in around 4 to 6 weeks' time.”Preliminary Unaudited Financial ResultsAs of December 31  2023  the Company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to €26.9 million  short-term deposits to €0.01 million2  and long-term deposit to €9.0 million3  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million  and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectively.The decrease in cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term deposits between December 31  2023  and December 31  2022 was mainly caused by the increased use of cash in operating activities. This reflects the acceleration of clinical development activities in 2023  mostly driven by costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”). This decrease is partially offset by:the financing of €35.7 million (gross amount) consisting of a reserved capital increase of €30.6 million and the issuance of royalty certificates of €5.1 million announced on August 31  20236  the receipt of the $10 million upfront payment from Hepalys Pharma  Inc. (“Hepalys”) on October 18  2023  in accordance with the exclusive licensing agreement to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and potentially other metabolic diseases in Japan and South Korea (the “Hepalys License Agreement”)  and the receipt of two short-term milestone payments  together amounting to a total of $5 million  from Sino Biopharm  through its subsidiary Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group Co.  Ltd. (“CTTQ”)  following (a) receipt of the Investigational New Drug (“IND”) by the Chinese national Medical Products Administration (the “NMPA”) and (b) the enrollment by CTTQ of the first patient in China in the Company’s ongoing pivotal NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial.The above cash  cash equivalents and deposits do not include the disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million of the unsecured loan agreement executed with the European Investment Bank (“EIB”)  which was received on January 18  2024. Considering its current cost structure and forecasted expenditures  the Company estimates that  including the second tranche of the EIB loan  its cash  cash equivalents and deposits should allow the Company to fund its operations as currently planned until the beginning of the third quarter of 20245.Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€81.6) million for the full year 2023  compared to (€44.9) million in 2022. R&D expenses for 2023 were up 82% compared to 2022. This increase was primarily due to the clinical development activities planned for and executed in 2023  partially offset by the upfront and milestone payments received from our partners  CTTQ and Hepalys (see above).Net cash used in investing activities for the full year 2023 amounted to (€7.7) million  compared to €8.9 million generated for the same period in 2022. The change was mostly due to the variations in deposits between both periods.Net cash generated from financing activities for the full year 2023 amounted to €29.1 million  compared to €37.3 million for 2022. The increase was mainly due to the financing of €35.7 million (gross amount) in August 2023  consisting of a capital increase and the issuance of royalty certificates.The net cash generated from financing activities in 2022 was mainly driven by the equity sold through the Company’s At-The-Market Program for approximately €9.4 million (gross proceeds) in June 2022  three loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million entered into in the first half of 2022  and the receipt of the first tranche of €25 million of the unsecured loan agreement with the EIB. In 2023 and 2022  the net cash generated (see above) is partially offset by the repayments of medical imaging equipment lease liabilities and loans.In 2023  the Company recorded a positive exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of €0.4 million  compared to a negative effect of (€1.0) million for the same period in 2022  due to the evolution of EUR/USD exchange rate.RevenuesThe Company’s revenues for 2023 amounted to €17.5 million  compared to €12.2 million for the same period in 2022.Revenues for 2023 consist mainly of i) €4.6 million  recognized under the license agreement with CTTQ following the receipt of two regulatory milestone payments from CTTQ in connection with IND approval from the NMPA to initiate the clinical development in mainland China of lanifibranor in NASH  and the randomization of the first patient and ii) €12.8 million  recognized under Hepalys License Agreement7.Update on NATiV3 clinical trial with lanifibranorFollowing a routine visit during the course of the NATiV3 trial  an adverse event of liver tests was reported in a patient enrolled in the trial. This event has been assessed as a treatment-related Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (“SUSAR”). The study drug was discontinued for that patient and liver tests which are being closely followed at the clinical site are improving and the patient has been without clinical symptoms throughout the period of observation. Additional lab tests and a liver biopsy performed after study drug discontinuation provided results compatible with autoimmune hepatitis. This patient presented at baseline in September 2022 with a histological diagnosis of NASH with stage 2 fibrosis. An earlier diagnostic analysis had raised a suspicion of autoimmune hepatitis dating back to June 2022.The SUSAR was duly reported to all regulatory authorities and reviewed by the DMC in conjunction with other milder cases of elevation of aminotransferases among trial participants. The DMC subsequently recommended that the NATiV3 trial can continue with the following modifications:liver monitoring every 6 weeks for each patient; andamendment to the protocol to exclude newly screened patients diagnosed or with a predisposition to autoimmune liver or thyroid disease.Following review of the data by the DMC  the Company made the decision to voluntarily pause screening and randomization to implement the DMC recommendations. Patients currently enrolled are continuing to receive treatment under the new liver monitoring schedule recommended by the DMC.The Company is working diligently to make the appropriate amendments to the study protocol and the Informed Consent Form in line with the DMC recommendations and plans to resume screening and randomization in approximately four to six weeks once the operational implementation of the amendment is completed. Inventiva expects that the screening and randomization pause may extend the last patient first visit timeline for NATiV3 trial to the first half of 2024.This SUSAR is the first reported in all clinical trials with lanifibranor. Prior to this voluntary pause  Inventiva was on track to complete screening by the end of the first quarter of 2024 with over 550 patients in screening and 913 patients randomized in the NATiV3 clinical trial  including 731 in the main cohort.The pause in screening and randomization in NATiV3 is not impacting the publication of the topline results of the Phase IIa  LEGEND  evaluating lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin and is expected for the first quarter of 2024.***Next key milestones expectedPublication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – targeted for the first quarter of 2024Last Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH – targeted for the first half of 2024Upcoming investor conference participationTD Cowen 44th Annual Health Care Conference – Boston  March 4-6  2024Upcoming scientific conference participation16 th Paris Hepatology Conference – Paris  March 18 -19  2024Paris Hepatology Conference – Paris  March 18 -19  2024 4th Annual Conference Liver Connect – Scottsdale  April 4-6  2024Next financial results publicationFinancial results for the full fiscal year 2023: Wednesday  March 27  2024 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting a candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 202 499 8937 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Julia CailleteauMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke an ICRCompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding preliminary unaudited financial results for Inventiva’s fiscal year ended December 31  2023  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s cash resources  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in patients with NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH  the impact of the SUSAR and the planned protocol amendment on clinical trials  including NATiV3 and LEGEND  and the results and timing thereof and regulatory matters with respect thereto  expectations with respect to patients in clinical trials  including the SUSAR patient  the potential for regulatory authorities to institute clinical holds and/or otherwise implement additional requirements and/or cause further delays in clinical trials  including in the NATiV3 and LEGEND trials  the potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions  approvals and commercialization  Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva and its partners  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential”  “possible”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance  or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including the completion of financial closing procedures  final audit adjustments and other developments that may arise that could cause the preliminary financial results for 2023 to differ from the financial results that will be reflected Inventiva’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023  that Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the duration of the pause in enrollment or the ultimate impact on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto  that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and its partners’ product candidate claims  Inventiva's expectations with respect to the impact of the SUSAR on its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require additional holds and/or additional amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the planned changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners' business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions  impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines and the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the related risk of a larger conflict  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts  and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023 as amended on August 31  2023  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 30  2023  and the Half-Year Report for the six months ended June 30  2023 on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on October 3  2023  for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statement.Inventiva has not completed the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023. The preliminary unaudited financial results as of and for the year ended December 31  2023 included in this press release are based on preliminary unaudited information and management’s current expectations and estimates  are inherently uncertain and are subject to adjustment and revision in connection with Inventiva’s financial closing procedures  Inventiva’s completion of the preparation of the financial statements for its fiscal year ended December 31  2023  any adjustments identified by Inventiva’s auditors in the course of their review and audit  as applicable  of such financial statements  and other developments arising between now and the time such financial results are finalized. Inventiva’s independent auditors have not audited  reviewed  examined  compiled  or performed any procedures with respect to these preliminary unaudited financial results nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on these preliminary unaudited financial results. These preliminary unaudited financial results are not a comprehensive statement of Inventiva’s financial results for these periods and should not be viewed as a substitute for full financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and are not necessarily indicative of Inventiva’s results for any future period. Actual results and other disclosures may differ materially from these preliminary unaudited financial results.1 Unaudited2 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31  2023  and are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.3 The long-term deposit has a two-year term accessible prior to the expiration of the term with a notice period of 31 days and is considered as liquid by the Company4 Inventiva-PR-EIB-Tranche-B-EN-01-10-2024.pdf (Inventivapharma.com)5 This estimate is based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated.6 Inventiva-PR-Financing-operation-EN-08-31-2023-1.pdf (inventivapharma.com).7 Inventiva-PR-PR-Japan-Licensing-Agreement-EN-09-20-2023-1.pdf (inventivapharma.com).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.15,0.35,0.5,True,English,"['preliminary 2023 fiscal year financial Information¹', 'clinical trial', 'Inventiva', 'update', 'NATiV3', 'treatment–related Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction', 'Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group Co.', 'pivotal NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial', 'Chinese national Medical Products Administration', 'LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial', 'Phase III NATiV3 trial', 'last patient first visit timeline', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'preliminary unaudited financial results', 'Frédéric Cren', 'several key clinical milestones', 'independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'two short-term milestone payments', 'additional screening eligibility criteria', 'Long Island City', 'Chief Executive Officer', '$10 million upfront payment', '€50 million EIB loan', ""4 to 6 weeks' time"", 'reserved capital increase', 'EIB loan agreement', 'exclusive licensing agreement', 'Investigational New Drug', 'clinical development activities', 'other metabolic diseases', 'Hepalys Pharma Inc.', 'Hepalys License Agreement', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'adverse event', 'clinical trials', 'scheduled visit', 'other diseases', 'exclusion criteria', 'first quarter', 'first half', 'first patient', 'operating activities', 'short-term deposits', 'New York', 'new partnership', 'long-term deposit', 'second tranche', 'third quarter', 'elevated aminotransferases', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'South Korea', 'study design', 'blood tests', 'increased use', 'lesser extent', 'type 2 diabetes', 'gross amount', 'royalty certificates', 'Sino Biopharm', 'full year', 'eventful year', 'new patients', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'voluntary pause', 'lanifibranor program', '913 patients', 'Revenues', 'December', 'Receipt', 'January', 'beginning', 'Inventiva', 'randomization', 'review', 'SUSAR', 'track', 'Daix', 'France', 'February', 'Nasdaq', 'NASH', 'update', 'Chairman', 'cofounder', 'Japan', 'implementation', 'early 2023', 'recommendations', 'teams', 'recruitment', 'decrease', 'acceleration', 'costs', 'empagliflozin', 'T2D', 'financing', 'issuance', 'August', 'October', 'accordance', 'total', 'subsidiary', 'CTTQ', 'NMPA', 'enrollment']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/02/15/medical-imaging-company-guerbet-launches-24mw-solar-farm-at-dublin-site/,Medical imaging company Guerbet launches 2.4MW solar farm at Dublin site,The Damastown site currently employs more than 130 people  as the company celebrates 30 years in operation in Ireland this year,French medical imaging company Guerbet has launched a new 2.4MW solar farm at its site in Damastown in Dublin  which it says will provide 18 per cent of its electricity each year.Guerbet develops and manufactures contrast media  to improve the visibility of internal organs  blood vessels  and tissues during medical imaging procedures.The Dublin site manufactures active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for one of Guerbet’s key injectable contrast media agents  and currently employs more than 130 workers.In 2022  Guerbet signed a contract with Waterford-based renewable energy company Enerpower powered by Greenvolt (Enerpower)  for the construction of the solar farm at its Damastown site.READ MOREThe solar farm was constructed and financed by Enerpower  and is built on 2.47 hectares of land adjacent to the Damastown site owned by Guerbet. It will provide 2 million kWh/a of electricity to Guerbet  the equivalent to the electricity consumption of 500 households.The project will deliver 18 per cent of the Dublin site’s electrical power on an annualised basis  with potential to power the entire plant without grid support during daylight hours in peak summer months.As part of a corporate power purchase agreement  Guerbet has guaranteed to purchase the solar PV electrical power produced by the solar farm for a period of 20 years. At the end of this agreement  ownership of the solar farm will revert from Enerpower to Guerbet.“It’s a very attractive proposition for a company like us  where we don’t have to invest up front in it  but we get the win over time ” said David Forde  site lead at Guerbet Dublin.Electric vehicle prices are tumbling  but is it all good news for the customer? Listen | 31:28The Damastown site is the first of Guerbet’s global network to develop a solar farm  and Mr Forde said the group is now assessing options as to how other sites might follow Dublin’s example.“Each geography is different in terms of the economics of it  and we happened to have a significant piece of land adjacent to the site which was available for it  but certainly this has shown a pathway that the organisation can try to replicate  or do some variation on ” he said.David Hale  chief executive of Guerbet Group  said that the group has committed to reducing its carbon emissions by 27.5 per cent for Scope 1 and 2 emissions  and 13.5 per cent for Scope 3 emissions by 2032.“Our partnership with Enerpower is a great example of a relationship that will help us achieve those objectives ” he said.The solar farm launch comes as Guerbet celebrates 30 years of operation in Ireland. The Dublin site first began production in 1994.Guerbet is listed on Euronext Paris and generated €785 million in revenue last year. The Group’s global footprint spans across five continents with 2 830 employees worldwide.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.64,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['Medical imaging company', '2.4MW solar farm', 'Dublin site', 'Guerbet', 'key injectable contrast media agents', 'Waterford-based renewable energy company', 'French medical imaging company', 'corporate power purchase agreement', 'new 2.4MW solar farm', 'solar PV electrical power', 'medical imaging procedures', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'peak summer months', 'Electric vehicle prices', 'solar farm launch', 'The Dublin site', 'The Damastown site', 'The Group', 'site lead', '18 per cent', 'internal organs', 'blood vessels', '2 million kWh', 'annualised basis', 'entire plant', 'grid support', 'daylight hours', 'attractive proposition', 'David Forde', 'good news', 'global network', 'Mr Forde', 'other sites', 'significant piece', 'David Hale', 'chief executive', '27.5 per cent', '13.5 per cent', 'Euronext Paris', 'global footprint', 'five continents', 'carbon emissions', 'great example', 'electricity consumption', 'Scope 3 emissions', 'Guerbet Dublin', 'Guerbet Group', '2 emissions', 'Scope 1', 'visibility', 'tissues', 'API', '130 workers', 'contract', 'Enerpower', 'Greenvolt', 'construction', 'READ', '2.47 hectares', 'land', 'equivalent', '500 households', 'project', 'potential', 'part', 'period', '20 years', 'end', 'ownership', 'win', 'time', 'customer', 'Listen', 'options', 'geography', 'terms', 'economics', 'pathway', 'organisation', 'variation', 'relationship', 'objectives', '30 years', 'operation', 'production', 'revenue', '2,830 employees']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,irishtimes.com
36300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Annual-results-2023-Organic-sales-growth-of-4-5-driven-by-record-turnover-in-the-Sports-segment-45965302/,Annual results 2023: Organic sales growth of +4.5% driven by record turnover in the Sports segment. Increase in adjusted EBITDA value and margin thanks to a very solid performance in Sports and significant recovery in North America,(marketscreener.com)  551.7654.8     Adjusted EBITDA 12 months  287.8234.9     Ratio /  1.9x2.8x 2/ Bridges in millions of euros 2023  H2 and Q4 2023 Net revenue by segment Adjusted EBITDA by nature Q4 2022789.5+/- EMEA-6.6+/- North America-8.1+/-CIS  APAC & …,Tarkett Annual results 2023:Organic sales growth of +4.5% driven by record turnover in the Sports segmentIncrease in adjusted EBITDA value and margin thanks to a very solid performance in Sports and significant recovery in North AmericaStrong improvement in free cash flow generation and reduction in debt leverageResults for 2023Revenue for 2023 is stable compared to 2022  i.e.  +0.1%  but organic growth reached +4.5% taking into account rising volumes in Sports and the positive effect of the selling price increases implemented in 2022.Revenue in Q4 2023 down -2.4% compared to 2022 due to unfavourable currency effects  but organic growth of +4.1% driven mainly by strong activity in the Sports segment.Adjusted EBITDA is up significantly: €288 million (8.6% of sales)  an increase of €+53 million (+1.6 margin points) compared to 2022.Record adjusted EBITDA in Sports and strong improvement in profitability of flooring in North America.EBIT: €125 million (€+81 million compared to 2022).Net profit (Group share) of €+20 million in 2023  compared to a loss of €-27 million in 2022Positive free cash flow of €+147 million thanks to good management of working capital requirements.Net financial debt at €552 million  down by €103 million compared to 2022  i.e.  a financial leverage of 1.9x adjusted EBITDA at the end of 2023 December.In 2023  Tarkett maintained its A- rating with CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project)  confirming its leadership in climate action among flooring and sports surfaces manufacturers.Paris  15 February 2024: The Supervisory Board of Tarkett (Euronext Paris: FR0004188670 TKTT)  met today and reviewed the Group’s consolidated results for the 2023 financial year.The Group uses alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)  described in detail in Appendix 1 on page 6 of this document:In millions of euros 2023 2022 Change in % Revenue 3 363.1 3 358.9 +0.1%Of which organic change +4.5% +8.9% Adjusted EBITDA 287.8 234.9 +22.5%% of revenue 8.6% 7.0% Adjusted EBIT 154.1 85.8 +79.6%% of revenue 4.6% 2.6% EBIT 125.1 44.4 +181.8%% of revenue 3.7% 1.3% Net profit attributable to shareholders of the company 20.4 -26.8 -Fully diluted earnings per share (€) +0.31 -0.41 Free cash flow -147.1 -148.3 - Net debt 551.7 654.8 -Leverage (Net debt/adjusted EBITDA over 12 months) 1.9x 2.8xFourth quarter revenue and adjusted EBITDA by segmentNet revenue of the Group amounted to €770.5 million  down -2.4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Organic growth stood at +4.1% excluding selling price increases in the CIS region. Over this period  volumes rose by +3.2%  supported by the dynamism of the Sports segment and the good performance of activity in CIS  offsetting a decline in activity in EMEA where demand remains low. The Commercial segments in North America grew  but this performance did not offset the weak activity in Residential and  to a lesser extent  Hospitality. Selling prices (+0.9%) were stable compared to the previous year.Revenue in millions of euros Q4 2023 Q4 2022 Change Of which organic growth EMEA 197.7 204.9 -3.5% -3.2% North America 202.7 221.5 -8.5% -3.6% CIS  APAC & Latin America 155.0 170.7 -9.2% +9.2% Sports 215.1 192.5 +11.8% +16.4% TOTAL 770.5 789.5 -2.4% +4.1%Group adjusted EBITDA rose sharply to €50.7 million  i.e.  6.6% of sales  compared to €25.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2022  i.e.  3.2% of sales.The positive impact of volumes and lower material costs were the main contributors to the improvement in adjusted EBITDA over the quarter  offsetting inflation in other purchasing costs and salaries.Adjusted EBITDAin millions of euros Q4 2023 Q4 2022 Margin2023 Margin2022 TOTAL 50.7 25.1 6.6% 3.2%1. Group results in 2023Net revenue of the Group amounted to €3 363 million  up slightly by +0.1% compared to 2022. Organic growth reached 4.5% and remains unchanged including selling price increases in the CIS region (selling price adjustments in the CIS countries are historically intended to offset currency movements and are therefore excluded from the organic growth calculation).The effect of selling price increases mainly implemented during the second half of 2022 is on average +3.9% over 2023 and contributed mainly to the first half of the financial year. Volumes were generally stable over the entire year with contrasting situations depending on activities and geographies. Sports experienced strong growth again (+20.2%)  volumes in CIS improved after the sharp fall in 2022 and North American Commercial activity held on track over the financial year in a market that remains complicated. On the other hand  Residential activities in North America and Europe fell sharply as a result of the drop in real estate transactions. The currency effect was unfavourable over the year (-4.5%)  mainly due to the depreciation of the rouble and the dollar.Revenue in millions of euros 2023 2022 Change Of which organic growth Organic change incl. CIS price changes (1) EMEA 850.2 912.3 -6.8% -5.5% -5.5% North America 889.2 923.7 -3.7% -1.3% -1.3% CIS  APAC & Latin America 598.5 652.8 -8.3% +5.9% +5.4% Sports 1 025.2 870.2 +17.8% +20.2% +20.2% Group Total 3 363.1 3 358.9 +0.1% +4.5% +4.4%Adjusted EBITDA amounted to €287.8 million  i.e.  8.6% of revenue  compared to €234.9 million in 2022  i.e.  7.0% of revenue.The combined effect of the decrease in volumes and the product mix on EBITDA is €-48 million. This unfavourable mix effect between the divisions reflects the lower variable cost margins in the Sports segment  particularly on installation and civil engineering services for turnkey projects.Raw material  energy and transport prices began to decline in the second half of the year in particular  with a net positive effect over the year of €+76 million compared to 2022. However  wage inflation remained very significant.The selling price increases deployed during the 2022 financial year led to a positive effect of +131 million euros in 2023. SG&A is rising (€-29 million) to support the growth of Sports and the launch of new collections in flooring.Currency effects  excluding CIS  had a negative €-11 million impact compared to 2022  mainly due to the depreciation of the dollar. The net effect of prices and currencies in the CIS countries (“lag effect”) amounts to €-25 million due to the significant devaluation of the rouble.Adjusted EBITDA margin increased over the year (8.6% of sales compared to 7.0% in 2022).Adjusted EBITDAin millions of euros 2023 2022 Margin2023 Margin2022 EMEA 74.5 76.6 8.8% 8.4% North America 77.6 44.0 8.7% 4.8% CIS  APAC & Latin America 86.7 84.8 14.5% 13.0% Sports 114.5 86.5 11.2% 9.9% Central -65.6 -57.0 - - TOTAL 287.8 234.9 8.6% 7.0%EBIT amounted to €125.1 million in 2023: a significant increase compared to 2022 (€44.4 million). EBIT adjustments (detailed in Appendix 1) amounted to €29.0 million in 2023 compared to €41.4 million in 2022. They mainly consist of restructuring costs linked to the implementation of savings plans and the discontinuing of underperforming activities.Financial result stood at €-69.2 million in 2023  compared to €-51.3 million in 2022.The increase in the cost of debt is due to the rise in financial interest net of hedging effects. This increase is mainly due to the rise in average gross debt over the first half of the year and higher financing costs.The tax burden amounted to €35.4 million in 2023  up on the previous year (€18.1 million) due to the increase in taxable income in North America (USA and Canada) with the good performance of Sports and flooring activities.The net profit (Group share) for the 2023 financial year is a profit of €20.4 million  i.e.  a diluted earnings per share of €0.31 up on 2022.Comments by segmentThe EMEA segment achieved a turnover of €850 million  down -6.8% compared to 2022  including an unfavourable exchange effect of -1.3% and negative organic growth of -5.5%. The economic context of high inflation and interest rates is hindering renovation and new construction projects throughout the area. Activity in the Residential segment was significantly lower than in 2022 and the decline in sales is marked by an unfavourable product mix  with vinyl rolls performing better than more expensive categories such as parquet. In a difficult market environment  activity in the Commercial segments is showing only a slight decline compared to 2022 due to steady volumes in the two main activities  vinyl products for the Healthcare and Education sectors and carpets for Workplace.The segment’s adjusted EBITDA amounts to €75 million  i.e. 8.8% of sales  compared to €77 million (8.4% of sales) in 2022. The drop in volumes was offset by a positive inflation balance driven by the positive effect of selling price increases implemented in 2022 over the first half of 2023 and the drop in material prices over the second half.The North American segment generated a turnover of €889 million  down -3.7% compared to 2022  with a negative exchange effect linked to the depreciation of the dollar against the euro (-2.4%) and a negative organic growth of -1.3%. Commercial segment (Workplace  Healthcare  Education) demand has been slow but the Group has delivered volume growth driven by Accessories and Carpet Tiles. Conversely  volumes in the Residential and Hospitality segments are down in a market where demand is still suffering from inflation and the level of interest rates.The segment’s adjusted EBITDA rose sharply to €78 million  i.e.  8.7% of sales  compared to €44 million (4.8% of sales) in 2022. The improvement is due to the favourable effects of volumes  the product mix  but also a positive inflation balance driven by on-board price increases in the previous year and the inflexion of material costs compared to last year. The segment also benefits from initiatives to turn around certain activities both in terms of sales and industrial efficiency.Revenue in the CIS  APAC and Latin America segment amounted to €599 million  down -8.3% with a very unfavourable exchange effect mainly resulting from the depreciation of the rouble (-27% compared to 2022). Activity was well positioned with organic growth of +5.9% (excluding selling price effects in CIS countries). It benefits from the improvement in volumes in Russia and Ukraine compared to 2022  which had been marked by a significant decline compared to 2021. These countries represent 8% and 0.7% respectively of the Group’s sales over the year. Vinyl rolls and LVT tiles for the Residential market were the drivers of the business  accompanied by reactive price management to secure volumes. In Asia  activity was down  mainly due to a marked drop in sales in China. In order to optimise its cost base  the Group closed the commercial carpet production site located in Suzhou (China). Latin America is stable compared to 2022 with a slight drop in volumes offset by price increases.Adjusted EBITDA for the CIS  APAC  Latin America segment is slightly improving: €87 million  i.e.  14.5% of sales  compared to €85 million (13.0% of sales) in 2022. The increase in margin comes from lower material purchase prices and improved plant productivity.Revenue in the Sports segment stood at a record level of €1 025 million  a very strong increase of +17.8% compared to 2022  including +20.2% organic growth. The market continues to be very dynamic  particularly for synthetic turf sports fields and athletics tracks in North America. The segment also benefited from price increases which more than offset inflation in raw material costs.As a result of this very sustained activity  the Sports segment posts a clear increase in adjusted EBITDA:€114.5 million  i.e.  11.2% of sales compared to €86.5 million (9.9% of sales) in 2022.2. Balance Sheet and Cash Flow 2023Working capital requirements stood at €118 million at the end of December 2023 compared to €233 million at the end of December 2022  an improvement of €115 million over the financial year. The Group has implemented significant actions to reduce the volume of inventories  which represent 80 days at the end of December 2023  compared to 86 days at the end of December 2022. These actions  in addition to the fall in the purchase price of raw materials  reduced the value of inventories by -€85 million to €453 million at the end of December 2023. Increased payment terms granted by major suppliers have also contributed to lower working capital requirements. Factoring programmes represented a net financing of €161 million at the end of December 2023  a slight decrease compared to the end of December 2022 (€166 million).Capital expenditure amounted to €92.9 million in 2023 compared to €96.7 million in 2022.The Group generated a positive free cash flow of €147.1 million for the year  a very strong increase compared to 2022 (-148.3 million euros) thanks to the improvement in EBITDA and the significant reduction in working capital requirements.Net financial debt amounted to €552 million at the end of December 2023  compared to €655 million at the end of December 2022  i.e.  a decrease of -103 million euros. The leverage stood at 1.9x the adjusted EBITDA at the end of December 2023  i.e.  a sharp decrease of -0.9x.At the end of the 2023 financial year  the Group had a good level of liquidity amounting to €656 million comprising the undrawn RCF in an amount of €350 million at the end of December 2023  other confirmed and unconfirmed credit lines in an amount of €82 million and €224 million in cash.3. DividendsAs the macroeconomic and market environment remain uncertain  and with a view to preserving cash flow in 2024 and consolidating the recovery initiated in 2023  the management board will not propose paying a dividend for the 2023 financial year.4. 2024 OutlookIn a complex and uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic environment  Tarkett does not expect market conditions to improve in the short term.Demand in EMEA is expected to remain low in the coming months given the persistence of high interest rates  the continued low number of real estate transactions and the difficulties in the construction sector. In this area  the Group will continue to adapt its production and cost structure to market conditions.In North America  the indicators for the Residential market remain dormant  but the Group’s limited exposure to this segment and its differentiating positioning on certain distribution channels should allow favourable development in this activity. The Commercial segments have been better oriented in recent months without any clear signs of recovery being identified  particularly given the weakness of office property. Nevertheless  the Group’s objective is to continue the momentum initiated in 2023 in order to gain market share and continue to strengthen its profitability.The Sports segment has experienced exceptional growth over the past two years  which is expected to continue in 2024 but at a less sustained pace. These prospects should enable the further improvement of the results in this segment.In this complex market environment  Tarkett is maintaining its operational and financial recovery roadmap launched in 2023. After the very strong cash generation in 2023  the Group continues to aim for positive cash generation and deleveraging through rigorous control of working capital requirements and costs  as well as control of investments allocated as a priority to innovative  growth and productivity projects.This press release may contain forward-looking statements. These statements do not constitute forecasts regarding results or any other performance indicator  but rather trends or targets. These statements are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the Company’s Registration Document available on its website (https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/category/urd/). They do not reflect the future performance of the Company  which may differ significantly. The Company does not undertake to provide updates to these statements.Auditing procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been performed. The statutory auditor's report is currently being issued  and consolidated financial statements for 2023 are available on Tarkett’s website https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/document/?_categories=financial-documentsFinancial calendar25 April 2024: Q1 2024 Revenue - Press release after close of trading26 April 2024: Annual General Meeting25 July 2024: Financial results for H1 2024 - Press release after close of trading24 October 2024: Q3 2024 Revenue - Press release after close of tradingInvestor Relations and Individual Shareholders Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia ContactsBrunswick – tarkett@brunswickgroup.com – Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Hugues Boëton – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 – Benoit Grange – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 14 45 09 26About TarkettWith a 140-year history  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and durable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating a turnover of 3.4 billion euros in 2023. The Group has around 12 000 employees and 23 R&D centres  8 recycling centres and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  shops and sports fields  serving customers in more than 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to the circular economy and sustainable development  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAppendices1/ Definition of alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)Organic growth measures the change in revenue compared with the same period in the previous year  excluding the exchange rate effect and changes in scope. The foreign exchange effect is obtained by applying the previous year’s exchange rate to sales for the current year and calculating the difference with sales for the current year. It also includes the effect of price adjustments in the CIS countries intended to offset the change in local currencies against the euro. In 2023  a €-3.1 million negative impact of selling price adjustments is excluded from organic growth and included in the foreign exchange effect.measures the change in revenue compared with the same period in the previous year  excluding the exchange rate effect and changes in scope. The foreign exchange effect is obtained by applying the previous year’s exchange rate to sales for the current year and calculating the difference with sales for the current year. It also includes the effect of price adjustments in the CIS countries intended to offset the change in local currencies against the euro. In 2023  a €-3.1 million negative impact of selling price adjustments is excluded from organic growth and included in the foreign exchange effect. The scope effect is composed of:current year sales by entities not included in the scope of consolidation in the same period of the previous year  until the anniversary of their consolidation  the reduction in sales due to discontinued operations that are not included in the current year's scope of consolidation but were included in sales for the same period of the previous year  until the anniversary of their disposal.is composed of:In millions of euros 2023 Turnover 2022 Turnover Change Of which volume Of which selling prices Of which CIS selling prices Of which exchange rate effect Of which scope effect Group Total Q1 698.5 684.7 +2.0%-7.8%+6.9%+0.4% +2.3% +0.2% Of which organic growth -0.9% Of which selling price increases +7.3% Group Total Q2 909.8 879.3 +3.5%+2.4%+5.2%-1.2% -2.9% +0.0% Of which organic growth +7.5% Of which selling price increases +4.0% Group Total H1 1 608.3 1 564.0 +2.8%-2.1%+5.9%-0.4% -0.7% +0.1% Of which organic growth +3.9% Of which selling price increases +5.5% Group Total Q3 984.3 1 005.4 -2.1%+2.8%+3.1%-0.2% -7.8% +0.0% Of which organic growth +6.0% Of which selling price increases +2.9% Group Total Q4 770.5 789.5 -2.4%+3.2%+0.9%+0.8% -7.6% +0.2% Of which organic growth +4.1% Of which selling price increases +1.7% Group Total H2 1 754.8 1 794.9 -2.2%+3.0%+2.1%+0.2% -7.7% +0.1% Of which organic growth +5.1% Of which selling price increases +2.4% Group Total 3 363.1 3 359.9 +0.1%+0.6%+3.9%+0.0% -4.4% +0.1% Of which organic growth +4.5% Of which selling price increases +3.9%Adjusted EBITDA is the operating result before depreciation and amortisation restated for the following income and expenses: restructuring costs with the aim of increasing the Group’s future profitability  gains and losses on significant asset disposals  provisions and reversals of provisions for impairment  costs related to business combinations and legal reorganizations  expenses related to share-based payments and other one-off expenses considered non-recurring by their nature.In millions of eurosAdjusted EBITDA 2023Adjusted EBITDA 2022Margin2023Margin2022Group Total – Q1 31.8 37.3 4.6% 5.5% Group Total – Q2 94.2 88.9 10.4% 10.1% Group Total – H1 126.1 126.2 +7.8% 8.1% Group Total – Q3 110.9 83.6 11.3% 8.3% Group Total – Q4 50.7 25.1 6.6% 3.2% Group Total – H2 161.7 108.7 9.2% 6.1% Group Total 287.8 234.9 8.6% 7.0%In millions of eurosof which adjustments 2023 Restructuring Gains/losses on asset disposals/impairment Business combinations Share-based payments Other 2023 adjusted EBIT 125.1 8.4 3.2 - 9.6 7.8 154.1 Impairment  amortisation and depreciation 133.2 - -1.2 - - - 132.0 Other 1.7 - - - - - 1.7 EBITDA 260.0 8.4 2.0 - 9.6 7.8 287.8In millions of eurosof which adjustments 2022 Restructuring Gains/losses on asset disposals/impairment Business combinations Share-based payments Other 2022 adjusted EBIT 44.4 18.7 7.3 0.5 6.3 8.6 85.8 Impairment  amortisation and depreciation 152.0 -2.2 0.3 - - - 150.1 Other -1.0 - - - - - -1.0 EBITDA 195.4 16.5 7.7 0.5 6.3 8.6 234.9Free cash flow is defined as cash generated from operations before change in working capital  plus or minus the following inflows and outflows: change in working capital  repayment of lease liabilities  net interest received (paid)  net tax collected (paid)  various operating items collected (disbursed)  acquisition of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and income (loss) from fixed asset disposals.Free cash flow (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 Cash flow from operations before change in working capital and repayment of lease liabilities 259.5 182.6 Repayment of lease liabilities -39.8 -35.1 Cash flow from operations before change in working capital; including repayment of lease liabilities 219.7 147.5 Change in working capital 117.9 -134.7 of which change in factoring programmes -4.9 4.2 Net interest paid -46.2 -31.2 Net tax paid -45.0 -24.0 Miscellaneous operating items paid -7.8 -11.8 Acquisition of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment -92.9 -96.7 Proceeds from disposal of property  plant and equipment 1.2 2.5 Free cash flow 147.1 -148.3Net financial debt is defined as the sum of interest bearing loans and borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents. Borrowings correspond to any obligation to repay funds received or raised that are subject to repayment terms and interest. They also include liabilities on leases.is defined as the sum of interest bearing loans and borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents. Borrowings correspond to any obligation to repay funds received or raised that are subject to repayment terms and interest. They also include liabilities on leases. Financial leverage is the ratio of net financial debt  including leases accounted for as per IFRS 16  to adjusted EBITDA over the last 12 months.In millions of euros 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Financial debts - long term 592.6 711.0 Financial debts and bank overdrafts - short term 40.0 45.2 Financial debts excluding IFRS 16 (A) 632.6 756.2 Lease liabilities - long term 111.8 91.7 Lease liabilities - short term 31.6 27.7 Lease liabilities - IFRS 16 (B) 143.4 119.4 Gross debt - long term 704.4 802.7 Gross debt - short term 71.6 72.9 Gross debt (C) = (A) + (B) 776.0 875.6 Cash and cash equivalents (D) 224.3 220.8 Net debt (E) = (C) - (D) 551.7 654.8 Adjusted EBITDA 12 months (F) 287.8 234.9 Ratio (E) / (F) 1.9x 2.8x2/ Bridges in millions of euros 2023  H2 and Q4 2023Net revenue by segmentAdjusted EBITDA by natureQ4 2022 789.5 +/- EMEA -6.6 +/- North America -8.1 +/-CIS  APAC & Latin America 15.7 +/- Sports 31.6 Q4 2023 Like-for-Like 822.1 +/- Currencies -23.2 +/- “Lag effect” in CIS (1) -30.1 +/- Scope -1.8 Q4 2023 770.5(1) Including selling price increasesQ4 2022 25.1 +/- Volume / Mix 5.9 +/- Selling prices 6.9 +/- Raw materials and Transport 37.0 +/- Salary increases -7.8 +/- Productivity 7.6 +/- SG&A -8.9 +/- Non-recurring and other -13.5 +/- “Lag effect” in CIS (1) -1.4 +/- Currencies -0.4 +/- Scope 0.2 Q4 2023 50.7(1) Including selling price increasesH2 2022 1 794.9 +/- EMEA -14.9 +/- North America -14.7 +/-CIS  APAC & Latin America 36.3 +/- Sports 85.7 H2 2023 Like-for-Like 1 887.3 +/- Currencies -60.3 +/- “Lag effect” in CIS(1) -74.1 +/- Scope 1.8 H2 2023 1 754.8(1) Including selling price increasesH2 2022 108.7 +/- Volume / Mix -2.7 +/- Selling prices 38.5 +/- Raw materials and Transport 68.5 +/- Salary increases -16.1 +/- Productivity 15.4 +/- SG&A -19.1 +/- Non-recurring and other -17.1 +/- “Lag effect” in CIS(1) -9.3 +/- Currencies -4.5 +/- Scope -0.8 H2 2023 161.72022 3 358.9 +/- EMEA -49.9 +/- North America -11.6 +/-CIS  APAC & Latin America 38.3 +/- Sports 175.9 FY 2023 Like-for-Like 3 511.6 +/- Currencies -63.5 +/- “Lag effect” in CIS(1) -88.5 +/- Scope 3.5 2023 3 363.1(1) Including selling price increases2022 234.9 +/- Volume / Mix -47.7 +/- Selling prices 131.4 +/- Raw Materials and Transport 76.2 +/- Salary increases -32.1 +/- Productivity 19.4 +/- SG&A -29.3 +/- Non-recurring and other -26.3 +/- “Lag effect” in CIS -24.9 +/- Currencies -11.3 +/- Scope -2.5 2023 287.8Attachment,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,mixed,0.67,0.15,0.18,True,English,"['Organic sales growth', 'Annual results', 'record turnover', 'EBITDA value', 'solid performance', 'significant recovery', 'North America', 'Sports segment', 'Increase', 'margin', 'free cash flow generation', 'Positive free cash flow', 'North American Commercial activity', 'working capital requirements', 'Carbon Disclosure Project', 'The Commercial segments', 'lower material costs', 'real estate transactions', 'other purchasing costs', 'unfavourable currency effects', 'selling price increases', 'alternative performance indicators', 'sports surfaces manufacturers', 'organic growth calculation', 'CIS price changes', 'Tarkett Annual results', 'adjusted EBITDA value', '1.9x adjusted EBITDA', 'debt leverage Results', 'Net financial debt', 'Record adjusted EBITDA', 'Organic sales growth', 'Fourth quarter revenue', 'Selling prices', 'positive impact', 'price adjustments', 'Net debt', 'record turnover', 'consolidated results', 'other hand', 'currency movements', 'positive effect', 'strong growth', 'financial leverage', 'Net profit', '2023 financial year', 'solid performance', 'significant recovery', 'strong activity', 'good management', 'A- rating', 'climate action', 'Supervisory Board', 'diluted earnings', 'good performance', 'weak activity', 'lesser extent', 'Latin America', 'main contributors', 'second half', 'first half', 'contrasting situations', 'sharp fall', 'The Group', 'Group results', 'previous year', 'entire year', 'CIS region', 'CIS countries', 'Strong improvement', 'organic change', 'Net revenue', '1.6 margin points', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sports segment', 'rising volumes', 'Q4 2022 Margin', 'Residential activities', 'Group share', 'euros Q4', '2023 Margin', 'reduction', 'account', 'profitability', 'flooring', 'loss', 'end', '2023 December', 'CDP', 'leadership', '15 February', 'TKTT', 'IFRS', 'detail', 'page', 'document', 'millions', 'shareholders', 'company', '12 months', 'period', 'dynamism', 'decline', 'EMEA', 'demand', 'Hospitality', 'APAC', 'TOTAL', 'inflation', 'salaries', 'geographies', 'track', 'market', 'Europe', 'drop', 'depreciation', 'rouble', 'dollar']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36301,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2829611/0/en/Stellantis-Delivers-Record-Net-Revenues-Net-Profit-Industrial-Free-Cash-Flows-for-Full-Year-2023.html,Stellantis Delivers Record Net Revenues  Net Profit  Industrial Free Cash Flows for Full Year 2023,Stellantis Delivers Record Net Revenues  Net Profit  Industrial Free Cash Flows for Full Year 2023  Net revenues of €189.5 billion  up 6% compared...,"Stellantis Delivers Record Net Revenues  Net Profit  Industrial Free Cash Flowsfor Full Year 2023Net revenues of €189.5 billion  up 6% compared to 2022  with consolidated shipment volumes increasing 7%Net profit grew 11% to €18.6 billion. Adjusted operating income (1) rose 1% to €24.3 billion  with AOI margin of 12.8%Industrial free cash flows (2) of €12.9 billion  an increase of 19% compared to 2022Strong balance sheet  with Industrial available liquidity at €61.1 billionLEV sales up 27% in 2023  with PHEVs at #1 in U.S. and #2 for LEVs in U.S. (3) ; 21% increase in global BEV sales in 2023Returned €6.6 billion in cash to shareholders in 2023 through dividends and share buybacks  an increase of 53% compared to €4.3 billion in 2022Dividend proposed of €1.55 per common share  increase of approximately 16% compared to prior year  pending shareholder approvalAnnouncing 2024 open market share buyback program of €3.0 billion“As we just passed the three-year mark since Stellantis' inception  I warmly thank our teams who are executing at the highest levels and contributing greatly to our growth story  even in the strongest of headwinds. Today’s record financial results are proof that we have become a new global leader in our industry and will remain rock solid as we look to a turbulent 2024. Thanks to our flexible technology and product roadmap  we are prepared to address the various scenarios that could arise and to continue delivering on our Dare Forward 2030 targets.”Carlos Tavares  CEO Citroën ë-C3(€ million)2023 2022 Change FY 2024 GUIDANCERevenue backdrop: SupportiveAOI Margin(1): Double digit minimum commitmentIndustrial Free Cash Flows(2): PositiveIFRSNet revenues 189 544 179 592 +6% Net profit 18 625 16 779 +11% Cash flows from operating activities 22 485 19 959 +13% NON-GAAPAdjusted operating income(1) 24 343 24 017 +1% Adjusted operating income margin(1) 12.8% 13.4% (60) bps Industrial free cash flows(2) 12 858 10 819 +19%____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________All reported data is unaudited. Reference should be made to the section “Safe Harbor Statement” included elsewhere within this document.AMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 - Stellantis N.V. today reported record full year 2023 results. Net revenues grew 6% y-o-y to €189.5 billion  Net profit rose 11% to €18.6 billion  and Industrial free cash flows increased 19% y-o-y to €12.9 billion. Global BEV sales are up 21% y-o-y and LEV sales up are 27% y-o-y  with PHEVs in the U.S. at #1(3) and #2 for LEVs in the U.S.(3) Results are in line with Dare Forward 2030 objectives and are supported by the following concrete actions:CARE: Stellantis remains on track to achieve its carbon net zero emission target by 2038(4). Stellantis reduced its scope 1 and 2 absolute emissions tCO 2 by 20% in 2023 vs Baseline 2021. A constant focus on the customer led to a reduction of vehicle defect rates three months after customer delivery by more than 40%  as compared to 2021. Embracing a circular consumption model  the Company opened its first Circular Economy Hub in Italy  creating a center of excellence aimed at industrializing the recovery and sustainable reuse of materials  and the business realized 18% year-over-year sales growth. The Company launched an employee share purchase plan – Shares to Win – in Italy and France and will extend it to other countries during 2024. As well  more than 600 collective agreements were signed covering approximately 90% of employee across the world. The Stellantis Student Awards celebrated more than 600 family members of employees for dedication to continuous learning and education  and the Stellantis Foundation partnered with CERN to inaugurate the Science Gateway in Geneva  its new outreach center for science education.TECH: To support overall market growth and the electrification push in North America  18 additional BEVs will be launched in 2024  reaching a total of 48 models by end of 2024. The all-new Citroën ë-C3 starts at €23 300 and is the most competitively priced B-segment EV produced in Europe and the Jeep ® Avenger  which was awarded European Car of the Year 2023  continues to earn top honors. Stellantis launched the first of four all-new BEV-centric platforms  STLA Medium  on the Peugeot E-3008 with best-in-class range of up to 700 kilometers (435 miles). The second platform  STLA Large  is launching in 2024 with 800 kilometers (500 miles) range and fitted to exceed customer expectations. STLA Large is a highly flexible  BEV-native platform that will serve as the foundation for upcoming global vehicles in the D and E segments  and able to take multiple propulsion systems  including hybrid and internal combustion. Stellantis secured raw materials sourcing through 2027  and signed an agreement with CATL for the supply of LFP battery cells and modules  further expanding its battery chemistries portfolio. Stellantis and Ample established a partnership in battery swapping technology to deliver fully charged EV batteries in less than five minutes. Stellantis joined Symbio and the other shareholders in inaugurating SymphonHy  the first gigafactory in France and Europe's largest integrated site producing hydrogen fuel cells. Stellantis is implementing a multifaceted semiconductor strategy to ensure supply security and drive innovation. SiliconAuto  the 50/50 joint venture with Foxconn  will tailor chips aimed at a new generation of automotive industry vehicle platforms starting in 2026. In 2023  Stellantis Ventures invested in six new startups  and Stellantis signed 49 commercial contracts with new startups.VALUE: Flexibility  execution  resilience and agility remain core tenants of the Stellantis mentality and with its several tech and new model announcements the Company is poised to profitably navigate customer demand  market fluctuations and political shifts. Stellantis delivered continued growth outside Enlarged Europe and North America with the ""third engine""(5) delivering a 13% increase in Net revenues. In China  Stellantis invested €1.4 billion in Leapmotor  a pure play NEV OEM  and now holds approximately 21% equity  giving Stellantis a leading role in supporting their promising growth in China as well as global expansion opportunities through the new Leapmotor International joint venture managed by Stellantis. With it  Stellantis is addressing a white space in its business model and can now benefit from Leapmotor’s competitiveness both in China and abroad. The Stellantis Pro One commercial vehicles achieved market share leadership in EU30 and South America and is the undisputed leader in EU30 BEV sales with 38.8% BEV market share. The business is targeting to achieve global leadership by 2027 with its completely updated and expanded line-up including internal combustion  battery electric  fuel cell hydrogen and range extended variants. The Data-as-a-Service arm  Mobilisights  created innovative solutions and secured strategic agreements through its custom data packages and data streaming offer.GUIDANCE AND OUTLOOK: Building on 2023 momentum  management notes a number of factors could create a supportive revenue backdrop in 2024  including reduced supply and logistical constraints  stabilizing and potentially reduced interest rates  and the benefits of the Company’s expected expansion of its product offering. The Company is reiterating a minimum commitment of double-digit adjusted operating income (AOI) margin in 2024  as well as positive industrial free cash flow  despite macroeconomic uncertainties.Pending shareholder approval  Stellantis proposes to pay a dividend of €1.55 per common share  an increase of approximately 16% compared to the prior year  and an expected calendar for NYSE  Euronext Milan and Euronext Paris to be as follows: (i) ex-date April 22  2024  (ii) record date April 23  2024  and (iii) payment date May 3  2024. Stellantis will also execute a 2024 open-market share buyback program of €3.0 billion  which includes €0.5 billion of shares repurchased to service share-based compensation and employee share purchase  in 2024.On February 15  2024 at 2:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EST  a live webcast and conference call will be held to present Stellantis' Full Year 2023 Results. The webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com . The presentation material is expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at approximately 7:30 a.m. CET / 1:30 a.m. EST on February 15  2024.UPCOMING EVENTS: Annual General Meeting - April 16  2024; Q1 Shipments & Revenues - April 30  2024; Investor Day 2024 - June 13  2024About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA/ Euronext Milan: STLAM/ Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com . Contacts: communications@stellantis.com or investor.relations@stellantis.comFULL YEAR 2023 SEGMENT PERFORMANCE*NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change Shipments (000s) 1 903 1 861 +42 Shipments (000s) 2 814 2 626 +188 Net revenues 86 500 85 475 +1 025 Net revenues 66 598 63 311 +3 287 AOI 13 298 13 987 (689) AOI 6 519 6 218 +301 AOI margin 15.4% 16.4% (100) bps AOI margin 9.8% 9.8% — bps Shipments up 2%  mainly due to higher volumes of Jeep Grand Cherokee  Dodge Hornet and Charger  and Ram ProMasterup 2%  mainly due to higher volumes of Jeep Grand Cherokee  Dodge Hornet and Charger  and Ram ProMaster Net revenues up 1%  primarily due to higher volumes and strong net pricing  largely offset by unfavorable FX translation and mix effectsup 1%  primarily due to higher volumes and strong net pricing  largely offset by unfavorable FX translation and mix effects Adjusted operating income down 5%  primarily due to unfavorable mix  FX and production disruptions and costs related to labor agreements  partially offset by higher net pricing and volumes Shipments up 7%  driven by Fiat Ducato  all-new Jeep Avenger  Opel Astra  Peugeot 2008 and Alfa Romeo Tonaleup 7%  driven by Fiat Ducato  all-new Jeep Avenger  Opel Astra  Peugeot 2008 and Alfa Romeo Tonale Net revenues up 5%  mainly due to increased volume  positive net pricing and favorable mix  partially offset by higher volume with buyback commitments and FX translation impactsup 5%  mainly due to increased volume  positive net pricing and favorable mix  partially offset by higher volume with buyback commitments and FX translation impacts Adjusted operating income up 5%  primarily due to higher net pricing  offset by increased logistic and purchasing costs  as well as higher warranty and R&D costsMIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 616 426 +190 Shipments (000s) 879 859 +20 Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 443 283 +160 Net revenues 16 058 15 620 +438 Net revenues 10 560 6 453 +4 107 AOI 2 369 2 048 +321 AOI 2 503 1 188 +1 315 AOI margin14.8%13.1%+170bpsAOI margin 23.7% 18.4% +530 bps Consolidated shipments up 57%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Doblo Cargo  Fiat Tipo  Citroën C4 X  Peugeot 408 and Fiat Ducatoup 57%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Doblo Cargo  Fiat Tipo  Citroën C4 X  Peugeot 408 and Fiat Ducato Net revenues up 64%  primarily due to volume growth  strong net pricing  including pricing actions to offset Turkish lira devaluation  and improved mix  partially offset by negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish liraup 64%  primarily due to volume growth  strong net pricing  including pricing actions to offset Turkish lira devaluation  and improved mix  partially offset by negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish lira Adjusted operating income up 111%  mainly due to higher net pricing  volume & mix  partially offset by negative FX transaction and translation effects primarily related to the Turkish lira Shipments up 2%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Fastback  Citroën C3  Fiat Cronos  Ram Rampage  and Peugeot 208up 2%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Fastback  Citroën C3  Fiat Cronos  Ram Rampage  and Peugeot 208 Net revenues up 3%  due to volume growth and positive net pricing  partially offset by negative FX translation impacts from Argentine Peso  as well as mixup 3%  due to volume growth and positive net pricing  partially offset by negative FX translation impacts from Argentine Peso  as well as mix Adjusted operating income up 16%  primarily due to increased vehicle net pricing and volume  more than offsetting negative mix and FX impacts. This excludes the impact of €302 million related to the devaluation of the Argentine Peso resulting from the new government's economic policiesCHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 154 205 (51) Shipments (000s) 26.6 25.9 +0.7 Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 102 127 (25) Net revenues 2 335 2 320 +15 Net revenues 3 528 4 505 (977) AOI 141 201 (60) AOI 502 641 (139) AOI margin6.0%8.7%(270)bpsAOI margin 14.2% 14.2% — bps Maintained AOI margin despite lower volumes and FX headwinds through disciplined pricing  favorable mix of higher Ram shipments in IAP  higher Jeep Grand Cherokee shipments in both China and IAP  and cost efficiencies in SG&A and R&D Top-line growth on improved volumes  led by Grecale and GranTurismo; lower AOI mainly due to increased amortization of R&D costs from recent launches  higher industrial costs and unfavorable country mix  partially offset by positive nameplate mix and favorable net pricing(*) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to page 13 and 14 for additional informationH2 2023 SEGMENT PERFORMANCE(€ million) H2 2023 H2 2022* Change IFRSNet revenues 91 176 91 593 —% Net profit 7 707 8 819 (13)% Cash flows from operating activities 9 092 10 116 (10)% NON-GAAPAdjusted operating income(1) 10 217 11 290 (10)% Adjusted operating income margin(1) 11.2% 12.3% (110) bps Industrial free cash flows(2) 4 203 5 500 (24)%NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change Shipments (000s) 880 902 (22) Shipments (000s) 1 336 1 264 +72 Net revenues 40 584 43 032 (2 448) Net revenues 31 737 31 992 (255) AOI 5 271 6 304 (1 033) AOI 2 794 2 988 (194) AOI margin 13.0% 14.6% (160) bps AOI margin 8.8% 9.3% (50) bpsMIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 315 227 +88 Shipments (000s)459456+3Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 235 145 +90 Net revenues 5 862 3 414 +2 448 Net revenues 8 495 8 387 +108 AOI 1 285 659 +626 AOI 1 294 1 046 +248 AOI margin 21.9% 19.3% +260 bps AOI margin 15.2% 12.5% +270 bpsCHINA AND INDIA & PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 64 105 (41) Shipments (000s) 11.3 15.7 (4.4) Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 44 65 (21) Net revenues 1 026 1 379 (353) Net revenues 1 542 2 353 (811) AOI 20 139 (119) AOI 208 372 (164) AOI margin1.9%10.1%(820)bpsAOI margin 13.5% 15.8% (230) bps(*) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for H2 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to page 13 and 14 for additional informationReconciliations - Full YearNet revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit to Adjusted operating income2023 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 86 498 66 444 10 560 16 148 3 526 2 335 4 033 189 544 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 154 — (90) 2 — (68) — Net revenues 86 500 66 598 10 560 16 058 3 528 2 335 3 965 189 544 Net profit/(loss) 18 625 Tax expense/(benefit) 3 793 Net financial expenses/(income) (42) Operating income/(loss)(A) 22 376 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(B) 650 475 — 14 1 1 20 1 161 Collective bargaining agreements costs(C) 428 — — — — — — 428 Argentina currency devaluation(D) — — — 302 — — — 302 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(E) — 47 — — 154 — — 201 Reorganization of financial services(F) — — — — — — 76 76 Takata recall campaign — (44) 30 — 4 — — (10) Patents litigation(G) (20) (40) — (1) — — — (61) Gains on disposal of equity investments and other assets(H) (65) (40) — — (57) — (39) (201) Other 40 99 1 (43) (18) — (8) 71 Total adjustments 1 033 497 31 272 84 1 49 1 967 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 13 298 6 519 2 503 2 369 502 141 (989) 24 343________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Primarily related to workforce reductions and includes €243 million relating to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America(C) Primarily related to past service costs arising from employee benefit plan amendments related to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America. Total cost of €671 million is comprised of €243 million in Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals and €428 million in Collective bargaining agreements costs(D) Impact of the December 2023 devaluation of the Argentine Peso from the new government's economic policies  comprised of €(197) million in Net revenues  €(147) million in Cost of revenues  and €42 million in Selling  general and other costs(E) Related to impairments  mainly impairment of research and development assets in China and India & Asia Pacific  and impairment of certain platform assets in Enlarged Europe(F) Net costs associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(G) Reversal of provisions related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(H) Mainly related to gains on disposals of investments and of fixed assets2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 85 474 63 226 6 453 15 640 4 500 2 322 1 977 179 592 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 1 85 — (20) 5 (2) (69) — Net revenues 85 475 63 311 6 453 15 620 4 505 2 320 1 908 179 592 Net profit/(loss) 16 779 Tax expense/(benefit) 2 729 Net financial expenses/(income) 768 Operating income/(loss)(A) 20 276 Adjustments: Restructuring costs and other costs  net of reversals(B) 56 1 020 — 36 — 2 30 1 144 Takata recall campaign(C) 382 545 22 2 — — — 951 CAFE penalty rate(D) 660 — — — — — — 660 Change in estimate of non-contractual warranties(E) — 294 14 3 3 — — 314 Impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV(F) — — — — 297 — — 297 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(G) 99 92 — 45 — — 1 237 Patents litigation(H) 93 40 — 1 — — — 134 Write down of FCA Bank investment(I) — — — — — — 133 133 Other(J) (24) (232) (1) 62 36 — 30 (129) Total adjustments 1 266 1 759 35 149 336 2 194 3 741 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 13 987 6 218 1 188 2 048 641 201 (266) 24 017________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Primarily related to workforce reductions  mainly in Enlarged Europe  North America and South America(C) Extension of Takata airbags recall campaign(D) Increase in provision related to Model Year 2019 - 2021 CAFE penalty rate adjustment(E) Further refinements in estimate for warranty costs incurred after the contractual warranty period(F) Relates to the full impairment of our equity method investment and includes write off of balances relating to loan receivables  trade receivables and capitalized developmentexpenditures(G) Primarily impairment expense in Enlarged Europe  mainly related to Russia  as well as North America and South America(H) Provision related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(I) Write down of FCA Bank investment associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(J) Mainly related to release of litigation provisions  changes in ownership of equity method investments  partially offset by net losses on disposalsDiluted EPS to Adjusted diluted EPS(7)Results from continuing operations (€ million  except as otherwise stated) 2023 2022 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 18 596 16 799 Weighted average number of shares outstanding (000) 3 107 725 3 140 089 Number of shares deployable for share-based compensation (000) 24 733 23 870 Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share (000) 3 132 458 3 163 959 Diluted earnings per share (A) (€/share) 5.94 5.31 Adjustments  per above 1 967 3 741 Tax impact on adjustments (452) (733) Unusual items related to income taxes — (851) Total adjustments  net of taxes 1 515 2 157 Impact of adjustments above  net of taxes  on Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (B) (€/share) 0.48 0.68 Adjusted Diluted earnings per share(7) (€/share) (A+B) 6.42 5.99Cash flows from operating activities to Industrial free cash flows(€ million) 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities 22 485 19 959 Less: Operating activities not attributable to industrial activities (753) 211 Less: Capital Expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in amounts payable on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 9 031 8 938 Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets and other changes in investing activities 2 152 500 Less: Net proceeds related to the reorganization of financial services in Europe(A) 1 532 — Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments 2 767 769 Add: Net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations — — Add: Defined benefit pension contributions  net of tax 798 278 Industrial free cash flows(2) 12 858 10 819________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(A) The net consideration of €1 634 million for the sale of 50 percent interest held in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. related to industrial activities is offset by payments of €102 million in relation to the transfer of leasing activities.Debt to Industrial net financial position(€ million) December 31  2023 June 30 2023 December 31  2022 Debt (29 463) (29 467) (27 153) Current financial receivables from jointly-controlled financial services companies 767 985 321 Derivative financial assets/(liabilities)  net and collateral deposits 20 14 52 Financial securities 6 089 3 940 3 527 Cash and cash equivalents 43 669 48 978 46 433 Industrial Net Financial Position Classified as Held for sale 109 — 54 Net financial position 21 191 24 450 23 234 Less: Net financial position of financial services (8 296) (5 347) (2 471) Industrial net financial position(8) 29 487 29 797 25 705Reconciliations - H2Net revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit to Adjusted operating incomeH2 2023 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 40 582 31 633 5 862 8 539 1 541 1 025 1 994 91 176 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 104 — (44) 1 1 (64) — Net revenues 40 584 31 737 5 862 8 495 1 542 1 026 1 930 91 176 Net profit/(loss) 7 707 Tax expense/(benefit) 1 101 Net financial expenses/(income) 27 Operating income/(loss)(A) 8 835 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(B) 336 223 — — 1 1 6 567 Collective bargaining agreements costs(C) 428 — — — — — — 428 Argentina currency devaluation(D) — — — 302 — — — 302 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(E) 2 47 — — 138 — — 187 Reorganization of financial services(F) — — — — — — (64) (64) Takata recall campaign — 40 4 1 — — — 45 Patents litigation(G) (20) (40) — (1) — — — (61) Gains on disposal of equity investments and other assets(H) (65) (40) — — (57) — (39) (201) Other 120 70 1 (45) (3) — 36 179 Total adjustments 801 300 5 257 79 1 (61) 1 382 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 5 271 2 794 1 285 1 294 208 20 (655) 10 217________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for H2 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Primarily related to workforce reductions and includes €243 million relating to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America(C) Primarily related to past service costs arising from employee benefit plan amendments related to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America. Total cost of €671 million is comprised of €243 million in Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals and €428 million in Collective bargaining agreements costs(D) Impact of the December 2023 devaluation of the Argentine Peso from the new government's economic policies  comprised of €(197) million in Net revenues  €(147) million in Cost of revenues  and €42 million in Selling  general and other costs(E) Related to impairments  mainly impairment of research and development assets in China and India & Asia Pacific  and impairment of certain platform assets in Enlarged Europe(F) Net costs associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(G) Reversal of provisions related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(H) Mainly related to gains on disposals of investments and of fixed assetsH2 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 43 032 31 951 3 414 8 407 2 350 1 379 1 060 91 593 Net revenues from transactions with other segments — 41 — (20) 3 — (24) — Net revenues 43 032 31 992 3 414 8 387 2 353 1 379 1 036 91 593 Net profit/(loss) 8 819 Tax expense/(benefit) 744 Net financial expenses/(income) 337 Operating income/(loss)(A) 9 900 Adjustments: Takata recall campaign(B) 382 7 — — — — — 389 Change in estimate of non-contractual warranties(C) — 294 14 3 3 — — 314 Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(D) (101) 401 — 3 — 2 1 306 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(E) 81 88 — — — — 1 170 Write down of FCA Bank investment(F) — — — — — — 133 133 Other(G) 38 (22) (1) 62 37 — (36) 78 Total adjustments 400 768 13 68 40 2 99 1 390 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 6 304 2 988 659 1 046 372 139 (218) 11 290________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for H2 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Change in estimate related to Takata airbags recall campaign  primarily related to North America(C) Further refinements in estimate for warranty costs incurred after the contractual warranty period(D) Primarily related to workforce reductions in Enlarged Europe and a reversal of expense recognized in H1 2022 related to North America(E) Primarily impairment expense in Enlarged Europe  mainly related to Russia  as well as North America(F) Write down of FCA Bank investment associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(G) Mainly related to cost for convergence initiatives and litigation  partially offset by gains on disposalsDiluted EPS to Adjusted diluted EPS(7)Results from continuing operations (€ million  except as otherwise stated) H1 2023 H2 2023 H1 2022 H2 2022 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 10 923 7 673 7 960 8 839 Weighted average number of shares outstanding (000) 3 137 744 3 078 195 3 136 036 3 144 076 Number of shares deployable for share-based compensation (000) 26 063 25 398 22 889 23 380 Equity warrants delivered to General Motors (000) — — 69 126 — Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share (000) 3 163 807 3 103 593 3 228 051 3 167 456 Diluted earnings per share (A) (€/share) 3.45 2.47 2.47 2.79 Adjustments  per above 585 1 382 2 351 1 390 Tax impact on adjustments (66) (386) (450) (283) Unusual items related to income taxes — — — (851) Total adjustments  net of taxes 519 996 1 901 256 Impact of adjustments above  net of taxes  on Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (B) (€/share) 0.16 0.32 0.59 0.08 Adjusted Diluted earnings per share(7) (€/share) (A+B) 3.61 2.79 3.06 2.87Cash flows from operating activities to Industrial free cash flows(€ million) H2 2023 H2 2022 Cash flows from operating activities 9 092 10 116 Less: Operating activities not attributable to industrial activities (542) 82 Less: Capital Expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in amounts payable on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 4 835 4 550 Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets and other changes in investing activities 426 249 Less: Net proceeds related to the reorganization of financial services in Europe(A) 68 — Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments 1 709 476 Add: Defined benefit pension contributions  net of tax 755 243 Industrial free cash flows(2) 4 203 5 500________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(A) Additional consideration of €68 million received as earn-out for the sale of 50 percent interest held in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. related to industrial activitiesNOTES(1) Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) adjustments comprising restructuring and other termination costs  impairments  asset write-offs  disposals of investments and unusual operating income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance  and also excludes Net financial expenses/(income) and Tax expense/(benefit). Effective from January 1  2023  our Adjusted operating income/(loss) includes Share of the profit/(loss) of equity method investees. The comparatives for the respective periods for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly.(€ million) FY 2022As reported Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment FY 2022As adjusted Operating income 20 012 264 — — 20 276 Adjusted operating income 23 323 264 297 133 24 017 Adjusted operating income margin 13.0% — — — 13.4%(€ million) H2 2022As reported Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment H2 2022As adjusted Operating income 9 692 208 — — 9 900 Adjusted operating income 10 949 208 — 133 11 290 Adjusted operating income margin 12.0% — — — 12.3%FY 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER STELLANTIS Adjusted operating income  as reported 13 989 6 293 1 078 2 048 654 201 (940) 23 323 Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees (2) (75) 110 — (310) — 541 264 Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV — — — — 297 — — 297 Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment — — — — — — 133 133 Adjusted operating income  as adjusted 13 987 6 218 1 188 2 048 641 201 (266) 24 017H2 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER STELLANTIS Adjusted operating income  as reported 6 306 3 026 606 1 046 365 139 (539) 10 949 Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees (2) (38) 53 — 7 — 188 208 Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV — — — — — — — — Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment — — — — — — 133 133 Adjusted operating income  as adjusted 6 304 2 988 659 1 046 372 139 (218) 11 290This change was implemented as management believes these results are becoming increasingly relevant due to the number of partnerships Stellantis has recently engaged in  and will continue to engage in in the future  around electrification and other areas critical to the future of mobility.Unusual operating income/(expense) are impacts from strategic decisions  as well as events considered rare or discrete and infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. Unusual operating income/(expense) includes  but may not be limited to: impacts from strategic decisions to rationalize Stellantis' core operations; facility-related costs stemming from Stellantis' plans to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand  and convergence and integration costs directly related to significant acquisitions or mergers.(2) Industrial free cash flows is our key cash flow metric and is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: (i) cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; (ii) cash flows from operating activities related to financial services  net of eliminations; (iii) investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities; (iv) contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments; and adjusted for: (i) net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations; (ii) proceeds from disposal of assets and (iii) contributions to defined benefit pension plans  net of tax. The timing of Industrial free cash flows may be affected by the timing of monetization of receivables  factoring and the payment of accounts payables  as well as changes in other components of working capital  which can vary from period to period due to  among other things  cash management initiatives and other factors  some of which may be outside of the Company’s control.(3 Per S&P Global 2023 vehicle registrations (most current data available); PC + light duty trucks.(4) With single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions.(5) Refers to the aggregation of the South America  Middle East & Africa and China and India & Asia Pacific segments for presentation purposes only.(6) Combined shipments include shipments by Company's consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated joint ventures  whereas Consolidated shipments only include shipments by Company's consolidated subsidiaries. Figures by segments may not add up due to rounding.(7) Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting Diluted earnings per share from operations for the post-tax impact per share of the same items excluded from Adjusted operating income as well as tax income/(expenses) considered rare or discrete events that are infrequent in nature. We believe this non-GAAP measure is useful because it also excludes items that we do not believe are indicative of the Company’s ongoing operating performance and provides investors with a more meaningful comparison of the Company’s ongoing quality of earnings. Adjusted diluted EPS should not be considered as a substitute for Basic earnings per share  Diluted earnings per share from operations or other methods of analyzing our quality of earnings as reported under IFRS.(8) Industrial net financial position is calculated as Debt plus derivative financial liabilities related to industrial activities less (i) cash and cash equivalents  (ii) financial securities that are considered liquid  (iii) current financial receivables from the Company or its jointly controlled financial services entities and (iv) derivative financial assets and collateral deposits. Therefore  debt  cash and cash equivalents and other financial assets/ liabilities pertaining to Stellantis’ financial services entities are excluded from the computation of the Industrial net financial position. Industrial net financial position includes the Industrial net financial position classified as held for sale.Rankings  market share and other industry information are derived from third-party industry sources (e.g. Agence Nationale des Titres Sécurisés (ANTS)  Associação Nacional dos Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores (ANFAVEA)  Ministry of Infrastructure and Sustainable Mobility (MIMS)  S&P Global  Ward’s Automotive) and internal information unless otherwise stated.For purposes of this document  and unless otherwise stated industry and market share information are for passenger cars (PC) plus light commercial vehicles (LCV)  except as noted below:Middle East & Africa exclude Iran  Sudan and Syria;South America excludes Cuba;India & Asia Pacific reflects aggregate for major markets where Stellantis competes (Japan (PC)  India (PC)  South Korea (PC + Pickups)  Australia  New Zealand and South East Asia);China represents PC only; andMaserati reflects aggregate for 17 major markets where Maserati competes and is derived from S&P Global data  Maserati competitive segment and internal information.Prior period figures have been updated to reflect current information provided by third-party industry sources.Circular Economy activities are included within the financial results of each respect segment.Commercial Vehicles include vans  light and heavy-duty trucks and passenger vehicles registered or converted for commercial use.EU30 = EU 27 (excluding Malta)  Iceland  Norway  Switzerland and UK.Low emission vehicles (LEV) = battery electric (BEV)  plug-in hybrid (PHEV) and fuel cell electric (FCEV) vehicles.All Stellantis reported BEV and LEV sales include Citroën Ami and Opel Rocks-e; in countries where these vehicles are classified as quadricycles  they are excluded from Stellantis reported combined sales  industry sales and market share figures.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis document  in particular references to “FY 2024 Guidance”  contains forward looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future financial performance and the Company’s expectations as to the achievement of certain targeted metrics  including revenues  industrial free cash flows  vehicle shipments  capital investments  research and development costs and other expenses at any future date or for any future period are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on the Company’s current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the Company’s ability to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; the Company’s ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; the Company’s ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; the Company’s ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; the Company’s ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in the Company’s vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; the Company’s ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans; the Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; the Company’s ability to access funding to execute its business plan; the Company’s ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with the Company’s relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; the Company’s ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning the Company and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect the Company’s financial results  is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment",neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.23,0.37,True,English,"['Industrial Free Cash Flows', 'Record Net Revenues', 'Net Profit', 'Stellantis Delivers', 'Full Year', 'carbon net zero emission target', '2024 open market share buyback program', 'Double digit minimum commitment', 'first Circular Economy Hub', 'Industrial Free Cash Flows', 'employee share purchase plan', 'new Citroën ë-C3', 'The Stellantis Student Awards', 'record full year 2023 results', 'Industrial available liquidity', 'record financial results', 'overall market growth', 'circular consumption model', 'new global leader', 'consolidated shipment volumes', 'Strong balance sheet', 'Dare Forward 2030 targets', 'Change FY 2024 GUIDANCE', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'Dare Forward 2030 objectives', 'following concrete actions', 'vehicle defect rates', 'upcoming global vehicles', 'multiple propulsion systems', 'LFP battery cells', 'battery chemistries portfolio', 'global BEV sales', 'F R S', 'new outreach center', 'Record Net Revenues', 'flexible, BEV-native platform', 'raw materials sourcing', 'U.S.(3) Results', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'year sales growth', 'operating income margin', 'share buybacks', 'common share', 'growth story', 'LEV sales', 'flexible technology', 'The Company', 'second platform', 'Net Profit', 'prior year', 'AOI margin', 'operating activities', 'shareholder approval', 'three-year mark', 'highest levels', 'product roadmap', 'various scenarios', 'Carlos Tavares', 'Revenue backdrop', 'A P', '2 absolute emissions', 'constant focus', 'sustainable reuse', 'other countries', '600 collective agreements', '600 family members', 'continuous learning', 'Science Gateway', 'electrification push', 'North America', '18 additional BEVs', 'B-segment EV', 'Jeep ® Avenger', 'European Car', 'top honors', 'STLA Medium', 'Peugeot E-3008', 'STLA Large', 'E segments', 'internal combustion', 'Stellantis Delivers', ""Stellantis' inception"", 'customer delivery', 'customer expectations', 'science education', 'class range', 'Stellantis Foundation', 'Adjusted', 'increase', 'PHEVs', 'LEVs', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'teams', 'headwinds', 'proof', 'industry', 'turbulent 2024', 'CEO', 'data', 'Reference', 'section', 'document', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'line', 'CARE', 'track', 'scope', 'reduction', 'Italy', 'excellence', 'recovery', 'business', 'Shares', 'France', 'world', 'employees', 'dedication', 'CERN', 'Geneva', 'total', '48 models', 'four', '700 kilometers', '35 miles', '500 miles', 'hybrid', 'CATL', 'supply', 'modules', 'Ample', 'partnership']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36302,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Delivers-Record-Net-Revenues-Net-Profit-Industrial-Free-Cash-Flows-for-Full-Year-2023-45955986/,Stellantis Delivers Record Net Revenues  Net Profit  Industrial Free Cash Flows for Full Year 2023 -February 15  2024 at 01:33 am EST,(marketscreener.com)     Stellantis Delivers Record Net Revenues  Net Profit  Industrial Free Cash Flows for Full Year 2023 Net revenues of €189.5 billion  up 6% compared to 2022  with consolidated shipment volumes increasing 7%Net profit grew 11% to €18.6 bi…,"Stellantis Delivers Record Net Revenues  Net Profit  Industrial Free Cash Flowsfor Full Year 2023Net revenues of €189.5 billion  up 6% compared to 2022  with consolidated shipment volumes increasing 7%Net profit grew 11% to €18.6 billion. Adjusted operating income (1) rose 1% to €24.3 billion  with AOI margin of 12.8%Industrial free cash flows (2) of €12.9 billion  an increase of 19% compared to 2022Strong balance sheet  with Industrial available liquidity at €61.1 billionLEV sales up 27% in 2023  with PHEVs at #1 in U.S. and #2 for LEVs in U.S. (3) ; 21% increase in global BEV sales in 2023Returned €6.6 billion in cash to shareholders in 2023 through dividends and share buybacks  an increase of 53% compared to €4.3 billion in 2022Dividend proposed of €1.55 per common share  increase of approximately 16% compared to prior year  pending shareholder approvalAnnouncing 2024 open market share buyback program of €3.0 billion“As we just passed the three-year mark since Stellantis' inception  I warmly thank our teams who are executing at the highest levels and contributing greatly to our growth story  even in the strongest of headwinds. Today’s record financial results are proof that we have become a new global leader in our industry and will remain rock solid as we look to a turbulent 2024. Thanks to our flexible technology and product roadmap  we are prepared to address the various scenarios that could arise and to continue delivering on our Dare Forward 2030 targets.”Carlos Tavares  CEO Citroën ë-C3(€ million)2023 2022 Change FY 2024 GUIDANCERevenue backdrop: SupportiveAOI Margin(1): Double digit minimum commitmentIndustrial Free Cash Flows(2): PositiveIFRSNet revenues 189 544 179 592 +6% Net profit 18 625 16 779 +11% Cash flows from operating activities 22 485 19 959 +13% NON-GAAPAdjusted operating income(1) 24 343 24 017 +1% Adjusted operating income margin(1) 12.8% 13.4% (60) bps Industrial free cash flows(2) 12 858 10 819 +19%____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________All reported data is unaudited. Reference should be made to the section “Safe Harbor Statement” included elsewhere within this document.AMSTERDAM  February 15  2024 - Stellantis N.V. today reported record full year 2023 results. Net revenues grew 6% y-o-y to €189.5 billion  Net profit rose 11% to €18.6 billion  and Industrial free cash flows increased 19% y-o-y to €12.9 billion. Global BEV sales are up 21% y-o-y and LEV sales up are 27% y-o-y  with PHEVs in the U.S. at #1(3) and #2 for LEVs in the U.S.(3) Results are in line with Dare Forward 2030 objectives and are supported by the following concrete actions:CARE: Stellantis remains on track to achieve its carbon net zero emission target by 2038(4). Stellantis reduced its scope 1 and 2 absolute emissions tCO 2 by 20% in 2023 vs Baseline 2021. A constant focus on the customer led to a reduction of vehicle defect rates three months after customer delivery by more than 40%  as compared to 2021. Embracing a circular consumption model  the Company opened its first Circular Economy Hub in Italy  creating a center of excellence aimed at industrializing the recovery and sustainable reuse of materials  and the business realized 18% year-over-year sales growth. The Company launched an employee share purchase plan – Shares to Win – in Italy and France and will extend it to other countries during 2024. As well  more than 600 collective agreements were signed covering approximately 90% of employee across the world. The Stellantis Student Awards celebrated more than 600 family members of employees for dedication to continuous learning and education  and the Stellantis Foundation partnered with CERN to inaugurate the Science Gateway in Geneva  its new outreach center for science education.TECH: To support overall market growth and the electrification push in North America  18 additional BEVs will be launched in 2024  reaching a total of 48 models by end of 2024. The all-new Citroën ë-C3 starts at €23 300 and is the most competitively priced B-segment EV produced in Europe and the Jeep ® Avenger  which was awarded European Car of the Year 2023  continues to earn top honors. Stellantis launched the first of four all-new BEV-centric platforms  STLA Medium  on the Peugeot E-3008 with best-in-class range of up to 700 kilometers (435 miles). The second platform  STLA Large  is launching in 2024 with 800 kilometers (500 miles) range and fitted to exceed customer expectations. STLA Large is a highly flexible  BEV-native platform that will serve as the foundation for upcoming global vehicles in the D and E segments  and able to take multiple propulsion systems  including hybrid and internal combustion. Stellantis secured raw materials sourcing through 2027  and signed an agreement with CATL for the supply of LFP battery cells and modules  further expanding its battery chemistries portfolio. Stellantis and Ample established a partnership in battery swapping technology to deliver fully charged EV batteries in less than five minutes. Stellantis joined Symbio and the other shareholders in inaugurating SymphonHy  the first gigafactory in France and Europe's largest integrated site producing hydrogen fuel cells. Stellantis is implementing a multifaceted semiconductor strategy to ensure supply security and drive innovation. SiliconAuto  the 50/50 joint venture with Foxconn  will tailor chips aimed at a new generation of automotive industry vehicle platforms starting in 2026. In 2023  Stellantis Ventures invested in six new startups  and Stellantis signed 49 commercial contracts with new startups.VALUE: Flexibility  execution  resilience and agility remain core tenants of the Stellantis mentality and with its several tech and new model announcements the Company is poised to profitably navigate customer demand  market fluctuations and political shifts. Stellantis delivered continued growth outside Enlarged Europe and North America with the ""third engine""(5) delivering a 13% increase in Net revenues. In China  Stellantis invested €1.4 billion in Leapmotor  a pure play NEV OEM  and now holds approximately 21% equity  giving Stellantis a leading role in supporting their promising growth in China as well as global expansion opportunities through the new Leapmotor International joint venture managed by Stellantis. With it  Stellantis is addressing a white space in its business model and can now benefit from Leapmotor’s competitiveness both in China and abroad. The Stellantis Pro One commercial vehicles achieved market share leadership in EU30 and South America and is the undisputed leader in EU30 BEV sales with 38.8% BEV market share. The business is targeting to achieve global leadership by 2027 with its completely updated and expanded line-up including internal combustion  battery electric  fuel cell hydrogen and range extended variants. The Data-as-a-Service arm  Mobilisights  created innovative solutions and secured strategic agreements through its custom data packages and data streaming offer.GUIDANCE AND OUTLOOK: Building on 2023 momentum  management notes a number of factors could create a supportive revenue backdrop in 2024  including reduced supply and logistical constraints  stabilizing and potentially reduced interest rates  and the benefits of the Company’s expected expansion of its product offering. The Company is reiterating a minimum commitment of double-digit adjusted operating income (AOI) margin in 2024  as well as positive industrial free cash flow  despite macroeconomic uncertainties.Pending shareholder approval  Stellantis proposes to pay a dividend of €1.55 per common share  an increase of approximately 16% compared to the prior year  and an expected calendar for NYSE  Euronext Milan and Euronext Paris to be as follows: (i) ex-date April 22  2024  (ii) record date April 23  2024  and (iii) payment date May 3  2024. Stellantis will also execute a 2024 open-market share buyback program of €3.0 billion  which includes €0.5 billion of shares repurchased to service share-based compensation and employee share purchase  in 2024.On February 15  2024 at 2:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EST  a live webcast and conference call will be held to present Stellantis' Full Year 2023 Results. The webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com . The presentation material is expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at approximately 7:30 a.m. CET / 1:30 a.m. EST on February 15  2024.UPCOMING EVENTS: Annual General Meeting - April 16  2024; Q1 Shipments & Revenues - April 30  2024; Investor Day 2024 - June 13  2024About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA/ Euronext Milan: STLAM/ Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com . Contacts: communications@stellantis.com or investor.relations@stellantis.comFULL YEAR 2023 SEGMENT PERFORMANCE*NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change Shipments (000s) 1 903 1 861 +42 Shipments (000s) 2 814 2 626 +188 Net revenues 86 500 85 475 +1 025 Net revenues 66 598 63 311 +3 287 AOI 13 298 13 987 (689) AOI 6 519 6 218 +301 AOI margin 15.4% 16.4% (100) bps AOI margin 9.8% 9.8% — bps Shipments up 2%  mainly due to higher volumes of Jeep Grand Cherokee  Dodge Hornet and Charger  and Ram ProMasterup 2%  mainly due to higher volumes of Jeep Grand Cherokee  Dodge Hornet and Charger  and Ram ProMaster Net revenues up 1%  primarily due to higher volumes and strong net pricing  largely offset by unfavorable FX translation and mix effectsup 1%  primarily due to higher volumes and strong net pricing  largely offset by unfavorable FX translation and mix effects Adjusted operating income down 5%  primarily due to unfavorable mix  FX and production disruptions and costs related to labor agreements  partially offset by higher net pricing and volumes Shipments up 7%  driven by Fiat Ducato  all-new Jeep Avenger  Opel Astra  Peugeot 2008 and Alfa Romeo Tonaleup 7%  driven by Fiat Ducato  all-new Jeep Avenger  Opel Astra  Peugeot 2008 and Alfa Romeo Tonale Net revenues up 5%  mainly due to increased volume  positive net pricing and favorable mix  partially offset by higher volume with buyback commitments and FX translation impactsup 5%  mainly due to increased volume  positive net pricing and favorable mix  partially offset by higher volume with buyback commitments and FX translation impacts Adjusted operating income up 5%  primarily due to higher net pricing  offset by increased logistic and purchasing costs  as well as higher warranty and R&D costsMIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 616 426 +190 Shipments (000s) 879 859 +20 Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 443 283 +160 Net revenues 16 058 15 620 +438 Net revenues 10 560 6 453 +4 107 AOI 2 369 2 048 +321 AOI 2 503 1 188 +1 315 AOI margin14.8%13.1%+170bpsAOI margin 23.7% 18.4% +530 bps Consolidated shipments up 57%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Doblo Cargo  Fiat Tipo  Citroën C4 X  Peugeot 408 and Fiat Ducatoup 57%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Doblo Cargo  Fiat Tipo  Citroën C4 X  Peugeot 408 and Fiat Ducato Net revenues up 64%  primarily due to volume growth  strong net pricing  including pricing actions to offset Turkish lira devaluation  and improved mix  partially offset by negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish liraup 64%  primarily due to volume growth  strong net pricing  including pricing actions to offset Turkish lira devaluation  and improved mix  partially offset by negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish lira Adjusted operating income up 111%  mainly due to higher net pricing  volume & mix  partially offset by negative FX transaction and translation effects primarily related to the Turkish lira Shipments up 2%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Fastback  Citroën C3  Fiat Cronos  Ram Rampage  and Peugeot 208up 2%  led by higher volumes of Fiat Fastback  Citroën C3  Fiat Cronos  Ram Rampage  and Peugeot 208 Net revenues up 3%  due to volume growth and positive net pricing  partially offset by negative FX translation impacts from Argentine Peso  as well as mixup 3%  due to volume growth and positive net pricing  partially offset by negative FX translation impacts from Argentine Peso  as well as mix Adjusted operating income up 16%  primarily due to increased vehicle net pricing and volume  more than offsetting negative mix and FX impacts. This excludes the impact of €302 million related to the devaluation of the Argentine Peso resulting from the new government's economic policiesCHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2023 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 154 205 (51) Shipments (000s) 26.6 25.9 +0.7 Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 102 127 (25) Net revenues 2 335 2 320 +15 Net revenues 3 528 4 505 (977) AOI 141 201 (60) AOI 502 641 (139) AOI margin6.0%8.7%(270)bpsAOI margin 14.2% 14.2% — bps Maintained AOI margin despite lower volumes and FX headwinds through disciplined pricing  favorable mix of higher Ram shipments in IAP  higher Jeep Grand Cherokee shipments in both China and IAP  and cost efficiencies in SG&A and R&D Top-line growth on improved volumes  led by Grecale and GranTurismo; lower AOI mainly due to increased amortization of R&D costs from recent launches  higher industrial costs and unfavorable country mix  partially offset by positive nameplate mix and favorable net pricing(*) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to page 13 and 14 for additional informationH2 2023 SEGMENT PERFORMANCE(€ million) H2 2023 H2 2022* Change IFRSNet revenues 91 176 91 593 —% Net profit 7 707 8 819 (13)% Cash flows from operating activities 9 092 10 116 (10)% NON-GAAPAdjusted operating income(1) 10 217 11 290 (10)% Adjusted operating income margin(1) 11.2% 12.3% (110) bps Industrial free cash flows(2) 4 203 5 500 (24)%NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change Shipments (000s) 880 902 (22) Shipments (000s) 1 336 1 264 +72 Net revenues 40 584 43 032 (2 448) Net revenues 31 737 31 992 (255) AOI 5 271 6 304 (1 033) AOI 2 794 2 988 (194) AOI margin 13.0% 14.6% (160) bps AOI margin 8.8% 9.3% (50) bpsMIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 315 227 +88 Shipments (000s)459456+3Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 235 145 +90 Net revenues 5 862 3 414 +2 448 Net revenues 8 495 8 387 +108 AOI 1 285 659 +626 AOI 1 294 1 046 +248 AOI margin 21.9% 19.3% +260 bps AOI margin 15.2% 12.5% +270 bpsCHINA AND INDIA & PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2023 H2 2022 Change Combined shipments(6) (000s) 64 105 (41) Shipments (000s) 11.3 15.7 (4.4) Consolidated shipments(6) (000s) 44 65 (21) Net revenues 1 026 1 379 (353) Net revenues 1 542 2 353 (811) AOI 20 139 (119) AOI 208 372 (164) AOI margin1.9%10.1%(820)bpsAOI margin 13.5% 15.8% (230) bps(*) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for H2 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to page 13 and 14 for additional informationReconciliations - Full YearNet revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit to Adjusted operating income2023 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 86 498 66 444 10 560 16 148 3 526 2 335 4 033 189 544 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 154 — (90) 2 — (68) — Net revenues 86 500 66 598 10 560 16 058 3 528 2 335 3 965 189 544 Net profit/(loss) 18 625 Tax expense/(benefit) 3 793 Net financial expenses/(income) (42) Operating income/(loss)(A) 22 376 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(B) 650 475 — 14 1 1 20 1 161 Collective bargaining agreements costs(C) 428 — — — — — — 428 Argentina currency devaluation(D) — — — 302 — — — 302 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(E) — 47 — — 154 — — 201 Reorganization of financial services(F) — — — — — — 76 76 Takata recall campaign — (44) 30 — 4 — — (10) Patents litigation(G) (20) (40) — (1) — — — (61) Gains on disposal of equity investments and other assets(H) (65) (40) — — (57) — (39) (201) Other 40 99 1 (43) (18) — (8) 71 Total adjustments 1 033 497 31 272 84 1 49 1 967 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 13 298 6 519 2 503 2 369 502 141 (989) 24 343________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Primarily related to workforce reductions and includes €243 million relating to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America(C) Primarily related to past service costs arising from employee benefit plan amendments related to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America. Total cost of €671 million is comprised of €243 million in Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals and €428 million in Collective bargaining agreements costs(D) Impact of the December 2023 devaluation of the Argentine Peso from the new government's economic policies  comprised of €(197) million in Net revenues  €(147) million in Cost of revenues  and €42 million in Selling  general and other costs(E) Related to impairments  mainly impairment of research and development assets in China and India & Asia Pacific  and impairment of certain platform assets in Enlarged Europe(F) Net costs associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(G) Reversal of provisions related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(H) Mainly related to gains on disposals of investments and of fixed assets2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 85 474 63 226 6 453 15 640 4 500 2 322 1 977 179 592 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 1 85 — (20) 5 (2) (69) — Net revenues 85 475 63 311 6 453 15 620 4 505 2 320 1 908 179 592 Net profit/(loss) 16 779 Tax expense/(benefit) 2 729 Net financial expenses/(income) 768 Operating income/(loss)(A) 20 276 Adjustments: Restructuring costs and other costs  net of reversals(B) 56 1 020 — 36 — 2 30 1 144 Takata recall campaign(C) 382 545 22 2 — — — 951 CAFE penalty rate(D) 660 — — — — — — 660 Change in estimate of non-contractual warranties(E) — 294 14 3 3 — — 314 Impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV(F) — — — — 297 — — 297 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(G) 99 92 — 45 — — 1 237 Patents litigation(H) 93 40 — 1 — — — 134 Write down of FCA Bank investment(I) — — — — — — 133 133 Other(J) (24) (232) (1) 62 36 — 30 (129) Total adjustments 1 266 1 759 35 149 336 2 194 3 741 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 13 987 6 218 1 188 2 048 641 201 (266) 24 017________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Primarily related to workforce reductions  mainly in Enlarged Europe  North America and South America(C) Extension of Takata airbags recall campaign(D) Increase in provision related to Model Year 2019 - 2021 CAFE penalty rate adjustment(E) Further refinements in estimate for warranty costs incurred after the contractual warranty period(F) Relates to the full impairment of our equity method investment and includes write off of balances relating to loan receivables  trade receivables and capitalized developmentexpenditures(G) Primarily impairment expense in Enlarged Europe  mainly related to Russia  as well as North America and South America(H) Provision related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(I) Write down of FCA Bank investment associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(J) Mainly related to release of litigation provisions  changes in ownership of equity method investments  partially offset by net losses on disposalsDiluted EPS to Adjusted diluted EPS(7)Results from continuing operations (€ million  except as otherwise stated) 2023 2022 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 18 596 16 799 Weighted average number of shares outstanding (000) 3 107 725 3 140 089 Number of shares deployable for share-based compensation (000) 24 733 23 870 Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share (000) 3 132 458 3 163 959 Diluted earnings per share (A) (€/share) 5.94 5.31 Adjustments  per above 1 967 3 741 Tax impact on adjustments (452) (733) Unusual items related to income taxes — (851) Total adjustments  net of taxes 1 515 2 157 Impact of adjustments above  net of taxes  on Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (B) (€/share) 0.48 0.68 Adjusted Diluted earnings per share(7) (€/share) (A+B) 6.42 5.99Cash flows from operating activities to Industrial free cash flows(€ million) 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities 22 485 19 959 Less: Operating activities not attributable to industrial activities (753) 211 Less: Capital Expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in amounts payable on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 9 031 8 938 Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets and other changes in investing activities 2 152 500 Less: Net proceeds related to the reorganization of financial services in Europe(A) 1 532 — Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments 2 767 769 Add: Net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations — — Add: Defined benefit pension contributions  net of tax 798 278 Industrial free cash flows(2) 12 858 10 819________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(A) The net consideration of €1 634 million for the sale of 50 percent interest held in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. related to industrial activities is offset by payments of €102 million in relation to the transfer of leasing activities.Debt to Industrial net financial position(€ million) December 31  2023 June 30 2023 December 31  2022 Debt (29 463) (29 467) (27 153) Current financial receivables from jointly-controlled financial services companies 767 985 321 Derivative financial assets/(liabilities)  net and collateral deposits 20 14 52 Financial securities 6 089 3 940 3 527 Cash and cash equivalents 43 669 48 978 46 433 Industrial Net Financial Position Classified as Held for sale 109 — 54 Net financial position 21 191 24 450 23 234 Less: Net financial position of financial services (8 296) (5 347) (2 471) Industrial net financial position(8) 29 487 29 797 25 705Reconciliations - H2Net revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit to Adjusted operating incomeH2 2023 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 40 582 31 633 5 862 8 539 1 541 1 025 1 994 91 176 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 104 — (44) 1 1 (64) — Net revenues 40 584 31 737 5 862 8 495 1 542 1 026 1 930 91 176 Net profit/(loss) 7 707 Tax expense/(benefit) 1 101 Net financial expenses/(income) 27 Operating income/(loss)(A) 8 835 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(B) 336 223 — — 1 1 6 567 Collective bargaining agreements costs(C) 428 — — — — — — 428 Argentina currency devaluation(D) — — — 302 — — — 302 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(E) 2 47 — — 138 — — 187 Reorganization of financial services(F) — — — — — — (64) (64) Takata recall campaign — 40 4 1 — — — 45 Patents litigation(G) (20) (40) — (1) — — — (61) Gains on disposal of equity investments and other assets(H) (65) (40) — — (57) — (39) (201) Other 120 70 1 (45) (3) — 36 179 Total adjustments 801 300 5 257 79 1 (61) 1 382 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 5 271 2 794 1 285 1 294 208 20 (655) 10 217________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for H2 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Primarily related to workforce reductions and includes €243 million relating to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America(C) Primarily related to past service costs arising from employee benefit plan amendments related to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America. Total cost of €671 million is comprised of €243 million in Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals and €428 million in Collective bargaining agreements costs(D) Impact of the December 2023 devaluation of the Argentine Peso from the new government's economic policies  comprised of €(197) million in Net revenues  €(147) million in Cost of revenues  and €42 million in Selling  general and other costs(E) Related to impairments  mainly impairment of research and development assets in China and India & Asia Pacific  and impairment of certain platform assets in Enlarged Europe(F) Net costs associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(G) Reversal of provisions related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(H) Mainly related to gains on disposals of investments and of fixed assetsH2 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 43 032 31 951 3 414 8 407 2 350 1 379 1 060 91 593 Net revenues from transactions with other segments — 41 — (20) 3 — (24) — Net revenues 43 032 31 992 3 414 8 387 2 353 1 379 1 036 91 593 Net profit/(loss) 8 819 Tax expense/(benefit) 744 Net financial expenses/(income) 337 Operating income/(loss)(A) 9 900 Adjustments: Takata recall campaign(B) 382 7 — — — — — 389 Change in estimate of non-contractual warranties(C) — 294 14 3 3 — — 314 Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(D) (101) 401 — 3 — 2 1 306 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(E) 81 88 — — — — 1 170 Write down of FCA Bank investment(F) — — — — — — 133 133 Other(G) 38 (22) (1) 62 37 — (36) 78 Total adjustments 400 768 13 68 40 2 99 1 390 Adjusted operating income(A)(1) 6 304 2 988 659 1 046 372 139 (218) 11 290________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Share of the profit of equity method investees is included in our Operating income and Adjusted operating income effective January 1  2023. Comparatives for H2 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Refer to Note 1 for additional information(B) Change in estimate related to Takata airbags recall campaign  primarily related to North America(C) Further refinements in estimate for warranty costs incurred after the contractual warranty period(D) Primarily related to workforce reductions in Enlarged Europe and a reversal of expense recognized in H1 2022 related to North America(E) Primarily impairment expense in Enlarged Europe  mainly related to Russia  as well as North America(F) Write down of FCA Bank investment associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(G) Mainly related to cost for convergence initiatives and litigation  partially offset by gains on disposalsDiluted EPS to Adjusted diluted EPS(7)Results from continuing operations (€ million  except as otherwise stated) H1 2023 H2 2023 H1 2022 H2 2022 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 10 923 7 673 7 960 8 839 Weighted average number of shares outstanding (000) 3 137 744 3 078 195 3 136 036 3 144 076 Number of shares deployable for share-based compensation (000) 26 063 25 398 22 889 23 380 Equity warrants delivered to General Motors (000) — — 69 126 — Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share (000) 3 163 807 3 103 593 3 228 051 3 167 456 Diluted earnings per share (A) (€/share) 3.45 2.47 2.47 2.79 Adjustments  per above 585 1 382 2 351 1 390 Tax impact on adjustments (66) (386) (450) (283) Unusual items related to income taxes — — — (851) Total adjustments  net of taxes 519 996 1 901 256 Impact of adjustments above  net of taxes  on Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (B) (€/share) 0.16 0.32 0.59 0.08 Adjusted Diluted earnings per share(7) (€/share) (A+B) 3.61 2.79 3.06 2.87Cash flows from operating activities to Industrial free cash flows(€ million) H2 2023 H2 2022 Cash flows from operating activities 9 092 10 116 Less: Operating activities not attributable to industrial activities (542) 82 Less: Capital Expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in amounts payable on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 4 835 4 550 Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets and other changes in investing activities 426 249 Less: Net proceeds related to the reorganization of financial services in Europe(A) 68 — Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments 1 709 476 Add: Defined benefit pension contributions  net of tax 755 243 Industrial free cash flows(2) 4 203 5 500________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(A) Additional consideration of €68 million received as earn-out for the sale of 50 percent interest held in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. related to industrial activitiesNOTES(1) Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) adjustments comprising restructuring and other termination costs  impairments  asset write-offs  disposals of investments and unusual operating income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance  and also excludes Net financial expenses/(income) and Tax expense/(benefit). Effective from January 1  2023  our Adjusted operating income/(loss) includes Share of the profit/(loss) of equity method investees. The comparatives for the respective periods for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly.(€ million) FY 2022As reported Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment FY 2022As adjusted Operating income 20 012 264 — — 20 276 Adjusted operating income 23 323 264 297 133 24 017 Adjusted operating income margin 13.0% — — — 13.4%(€ million) H2 2022As reported Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment H2 2022As adjusted Operating income 9 692 208 — — 9 900 Adjusted operating income 10 949 208 — 133 11 290 Adjusted operating income margin 12.0% — — — 12.3%FY 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER STELLANTIS Adjusted operating income  as reported 13 989 6 293 1 078 2 048 654 201 (940) 23 323 Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees (2) (75) 110 — (310) — 541 264 Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV — — — — 297 — — 297 Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment — — — — — — 133 133 Adjusted operating income  as adjusted 13 987 6 218 1 188 2 048 641 201 (266) 24 017H2 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER STELLANTIS Adjusted operating income  as reported 6 306 3 026 606 1 046 365 139 (539) 10 949 Share of profit/(loss) of equity method investees (2) (38) 53 — 7 — 188 208 Adjustment: impairment of GAC-Stellantis JV — — — — — — — — Adjustment: write down of FCA Bank investment — — — — — — 133 133 Adjusted operating income  as adjusted 6 304 2 988 659 1 046 372 139 (218) 11 290This change was implemented as management believes these results are becoming increasingly relevant due to the number of partnerships Stellantis has recently engaged in  and will continue to engage in in the future  around electrification and other areas critical to the future of mobility.Unusual operating income/(expense) are impacts from strategic decisions  as well as events considered rare or discrete and infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. Unusual operating income/(expense) includes  but may not be limited to: impacts from strategic decisions to rationalize Stellantis' core operations; facility-related costs stemming from Stellantis' plans to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand  and convergence and integration costs directly related to significant acquisitions or mergers.(2) Industrial free cash flows is our key cash flow metric and is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: (i) cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; (ii) cash flows from operating activities related to financial services  net of eliminations; (iii) investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities; (iv) contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments; and adjusted for: (i) net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations; (ii) proceeds from disposal of assets and (iii) contributions to defined benefit pension plans  net of tax. The timing of Industrial free cash flows may be affected by the timing of monetization of receivables  factoring and the payment of accounts payables  as well as changes in other components of working capital  which can vary from period to period due to  among other things  cash management initiatives and other factors  some of which may be outside of the Company’s control.(3 Per S&P Global 2023 vehicle registrations (most current data available); PC + light duty trucks.(4) With single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions.(5) Refers to the aggregation of the South America  Middle East & Africa and China and India & Asia Pacific segments for presentation purposes only.(6) Combined shipments include shipments by Company's consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated joint ventures  whereas Consolidated shipments only include shipments by Company's consolidated subsidiaries. Figures by segments may not add up due to rounding.(7) Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting Diluted earnings per share from operations for the post-tax impact per share of the same items excluded from Adjusted operating income as well as tax income/(expenses) considered rare or discrete events that are infrequent in nature. We believe this non-GAAP measure is useful because it also excludes items that we do not believe are indicative of the Company’s ongoing operating performance and provides investors with a more meaningful comparison of the Company’s ongoing quality of earnings. Adjusted diluted EPS should not be considered as a substitute for Basic earnings per share  Diluted earnings per share from operations or other methods of analyzing our quality of earnings as reported under IFRS.(8) Industrial net financial position is calculated as Debt plus derivative financial liabilities related to industrial activities less (i) cash and cash equivalents  (ii) financial securities that are considered liquid  (iii) current financial receivables from the Company or its jointly controlled financial services entities and (iv) derivative financial assets and collateral deposits. Therefore  debt  cash and cash equivalents and other financial assets/ liabilities pertaining to Stellantis’ financial services entities are excluded from the computation of the Industrial net financial position. Industrial net financial position includes the Industrial net financial position classified as held for sale.Rankings  market share and other industry information are derived from third-party industry sources (e.g. Agence Nationale des Titres Sécurisés (ANTS)  Associação Nacional dos Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores (ANFAVEA)  Ministry of Infrastructure and Sustainable Mobility (MIMS)  S&P Global  Ward’s Automotive) and internal information unless otherwise stated.For purposes of this document  and unless otherwise stated industry and market share information are for passenger cars (PC) plus light commercial vehicles (LCV)  except as noted below:Middle East & Africa exclude Iran  Sudan and Syria;South America excludes Cuba;India & Asia Pacific reflects aggregate for major markets where Stellantis competes (Japan (PC)  India (PC)  South Korea (PC + Pickups)  Australia  New Zealand and South East Asia);China represents PC only; andMaserati reflects aggregate for 17 major markets where Maserati competes and is derived from S&P Global data  Maserati competitive segment and internal information.Prior period figures have been updated to reflect current information provided by third-party industry sources.Circular Economy activities are included within the financial results of each respect segment.Commercial Vehicles include vans  light and heavy-duty trucks and passenger vehicles registered or converted for commercial use.EU30 = EU 27 (excluding Malta)  Iceland  Norway  Switzerland and UK.Low emission vehicles (LEV) = battery electric (BEV)  plug-in hybrid (PHEV) and fuel cell electric (FCEV) vehicles.All Stellantis reported BEV and LEV sales include Citroën Ami and Opel Rocks-e; in countries where these vehicles are classified as quadricycles  they are excluded from Stellantis reported combined sales  industry sales and market share figures.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis document  in particular references to “FY 2024 Guidance”  contains forward looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future financial performance and the Company’s expectations as to the achievement of certain targeted metrics  including revenues  industrial free cash flows  vehicle shipments  capital investments  research and development costs and other expenses at any future date or for any future period are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on the Company’s current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the Company’s ability to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; the Company’s ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; the Company’s ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; the Company’s ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; the Company’s ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in the Company’s vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; the Company’s ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans; the Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; the Company’s ability to access funding to execute its business plan; the Company’s ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with the Company’s relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; the Company’s ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning the Company and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect the Company’s financial results  is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.23,0.37,True,English,"['Industrial Free Cash Flows', 'Record Net Revenues', 'Net Profit', 'Stellantis Delivers', 'Full Year', 'February', '01', 'carbon net zero emission target', '2024 open market share buyback program', 'Double digit minimum commitment', 'first Circular Economy Hub', 'Industrial Free Cash Flows', 'employee share purchase plan', 'new Citroën ë-C3', 'The Stellantis Student Awards', 'record full year 2023 results', 'Industrial available liquidity', 'record financial results', 'overall market growth', 'circular consumption model', 'new global leader', 'consolidated shipment volumes', 'Strong balance sheet', 'Dare Forward 2030 targets', 'Change FY 2024 GUIDANCE', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'Dare Forward 2030 objectives', 'following concrete actions', 'vehicle defect rates', 'upcoming global vehicles', 'multiple propulsion systems', 'LFP battery cells', 'battery chemistries portfolio', 'global BEV sales', 'F R S', 'new outreach center', 'Record Net Revenues', 'flexible, BEV-native platform', 'raw materials sourcing', 'U.S.(3) Results', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'year sales growth', 'operating income margin', 'share buybacks', 'common share', 'growth story', 'LEV sales', 'flexible technology', 'The Company', 'second platform', 'Net Profit', 'prior year', 'AOI margin', 'operating activities', 'shareholder approval', 'three-year mark', 'highest levels', 'product roadmap', 'various scenarios', 'Carlos Tavares', 'Revenue backdrop', 'A P', '2 absolute emissions', 'constant focus', 'sustainable reuse', 'other countries', '600 collective agreements', '600 family members', 'continuous learning', 'Science Gateway', 'electrification push', 'North America', '18 additional BEVs', 'B-segment EV', 'Jeep ® Avenger', 'European Car', 'top honors', 'STLA Medium', 'Peugeot E-3008', 'STLA Large', 'E segments', 'internal combustion', 'Stellantis Delivers', ""Stellantis' inception"", 'customer delivery', 'customer expectations', 'science education', 'class range', 'Stellantis Foundation', 'Adjusted', 'increase', 'PHEVs', 'LEVs', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'teams', 'headwinds', 'proof', 'industry', 'turbulent 2024', 'CEO', 'data', 'Reference', 'section', 'document', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'line', 'CARE', 'track', 'scope', 'reduction', 'Italy', 'excellence', 'recovery', 'business', 'Shares', 'France', 'world', 'employees', 'dedication', 'CERN', 'Geneva', 'total', '48 models', 'four', '700 kilometers', '35 miles', '500 miles', 'hybrid', 'CATL', 'supply', 'modules', 'Ample', 'partnership']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36303,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-firmenich-reports-full-year-2023-results-302062345.html,dsm-firmenich reports full year 2023 results,KAISERAUGST  Switzerland and HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 15  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Management Report 2023 highlights Successful creation of dsm-firmenich with integration well ahead of plan Merger-related cost and sales synergies gaining traction Animal Nutriti…,"KAISERAUGST  Switzerland and HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 15  2024 /PRNewswire/ --Management Report2023 highlightsSuccessful creation of dsm-firmenich with integration well ahead of planMerger-related cost and sales synergies gaining tractionAnimal Nutrition & Health to be separated from the GroupSolid performance across the company  significantly impacted by unprecedented low vitamin pricesGood operating cash flow driven by a strong performance in the second halfStable dividend of €2.50 proposedSynergies and the vitamin transformation programs will deliver a significant earnings step-up in 2024 and beyondOutlook 2024: Adjusted EBITDA of at least €1.9 billionKey figures in € millions Pro formaFY 2023¹ Pro formaFY 2022¹ % Change ActualQ4 2023 Pro formaQ4 2022¹ % Change Sales 12 310 13 238 (7) 3 112 3 295 (6) Organic sales growth (%) (5)(3)Adj. EBITDA 1 777 2 275 (22) 439 499 (12) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 14.4 17.214.1 15.1Core adj. net profit 555 1 013 (45)1 Represents the figures on a pro forma basis  including the Firmenich results as if the merger had occurred on January 1  2022. The pro forma figures represent the results from continuing operations - please also refer to the section Definitions .Key figures on an IFRS basis2 in € millions FY 2023 FY 2022 % Change Sales 10 627 8 390 27 Net profit from continuing operations (636) 475 (234) Net profit (total group) 2 153 1 715 262 Represents the figures on an IFRS basis  including the Firmenich results as of the merger date May 8  2023.Dimitri de Vreeze  CEO  commented: ""We are proud that the company is already operating seamlessly with integration well ahead of plan  including the development of a common culture  as demonstrated in our recent employee engagement survey. Our employees have done a truly amazing job building momentum  positioning dsm-firmenich as a world leader in nutrition  health and beauty.In light of the unprecedented conditions with very low vitamin prices and a continued destocking cycle  we took a number of immediate and effective actions. We accelerated our plans for driving through additional self-help measures and advanced the review of all our business segments. This led us to the initiation of a process to separate out the Animal Nutrition & Health business from the Group which we announced today. This should strongly reduce our exposure to vitamins earnings volatility and reduce our capital intensity in line with our long-term strategy. We believe that the full potential of the ANH business could be best realized through a different ownership structure.Supported by our exciting innovation pipeline  all these actions would help us to prioritize and accelerate the company's nutrition  health and beauty high-growth and higher-margin businesses  all of which is reflected in our mid-term financial targets.""Outlook 2024As the global political and economic environment remains uncertain  and given that it is early in the year  we feel it prudent to base our full year outlook for the entire company only on those elements which are under our control  namely a €200 million step-up in Adjusted EBITDA from a combination of synergy delivery and the vitamin transformation program. Considering that the full negative vitamin effect emerged only in Q2 2023  the effective Adjusted EBITDA run-rate in the period Q2-Q4 2023 on an annualized basis was about €1.7 billion  the company estimates for FY 2024 Adjusted EBITDA of at least €1.9 billion.StrategyThe merger of DSM and Firmenich created a world-leader in nutrition  health and beauty  through which its highly integrated portfolio of nutritional  natural and renewable ingredients  together with complementary science capabilities and technologies  will deliver superior innovation-led growth.By creatively applying proven science and drawing on data-driven innovation capabilities as well as exceptional standards of operational excellence  dsm-firmenich seeks to tackle the tension between what society needs  what people individually want  and what the planet demands in the areas of nutrition  health and beauty. By working closely together with customers to create what is essential for life as well as desirable for consumers yet simultaneously more sustainable for the planet  dsm-firmenich is poised to bring progress to life for billions of people around the world.dsm-firmenich is a purpose-led company where people and planet as well as financial success are at the core of its strategy that is aimed at further enhancing its positive impact in the world  continually raising the bar to help tackle climate change  protect nature  and care for people all along the value chain.Delivering synergies through integrationdsm-firmenich is on track to achieve its target synergies of approximately €350 million Adjusted EBITDA per year. Around half of this is expected to come from cost efficiencies  with the full run rate achieved by the end of year 3. Initial benefits of about €15 million were delivered in Q4. The remaining synergies are expected from incremental revenues of €500 million  generated by an acceleration of innovation with customers. There has been good early progress and the full run rate is still expected by the end of year 4. These revenue synergies are driven by complementary capabilities and realized in the three business units with the strongest strategic adjacency - Perfumery & Beauty (P&B); Taste  Texture & Health (TTH); and Health  Nutrition & Care (HNC) - with roughly the following balance:60% in TTH business unit25% in HNC business unit15% in P&B business unitOverall  we expect to see an Adjusted EBITDA contribution of about €100 million in 2024  coming mainly from cost synergies.Separation of Animal Nutrition & Health from the GroupThe Company initiates a process to carve-out and separate out the Animal Nutrition & Health (ANH) business from the Group. Full focus on nutrition  health  and beauty would enable dsm-firmenich to better drive superior innovation-led growth. Separating out Animal Nutrition & Health from the Group would minimize dsm-firmenich's exposure to vitamins earnings volatility and reduce capital intensity in line with its long-term strategy. The Company believes that the full potential of the ANH business could be best realized through a different ownership structure for which all potential separation options will be considered. The Company would expect to be in a position to separate the business in the course of 2025.Progressing the vitamin transformation programIn mid-2023 the company embarked on a major restructuring program in its vitamin activities to reduce costs and restore profitability. This program is expected to result in an estimated Adjusted EBITDA contribution of around €200 million per year with the full run rate to be reached by the end of 2024. These savings will be in addition to the previously announced €350 million Adjusted EBITDA synergies target. Neither of these targets will be disrupted by the separation of Animal Nutrition and Health.dsm-firmenich has already made strong progress in executing the program through the closure of the Xinghuo vitamin B6 plant in China and shutting down the Jiangshan vitamin C production in China. The sales model now supports a 'go-to-market' approach which is simpler and more efficient in the current market environment.In Q4 2023  the program generated an about €10 million savings contribution to Adjusted EBITDA. For 2024  dsm-firmenich expects to achieve an additional around €100 million Adjusted EBITDA contribution.Stable dividendAt the Annual General Meeting on May 7  2024  dsm-firmenich's Board of Directors will propose a cash dividend of €2.50 per share for the financial year 2023.Key figures and indicators in € millions Pro formaFY 2023¹ Pro formaFY 2022¹ % Change ActualQ4 2023 Pro formaQ4 2022¹ % Change Net sales 12 310 13 238 (7) 3 112 3 295 (6) P&B 3 709 3 792 (2) 914 916 (0) TTH 3 038 3 174 (4) 768 806 (5) HNC 2 270 2 418 (6) 581 587 (1) ANH 3 227 3 784 (15) 833 971 (14) Corporate 66 70 (6) 16 15 7 Adj. EBITDA 1 777 2 275 (22) 439 499 (12) P&B 783 748 5 192 166 16 TTH 556 549 1 133 137 (3) HNC 389 533 (27) 94 121 (22) ANH 128 524 (76) 32 95 (66) Corporate (79) (79) - (12) (20) (40) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 14.4 17.214.1 15.1P&B 21.1 19.721.0 18.1TTH 18.3 17.317.3 17.0HNC 17.1 22.016.2 20.6ANH 4.0 13.83.8 9.8Adj. EBIT 666 1 361 (51).Core adj. EBIT 850 1 361 (38)Core adj. net profit 555 1 013 (45).Average number of shares (x millions) 265.1 264.5Core adj. EPS 2.03 3.77.(Avg.) core capital employed 16 423 16 271Core adj. ROCE (%) 5.2 8.4.Operating working capital 3 872 4 021Capital expenditures (cash) 734 775Adj. gross operating free cash flow 999 9181 Represents the figures on a pro forma basis  including the Firmenich results as if the merger had occurred on January 1  2022. The pro forma figures represent the results from continuing operations - please also refer to the section Definitions .Key figures and indicators on an IFRS basis2 in € millions FY 2023 FY 2022 % Change Net sales 10 627 8 390 27 EBITDA 810 1 304 (38) EBITDA margin (%) 7.6 15.5EBIT (497) 682 (173) Net profit (total group) 2 153 1 715Net EPS (total group) 9.14 9.80.Effective tax rate (%) 2.8 20.9Net debt (2 215) (87)Workforce (headcount) 29 367 20 68232 Represents the figures on an IFRS basis  including the Firmenich results as of the merger date May 8  2023 3 Refers to total group  including discontinued operations.dsm-firmenich FY 2023 and Q4 in € millions Pro formaFY 2023¹ Pro formaFY 2022¹ % Change ActualQ4 2023 Pro formaQ4 2022¹ % Change Sales 12 310 13 238 (7) 3 112 3 295 (6) Organic sales growth (%) (5)(3)Adj. EBITDA 1 777 2 275 (22) 439 499 (12) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 14.4 17.214.1 15.11 Represents the figures on a pro forma basis  including the Firmenich results as if the merger had occurred on January 1  2022. The pro forma figures represent the results from continuing operations - please also refer to the section Definitions .FY 2023Good performance in Perfumery & Beauty (P&B)Solid performance in Taste  Texture & Health (TTH)Weak performance in Animal Nutrition & Health (ANH)  and Health  Nutrition & Care (HNC) on exceptionally low vitamin prices and persistent de-stockingThe results for the full year were impacted by a combination of unprecedented market dynamics that led to very low vitamin prices  together with a deep destocking cycle.Adjusted EBITDA  significantly impacted by the vitamin effect and foreign exchange was 22% lower than in the prior year  resulting in a 280bps margin decline. This includes a negative vitamin effect which is estimated at about €500 million. Without this effect  the Adjusted EBITDA would have been in line with prior year  despite a negative foreign exchange effect of about €90 million.Q4 2023Market conditions broadly unchangedFirst contribution from self-help initiatives materializedStrong cash flow generation  driven by disciplined action on inventory managementP&B continued to perform well  against a soft prior year comparable period  with TTH remaining resilient. ANH and HNC continued to see the same unprecedented market conditions. The quarter was notable by strong cashflow generation owing to a greater focus on  in particular  improving working capital through inventory reduction  together with the first benefits of cost synergies being realized.Adjusted EBITDA was down 12%  owing mainly to the ongoing vitamin effect and destocking. The negative vitamin effect was estimated around €120 million and negative foreign exchange effect was slightly more than €20 million. Without this negative vitamin effect  Adjusted EBITDA would have been 24% higher than reported  despite a 5% negative FX effect. The quarter saw the initial contribution from the integration synergies of about €15 million and  in addition  savings of around €10 million from the vitamin transformation program.Note for editors:The full text of the press release is available here.The presentation to investors is available here.Financial calendarFebruary 22  2024: North American Investor Event in Princeton  USAMay 2  2024: Q1 2024 trading updateMay 7  2024: Annual General MeetingJune 3  2024: Capital Markets Day in ParisJuly 30  2024: H1 2024 financial resultsOctober 31  2024: Q3 2024 trading updateAdditional informationToday dsm-firmenich will hold a webcast for investors and analysts at 9:00 am CET. Details on how to access this call can be found on the dsm-firmenich website  www.dsm-firmenich.com.For more informationMedia relationsIngvild Van Lysebettentel. +41 (0)79 833 72 52e-mail media@dsm-firmenich.comInvestor relationsDave Huizingtel. +31 (0)45 578 2864e-mail investors@dsm-firmenich.comAbout dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world's growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss-Dutch company  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life™ every day  everywhere  for billions of people.www.dsm-firmenich.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.PDF - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2340835/dsm_firmenich_2023_FY_Q4.pdfLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2071772/4545720/dsm_firmenich_Logo.jpg",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.23,0.13,True,English,"['full year 2023 results', 'dsm-firmenich', 'recent employee engagement survey', 'full negative vitamin effect', 'unprecedented low vitamin prices', 'effective Adjusted EBITDA run-rate', 'vitamin transformation programs', 'Good operating cash', 'significant earnings step', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'amazing job building', 'additional self-help measures', 'vitamins earnings volatility', 'different ownership structure', 'exciting innovation pipeline', 'superior innovation-led growth', 'data-driven innovation capabilities', 'full run rate', 'Organic sales growth', 'mid-term financial targets', 'complementary science capabilities', 'Adj. EBITDA margin', 'FY 2022 % Change Sales', 'Q4 2022¹ % Change Sales', 'pro forma basis', 'FY 2024 Adjusted EBITDA', 'pro forma figures', 'full year outlook', 'unprecedented conditions', 'full potential', 'FY 2022¹ % Change', 'effective actions', 'proven science', 'financial success', 'climate change', 'sales synergies', 'IFRS basis', 'annualized basis', 'Management Report', 'Successful creation', 'Merger-related cost', 'Solid performance', 'strong performance', 'Stable dividend', 'Actual Q4', 'net profit', 'continuing operations', 'common culture', 'destocking cycle', 'business segments', 'capital intensity', 'ANH business', 'higher-margin businesses', 'global political', 'economic environment', '€200 million step-up', 'synergy delivery', 'integrated portfolio', 'nutritional, natural', 'renewable ingredients', 'exceptional standards', 'operational excellence', 'positive impact', 'value chain', 'cost efficiencies', 'Initial benefits', 'Core adj.', 'Key figures', 'millions FY', 'target synergies', 'remaining synergies', 'second half', 'Animal Nutrition', 'total group', 'merger date', 'world leader', 'long-term strategy', 'entire company', 'purpose-led company', 'beauty high-growth', 'Firmenich results', 'Health business', 'Q4.', 'KAISERAUGST', 'Switzerland', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', '2023 highlights', 'dsm-firmenich', 'integration', 'plan', 'traction', 'January', 'section', 'Definitions', 'CEO', 'development', 'employees', 'momentum', 'continued', 'number', 'immediate', 'review', 'initiation', 'process', 'exposure', 'elements', 'control', 'combination', 'Q2', 'period', 'world-leader', 'technologies', 'tension', 'society', 'people', 'areas', 'customers', 'life', 'consumers', 'progress', 'billions', 'bar', 'nature', 'track', 'incremental']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,prnewswire.co.uk
36304,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/15/2830350/0/en/Galapagos-presents-at-EBMT-EHA-annual-meeting-2024.html,Galapagos presents at EBMT-EHA annual meeting 2024,Showcases meaningful advances in decentralized CAR T-cell manufacturing and presents translational and clinical data from ongoing Phase 1/2 CD19 CAR-T studies,Showcases meaningful advances in decentralized CAR T-cell manufacturing and presents translational and clinical data from ongoing Phase 1/2 CD19 CAR-T studiesMechelen  Belgium; 15 February 2024  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) to present new preliminary translational data and previously disclosed data at the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT)-European Hematology Association (EHA) 6th European CAR T-cell meeting taking place from 15–17 February 2024 in Valencia  Spain.The preliminary translational data from its EUPLAGIA-1 Phase 1/2 study demonstrate that Galapagos’ differentiated point-of-care manufacturing platform offers the potential for a single infusion of fresh early-phenotype CD19 CAR-T cells with robust expansion and persistence in patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (rrCLL) and patients with Richter transformation (RT). Further  previously disclosed safety  efficacy and feasibility data from EUPLAGIA-1 and ATALANTA-1 support the potential of Galapagos’ innovative approach to CAR-T manufacturing and of the transformational impact on patients with severe hematologic cancers.“At Galapagos  we are committed to accelerating transformative innovation to address the unmet needs of patients with advanced cancers  and the data we are presenting today demonstrates our positive momentum toward this goal ” said Dr Jeevan Shetty  M.D.  Head of Clinical Development Oncology at Galapagos. “We are pleased for the opportunity to present encouraging data that supports the potential of our innovative  decentralized approach to CAR-T manufacturing and the transformational impact CAR-T treatment could have on patients with serious hematologic cancers.”Summary of preliminary translational data from EUPLAGIA-1 with GLPG5201 (cut-off date: 6 September 2023):Patient recruitment of the Phase 1 dose-finding part of EUPLAGIA-1 has been completed and 15 patients were enrolled (6 at dose level 1 (DL1); and 9 at dose level 2 (DL2))  all of whom were diagnosed with rrCLL and 9 with additional RT. All 15 Phase 1 batches were manufactured at the point-of-care and infused as a single fresh  fit product within a median vein-to-vein time of seven days  with 80% of patients receiving the product in seven days.GLPG5201 final product showed an increase in early phenotypes of CD4+ and CD8+ CAR-T cells (naïve  stem cell memory (T N/SCM ) and central memory) compared to apheresis starting material. A robust in vivo expansion of GLPG5201 occurred with a median time-to-peak expansion of 14 days  regardless of dose level  and a higher exposure for patients infused with DL2 compared to DL1. GLPG5201 expansion and exposure were similar in patients with rrCLL and in patients with RT. Persisting CAR-T cells were detected up to 15 months post-infusion. Moreover  the abundance of both CD4+ and CD8+ T N/SCM CAR-T cells in the final product correlated with CAR-T-cell exposure in patients.Key data highlights accepted by EBMT-EHA:Abstract Title Authors/ Presenter Presentation date/time Galapagos abstracts Seven-Day Vein-to-Vein Point-of-Care–Manufactured GLPG5201 Anti-CD19 CAR-T Cells Display Early Phenotype in Relapsed/Refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (rrCLL) Including Richter's Transformation (RT) Sandra Blum   Claire Vennin  Esmée P. Hoefsmit  Kirsten Van Hoorde  Sergi Betriu Leticia Alserawan  Julio Delgado  Nadia Verbruggen  Anna D.D. van Muyden  Henriëtte Rozema  Ruiz Astigarraga  Margot J. Pont Poster Number: AS-CART-2024-00104Date: 15 February 2024; 8:15 pm –8:45 pmSession: PT2 (Poster Tour 2)Galapagos encore abstracts Seven-Day Vein-to-Vein Point-of-Care Manufactured CD19 CAR-T Cells (GLPG5101) in Relapsed/Refractory Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (rrNHL): Results from the Phase 1 ATALANTA-1 Trial Marie José Kersten   Kirsten Saevels  Sophie Servais  Yves Beguin  Joost S.P. Vermaat  Eva Santermans  Stavros Milatos  Maike Spoon  Marte C. Liefaard  Claire Vennin  Margot J. Pont  Anna D.D. van Muyden  Maria T. Kuipers  Sébastien AnguillePoster Number: AS-CART-2024-00090Date: 15 February 2024; 7:45 pm –8:15 pmSession: PT1 (Poster Tour 1)Seven-Day Vein-to-Vein Point-of-Care–Manufactured CD19 CAR T-Cell Therapy (GLPG5201) in Relapsed/Refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (rrCLL) Including Richter’s Transformation: Results from the Phase 1 EUPLAGIA-1 TrialNatalia Tovar  Nuria Martinez-Cibrian  Julio Delgado  Sergi Betriu  Leticia Alserawan  Ana Triguero  Nadia Verbruggen  Maike Spoon  Marte C. Liefaard  Anna D.D. van Muyden  Valentin Ortiz-Maldonado Oral Presentation Number: AS-CART-2024-00099Date: 16 February 2024; 6:38 pm –6:44 pm (session runs 6:20 pm –7:15 pm)Session: BA2 (Best Abstracts 2); Auditorium 1 Phase 1/2  Multicenter  Open-Label Study to Evaluate Feasibility  Safety and Efficacy of Point-of-Care–Manufactured Anti-BCMA CAR T-Cell Therapy (GLPG5301) in Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma (rrMM) Niels W.C.J. van de Donk  Sébastien Anguille  Jo Caers  Marte C. Liefaard  Christian Jacques  Anna D.D. van Muyden Poster Number: AS-CART-2024-00103Date: 17 February 2024; 08:30 am–1:45 pmSession: PE17p (Poster Exhibition)About Galapagos’ decentralized CAR-T manufacturing platformGalapagos’ decentralized  innovative point-of-care CAR T-cell manufacturing platform offers the potential for the administration of fresh  fit cells with a vein-to-vein time of seven days  greater physician control and a significantly improved patient experience. The platform consists of an end-to-end xCellit™ workflow management and monitoring software system  a decentralized  functionally closed  automated manufacturing platform for cell therapies (using Lonza’s Cocoon®) and a proprietary quality control testing and release strategy.About the EUPLAGIA-1 study (EudraCT 2021-003815-25)EUPLAGIA-1 is an ongoing Phase 1/2 open-label  multi-center study evaluating the safety  efficacy and feasibility of point-of-care manufactured GLPG5201  a CD19 CAR-T product candidate  in patients with relapsed/refractory lymphocytic leukemia (rrCLL) and small cell lymphocytic lymphoma (rrSLL)  with or without Richter transformation (RT). GLPG5201 is a second generation anti-CD19/4-1BB CAR-T product candidate  administered as a single fixed intravenous dose. Patients with CD19+ rrCLL or rrSLL with ≥2 lines of prior therapy are eligible to participate  and patients with RT are eligible regardless of prior therapy. The primary objective of the Phase 1 part of the study was to evaluate safety and determine the recommended dose for the Phase 2 part of the study. The dose levels that were evaluated in the Phase 1 part of the study are 35x106 (DL1)  and 100x106 (DL2) CAR+ viable T cells. The primary objective of the Phase 2 part of the study is to assess the Objective Response Rate (ORR) and the secondary objectives include the analysis of the Complete Response (CR)  duration of response  progression free survival  overall survival  safety  pharmacokinetic profile  and feasibility of point-of-care manufacturing.About chronic lymphocytic leukemiaChronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is one of the chronic lymphoproliferative disorders (lymphoid neoplasms). It is characterized by a progressive accumulation of functionally incompetent lymphocytes  which are usually monoclonal in origin. CLL affects B-cells in the blood and bone marrow.1 RT is an uncommon clinicopathological condition observed in patients with CLL. It is characterized by the sudden transformation of the CLL into a significantly more aggressive form of large cell lymphoma and occurs in approximately 2-10% of all CLL patients. CLL usually follows an indolent course and is an incurable disease. Patients who develop relapsed and refractory disease and become resistant to new agents have a dismal prognosis and a high unmet medical need for new therapeutic options such as CAR-T cells. With estimated incidence of 4.7 new cases per 100 000 individuals  CLL is the most prevalent lymphoid malignancy and is the most common adult leukemia in the US and in Europe.2 The annual incidence of patients with RT has been estimated at 1 900 new patients in the US and 2 000 in the EU5.3About the ATALANTA-1 study (EudraCT 2021-003272-13)ATALANTA-1 is an ongoing Phase 1/2  open-label  multicenter study to evaluate the safety  efficacy and feasibility of point-of-care manufactured GLPG5101  a CD19 CAR-T product candidate  in patients with relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (rrNHL). GLPG5101 is a second generation anti-CD19/4-1BB CAR-T product candidate  administered as a single fixed intravenous dose. The primary objective of the Phase 1 part of the study was to evaluate safety and to determine the recommended dose for the Phase 2 part of the study. Secondary objectives include assessment of efficacy and feasibility of near the point-of-care manufacturing of GLPG5101. The dose levels that were evaluated in Phase 1 are 50x106 (DL1) and 110x106 (DL2) and 250x106 (DL3) CAR+ viable T cells. The primary objective of the Phase 2 part of the study is to evaluate the Objective Response Rate (ORR) while the secondary objectives include Complete Response (CR)  duration of response  progression free survival  overall survival  safety  pharmacokinetic profile  and the feasibility of point-of-care manufacturing. Each enrolled patient will be followed for 24 months.About non-Hodgkin’s lymphomaNon-Hodgkin’s lymphoma is a cancer originating from lymphocytes  a type of white blood cell which is part of the body’s immune system. Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma can occur at any age although it is more common in adults over 50 years old. Initial symptoms usually are enlarged lymph nodes  fever  and weight loss. There are many different types of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. These types can be divided into aggressive (fast-growing) and indolent (slow-growing) types  and they can be formed from either B lymphocytes (B cells) or in lesser extent from T lymphocytes (T cells) or Natural Killer cells (NK cells). B-cell lymphoma makes up about 85% of non-Hodgkin’s lymphomas diagnosed in the US. Prognosis and treatment of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma depend on the stage and type of disease.About the PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 study (EU CT 2022-500782-27-00)PAPILIO-1 is a Phase 1/2  open-label  multicenter study to evaluate the safety  efficacy and feasibility of point-of-care manufactured GLPG5301  a BCMA CAR-T product candidate  in patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (rrMM) after ≥2 prior lines of therapy. The primary objective of the Phase 1 part of the PAPILIO-1 study is to evaluate safety and determine the recommended dose for the Phase 2 part of the study. The primary objective of the Phase 2 part of the study is to evaluate the efficacy of GLPG5301  as measured by the Objective Response Rate (ORR). Secondary objectives for both Phase 1 and Phase 2 include further assessment of the safety of GLPG5301  additional efficacy endpoints  including assessment of Minimal Residual Disease (MRD)  as well as the feasibility of point-of-care manufacture of GLPG5301 in rrMM patients. Each enrolled patient will be followed for 24 months. During Phase 1  up to 3 dose levels will be evaluated and at least 12 patients will be enrolled to establish the recommended Phase 2 dose. Approximately 30 additional patients will be enrolled in the Phase 2 part of the study to further evaluate the safety and efficacy of GLPG5301.About relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (rrMM)Multiple myeloma (MM) is typically characterized by the neoplastic proliferation of plasma cells producing a monoclonal immunoglobulin. The plasma cells proliferate in the bone marrow and may result in extensive skeletal destruction with osteopenia  and osteolytic lesions with or without pathologic fractures. The diagnosis of MM is made when one (or more) of the following clinical presentations are present: bone pain with lytic lesions discovered on routine skeletal films or other imaging modalities  an increased total serum protein concentration with the presence of a monoclonal protein in the urine or serum  and anemia  hypercalcemia or renal failure. The patient may be either symptomatic or their disease may be discovered incidentally. Despite improvements in treatment  patients with MM ultimately relapse or become refractory to available regimens. Triple-refractory patients (refractory to CD38 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs)  proteasome inhibitor (PI) and immunomodulatory drug (IMiD))  or penta-refractory patients (refractory to CD38 mAbs  2 Pls and 2 IMiDs) have a poor prognosis and are in urgent need of novel treatment options.About GalapagosWe are a global biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the US dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules  CAR-T therapies  and biologics in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized  point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter) .ContactMedia inquiries:Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Sofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143ir@glpg.comSandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “plan ” “estimate ” “will ” “continue ” “aim ” “intend ” “future ” “potential ” “could ” ”indicate ” “forward ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding preliminary  interim and topline data from the EUPLAGIA-1  ATALANTA-1 and PAPILIO-1 studies and other analyses related to CD19 CAR-T  statements related to Galapagos’ plans  expectations and strategy with respect to the EUPLAGIA-1  ATALANTA-1 and PAPILIO-1 studies  and statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of the EUPLAGIA-1  ATALANTA-1 and PAPILIO-1 studies  including the expected recruitment for trials. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause our actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that preliminary or interim clinical results may not be replicated in ongoing or subsequent clinical trials; the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies with GLPG5201 and GLPG5101 may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs may not support registration or further development of GLPG5201 and GLPG5101 due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties (including its collaboration partner Lonza) and that Galapagos’ estimations regarding its GLPG5201 and GLPG5101 development programs and regarding the commercial potential of GLPG5201 and GLPG5101  may be incorrect  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its subsequent filings with the SEC. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances or changes in expectations.1 Wierda WG. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia/ Small lymphocytic lymphoma fact sheet. In: Foundation LR  editor: https://www.lymphoma.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/LRF_FACTSHEET_CLL_SLL.pdf.2018.2 Siegel RL  Miller KD  Fuchs HE  Jemal A. Cancer Statistics  2021. CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians. 2021;71(1):7-33. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK4931733 IMARC report  2023; 2-15% of incidence per Lightning Health literature review; Sigmund AM et al. 2022; Thompson PhA et al. 2022.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.87,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['EBMT-EHA annual meeting 2024', 'Galapagos', 'Niels W.C.J. van de Donk', 'Care–Manufactured Anti-BCMA CAR T-Cell Therapy', 'Care–Manufactured CD19 CAR T-Cell Therapy', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 CD19 CAR-T studies', 'Care–Manufactured GLPG5201 Anti-CD19 CAR-T Cells', 'Anna D.D. van Muyden', '6th European CAR T-cell meeting', 'naïve, stem cell memory', 'Valentin Ortiz-Maldonado Oral Presentation Number', 'fresh early-phenotype CD19 CAR-T cells', 'ATALANTA-1 Trial Marie José Kersten', 'CD8+ T N/SCM CAR-T cells', 'Sébastien Anguille Poster Number', 'decentralized CAR T-cell manufacturing', 'Refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia', 'Esmée P. Hoefsmit', 'Joost S.P. Vermaat', 'single fresh, fit product', 'EUPLAGIA-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'new preliminary translational data', 'CD8+ CAR-T cells', 'Kirsten Van Hoorde', 'Margot J. Pont', 'Marte C. Liefaard', 'care manufacturing platform', 'innovative, decentralized approach', 'Relapsed/Refractory Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma', 'Multicenter, Open-Label Study', 'Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma', 'Maria T. Kuipers', 'Dr Jeevan Shetty', 'apheresis starting material', 'Abstract Title Authors', 'Henriëtte Rozema', 'Care Manufactured', 'Phase 1 dose-finding part', 'severe hematologic cancers', 'serious hematologic cancers', 'Presenter Presentation date', 'Clinical Development Oncology', 'Key data highlights', 'Galapagos’ innovative approach', 'GLPG5201 final product', 'Galapagos’ differentiated point', 'M.D.', 'CAR-T manufacturing', 'CAR-T treatment', 'European Society', 'central memory', 'EUPLAGIA-1 Trial', 'clinical data', '15 Phase 1 batches', 'Auditorium 1 Phase', 'advanced cancers', 'Poster Tour', 'single infusion', 'Kirsten Saevels', 'feasibility data', 'encouraging data', 'GLPG5201 expansion', 'meaningful advances', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'robust expansion', 'transformational impact', 'transformative innovation', 'unmet needs', 'positive momentum', 'Patient recruitment', 'dose level', 'median vein', 'vein time', 'early phenotypes', 'robust in', 'vivo expansion', 'median time', 'peak expansion', 'Seven-Day Vein', 'Sandra Blum', 'Claire Vennin', 'Sergi Betriu', 'Leticia Alserawan', 'Julio Delgado', 'Nadia Verbruggen', 'Ruiz Astigarraga', 'Sophie Servais', 'Yves Beguin', 'Eva Santermans', 'Stavros Milatos', 'Maike Spoon', 'Natalia Tovar', 'Nuria Martinez-Cibrian', 'Ana Triguero', 'Best Abstracts', 'Jo Caers', 'Christian Jacques', 'Galapagos NV', 'time Galapagos', 'Vein Point', 'seven days', 'higher exposure', 'CAR-T-cell exposure', 'off date', 'additional RT', 'Richter transformation', '14 days', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '15 February', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'Blood', 'EBMT', 'EHA', 'place', '15–17 February', 'Valencia', 'Spain', 'potential', 'persistence', 'patients', 'rrCLL', 'efficacy', 'goal', 'Head', 'opportunity', 'Summary', 'cut', '6 September', 'increase', 'CD4+', 'DL2', 'DL1.', 'to 15', 'abundance', 'CART', 'Session', 'PT2', 'GLPG510', 'rrNHL', 'Results', 'PT1', '16 February', 'BA2', 'Safety', 'GLPG5301', 'rrMM', '22', '8:15', '45', '6:38', '44', '6:20']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,globenewswire.com
36305,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/NEXANS-DELIVERS-ROBUST-PERFORMANCE-IN-2023-45955687/,NEXANS DELIVERS ROBUST PERFORMANCE IN 2023,(marketscreener.com) NEXANS DELIVERS ROBUST PERFORMANCE IN 2023   _PRESS RELEASE_ 2023 standard sales of €6.5 billion  €7.8 billion current sales  strong profitability expansion and excellent cash generation Nexans delivered on all its objectives  which were …,NEXANS DELIVERS ROBUST PERFORMANCE IN 2023_PRESS RELEASE_2023 standard sales of €6.5 billion  €7.8 billion current sales  strong profitability expansion and excellent cash generationNexans delivered on all its objectives  which were upgraded last July  confirming the depth of its transformation year after year Adj. EBITDA 1 at a historic high of €665 million  up +8% year-on-year  and adj. EBITDA margin at 10.2%; EBITDA including share-based payments at €652 million  outperforming target Focus on value added solutions (SHIFT Prime) generating +€20 million incremental EBITDA in its Electrification businesses Outstanding Normalized FCF at €454 million  reflecting strict management of working capital and Generation & Transmission’s adjusted backlog growthStrong balance sheet maintained with net debt at €214 million and a 0.4x leverage ratioProposed dividend up +10% to €2.30 per shareElectrification Pure Player profile strengthened by M&A and investments Acquisition of Reka Cables in Finland with integration progressing ahead of plan  finalization of the divestment of Telecom Systems activity MoU signed to expand medium voltage capacities in Morocco and serve the booming demand for the grid in the region Halden high-voltage plant capacity extension completed early 2024 and new cable-laying vessel construction on track to deliver record Generation & Transmission adjusted backlog of €6.1 billionContinued progress in CSR performance : -36% decrease in Scope 1  2 and 3 GHG emissions ahead of SBTi targets: -36% decrease in Scope 1  2 and 3 GHG emissions ahead of SBTi targets Full-year 2024 guidance announced: Adj. EBITDA of between €670 and 730 million Normalized Free Cash Flow of between €200 and 300 millionCapital Markets Day to be held on November 13th  2024~ ~ ~Paris  February 15  2024 – Nexans  a global leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems to power the world  announces its financial results for the fiscal year 2023. The results were approved by the Board of Directors on February 14  2024. Commenting on the Group’s 2023 results  Christopher Guérin  Nexans’ Chief Executive Officer  said:“Nexans’ robust performance in 2023 once again demonstrated the scale of our disciplined transformation since 2019. We delivered a record adj. EBITDA margin  and exceeded normalized free cash flow generation expectations. I would like to thank all our employees  who are the driving force behind our journey.We made considerable progress on our sustainability agenda with GHG emissions at –36% versus 2019 (Scopes 1  2 and 3)  extending the deployment of our E3 performance model across our units.On the acquisition front  we finalized a high-quality acquisition  with Reka Cables in Finland  and exited the Telecom Systems business  strengthening the Group’s profile  now resolutely focused on sustainable Electrification. The recent announcement of the signed agreement2 to acquire La Triveneta Cavi in Italy  with recognized excellence within the European low-voltage segment  is an additional milestone in our journey to become a global Electrification Pure Player.Despite the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties  we are entering 2024 with confidence and expect another year shaped by strong performance.”2023 KEY FIGURES(in millions of euros) 2022 2023 Sales at current metal prices 8 369 7 790 Sales at standard metal prices3 6 745 6 512 Organic growth +6.3% -0.9% Adj. EBITDA4 616 665 Adj. EBITDA as a % of standard sales 9.1% 10.2% Specific operating items (16) (53) Depreciation and amortization (180) (179) Operating margin 420 432 Reorganization costs (39) (49) Other operating items 14 (9) Operating income 395 374 Net financial income (loss) (57) (83) Income taxes (90) (68) Net income 248 223 Net debt 182 214 Normalized free cash-flow 393 454 ROCE 20.5% 20.7%2023 BUSINESS PERFORMANCEIn 2023  sales at standard metal prices reached €6 512 million. At constant scope and currency  organic growth was -0.9% compared to 2022  and +3.0% excluding Other activities  which are being scaled-down in line with the Group’s strategy. Electrification businesses (Generation & Transmission  Distribution  and Usage) declined by -1.5% organically reflecting (i) the exit from the Umbilical activity in the Generation & Transmission segment  (ii) the focus on profitability and product mix toward higher value-added solutions despite some normalization in the Usage segment  and (iii) excellent momentum in the Distribution segment on the back of buoyant utilities demand. The Non-electrification business was up +13.7% reflecting new developments in Auto-harnesses  recovery in Aerospace and solid momentum in Mining  while Other activities continued to be downsized by a strong -17.9% organically compared to 2022.The scope effect included the positive contribution of two acquisitions in the Distribution and Usage businesses  partly offset by the divestment of the Telecom Systems business  Aginode  finalized in October 2023. After successfully acquiring Centelsa in Colombia in 2022  and achieving over €12 million in synergies one year ahead of schedule thanks to the SHIFT programs roll-out  Nexans is continuing its strategy of expansion in Electrification markets. On April 26  2023  the Group completed the acquisition of Reka Cables in Finland. Nexans anticipates €11 million in recurring synergies after full ramp-up  meaning +€4 million run-rate synergies to be delivered 6 to 12 months ahead of the initial plan. These two acquisitions add €500 million current sales in Electrification and enhance Nexans' global portfolio in key segments.Adjusted EBITDA reached €665 million in 2023  up by a strong +8.2% versus €616 million in 2022. Adjusted EBITDA margin was strong at 10.2% versus 9.1% in 2022  supported by cable businesses and illustrating Nexans’ value-driven model and embedded focus on performance. Electrification achieved a record adjusted EBITDA margin of 12.5% in 2023 thanks to the product mix shift toward innovative  higher value-added solutions  and structural profitability improvements in the Distribution and Usage segments  more than offsetting the decline in the Generation & Transmission segment affected by one-offs in the first half of the year.In 2023  specific operating items included €13 million related to share-based payment expenses  and €40 million in relation to additional costs on long-term projects impacted by past reorganizations. These additional costs led to subsequent losses at completion which are not representative of the actual business performance. In 2022  EBITDA included €16 million of specific operating items related to share-based payment expenses.EBITDA (including share-based payment expenses) amounted to €652 million in 2023  above the guidance upgraded in July  versus €599 million in 2022.ROCE pursued its record-high trajectory  reaching 20.7% for the Group (20.5% in 2022)  and 26.4% for the Electrification businesses.Operating margin totaled €432 million in 2023  representing 6.6% of sales at standard metal prices (versus 6.2% in 2022).The Group ended 2023 with operating income of €374 million  compared with €395 million in 2022. The main changes were as follows:Reorganization costs amounted to €49 million in 2023 versus €39 million in 2022. In 2023  this amount mainly included costs for the on-going termination of Umbilical projects in Norway  restructuring actions to implement a leaner organization  as well as costs related to new transformation actions launched during the period.amounted to €49 million in 2023 versus €39 million in 2022. In 2023  this amount mainly included costs for the on-going termination of Umbilical projects in Norway  restructuring actions to implement a leaner organization  as well as costs related to new transformation actions launched during the period. The core exposure effect was a negative €12 million in 2023 versus a negative €30 million in 2022.was a negative €12 million in 2023 versus a negative €30 million in 2022. Other operating income and expenses represented net income of €1 million in 2023  versus €46 million in 2022  of which: Net asset impairment for €23 million in 2023  versus zero in 2022. In 2023  the reversal of impairment was related to Australia and to the Amercable unit in the United States  both on the back of the continued stronger performance. Net losses on asset disposals amounted to €9 million in 2023  mainly related to the disposal of the Telecom Systems business and of an equity investment. In 2022  the net gain of €54 million was mainly related to the sale of the Hanover property in Germany.represented net income of €1 million in 2023  versus €46 million in 2022  of which:The net financial expenses amounted to €(83) million in 2023  compared with €(57) million during the same period last year. The decrease is mainly related to the higher cost of net debt  as well as a negative currency impact.Income tax expense stood at €68 million  down from €90 million in 2022. The tax rate amounted to 18% of operating income in 2023 as a result of higher deferred tax assets recognition.Net income thus amounted to €223 million in 2023  versus €248 million in 2022  representing €5.1 per share.CASH FLOW AND NET DEBT AT 31 DECEMBER 2023Normalized free cash flow grew by a strong 16% year-on-year to €454 million  in line with the Group’s solid operating performance and reflecting the strict management of working capital. Cash from operations was a strong €511 million in 2023. Change in working capital amounted to €287 million on the back of high Generation & Transmission project related advance payments. Thus  operating working capital represented 0.3% of the Group’s annual sales at December 31  2023 (2.7% at December 31  2022)  below its normative level of ≤6%. The Normalized free cash flow also included a reorganization cash impact of €98 million in 2023  up year-on-year  mainly due to a non-recurring loss at completion in a Generation & Transmission project. Recurring capital expenditure amounted to €178 million (€141 million in 2022)  representing 2.7% of Group standard sales in 2023. Normalized free cash flow also included financial interest for €73 million (€48 million in 2022)  and other investing impacts for a negative €23 million (vs a positive €13 million in 2022).Calculated based on normalized free cash flow  the adjusted EBITDA to cash conversion rate was 68%.Free cash flow before M&A reached €234 million for the year (€271 million in 2022)  and included strategic capital expenditure in the Generation & Transmission business of €199 million (€157 million in 2022)  corresponding mainly to the expansion of the Halden plant in Norway  and the investment in a third cable-laying vessel. Thus  for full-year 2023  total capital expenditure amounted to €377 million. On top of strategic capital expenditure  the other items differing between normalized free cash flow and free cash flow before M&A corresponded to Proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets of €6 million in 2023 (€60 million in 2022) and normative project tax cash-out for €28 million (€25 million in 2022).Net cash flow from M&A amounted to a net outflow of €79 million in 2023 and mainly included the acquisition of Reka Cables in Finland  as well as the divestment of Aginode. In 2022  this figure was a net outflow of €255 million related to the acquisition of Centelsa.Equity operations included the payment of the 2022 dividend of €2.10 per share for a total amount of €93 million  and share buybacks for €6 million. There was a net outflow of €87 million related to unfavorable foreign exchange fluctuations and new leases liabilities.Net debt remained well under control at €214 million at December 31  2023  from €182 million at December 31  2022  representing a 0.4x leverage ratio as per covenant definition5.The Board of Directors decided that  at the Annual General Meeting of May 16  2024  it will recommend a dividend payment of €2.30 per share in respect of 2023  a 9.5% increase versus the prior year  in line with the policy of increasing progressively the dividend as a mark of its confidence in the Group’s prospects.SUSTAINABILITYCommitted to electrifying the future with impact  the Group is recognized by rating agencies as one of the best industry performers in terms of social responsibility. Nexans improved its Ecovadis score which reached 80 out of 100 (Top 1%)  and increased its CDP Climate rating to A  joining the prestigious Climate “A list”. The Group was also included in the CAC® SBTi 1.5 index. These results demonstrate Nexans’ commitments to sustainability and the Group’s continued improvement over many years. Notable developments in 2023 included:The accelerated deployment of the E3 performance model to ensure the convergence of Economic  Engagement and Environment pillars. Some 300 managers were onboarded across the Group and for the first time  business leaders for Electrification sites were set Economic and Environmental targets.The reinforcement of Nexans’ commitments to fight global warming with the presentation of its updated Climate plan at its Annual General Meeting. In line with the expectations of the Paris Agreement to contain global warming at 1.5°C above preindustrial levels by the end of the century  the Group has set itself an ambitious target  based on the SBTi (Science Based Target initiative) approach targeting a 46% reduction in Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 2030 compared to 2019  and a 30% decrease in Scope 3 emissions by 2030. The company is also committed to achieving Net Zero by 2050 for all scopes.Expansion of the Group’s sustainable offering with the launch of a new range of low-carbon medium voltage cables. By adopting a holistic approach all along the value chain  the Group reduced the greenhouse gas emissions of its low- and medium-voltage cables by 35% to 50% versus standard cables. Furthermore  the Group made significant progress with Trimet in their joint development project to improve the eco-balance of power cables by incorporating recycled aluminum content in the production of aluminum rods used.2023 PERFORMANCE BY SEGMENT| GENERATION & TRANSMISSION (13% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)(in millions of euros) 20226 2023 Sales at standard metal prices 958 870 Organic growth +11.6% +0.8% Adjusted EBITDA 159 83 Adjusted EBITDA as a % of standard sales 16.6% 9.5%Generation & Transmission standard sales came in at €870 million in 2023  up +0.8% organically compared to 2022  and +17% excluding the Umbilicals activity which the Group is currently discontinuing. Business was strong in the fourth quarter due to the execution of Sunrise Wind  Empire Wind 1 in the United States and the Tyrrhenian Link projects.Despite the rebound initiated in the second half of 2023  the segment’s adjusted EBITDA reached €83 million in 2023  down -48% compared to 2022. The adjusted EBITDA margin was 9.5% in 2023  versus 16.6% in 2022. The gradual margin upturn in the second half of 2023 to 10.8% (versus 7.8% in the first half) came from improved project execution  and the US-based Charleston plant being fully ramped-up  partially offsetting the dilutive impact of the execution of legacy projects and unfavorable currency effect.Customer activity remained robust  and in line with its risk-reward selectivity approach  the segment’s adjusted backlog reached €6.1 billion at December 31  2023  up by 74% compared to December 31  2022  boosted by the fourth-quarter order for the Great Sea Interconnector (formerly EuroAsia) and the Orkney project in the United Kingdom. On December 22  2023  Nexans received an advance payment from IPTO as part of the First Notice to Proceed of the Great Sea Interconnector. This marked the first significant step in the contract signed last July.The robust visibility of manufacturing and installation asset loads has been extended through 2030. Strategic investments continued as planned throughout the year  with the completion of the Halden plant extension in Norway early 2024 and the launch of an investment for a third cable-laying vessel to address substantial backlog growth.| DISTRIBUTION (18% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)(in millions of euros) 20226 2023 Sales at standard metal prices 1 088 1 186 Organic growth +12.2% +4.5% Adjusted EBITDA 88 156 Adjusted EBITDA as a % of standard sales 8.1% 13.2%Standard sales in the Distribution segment rose organically by +4.5% compared with 2022 to €1 186 million. Demand was solid reflecting secular megatrends  including grid modernization and renewable energy projects in Europe and North America. South America and Asia Pacific were slower due to the timing of orders  while the Middle East and Africa remained strong. In this context  the Group announced the signing of an MoU to build a new plant in Morocco the expand its production capacities.Adjusted EBITDA rose by a sharp 78% year-on-year to €156 million  supported by new frame-agreements  operational excellence and the contribution from the Reka Cables acquisition completed in April 2023. In this context  the adjusted EBITDA margin reached a record 13.2%  compared with 8.1% in 2022.| USAGE (26% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)(in millions of euros) 20226 2023 Sales at standard metal prices 1 837 1 679 Organic growth +13.5% -6.3% Adjusted EBITDA 221 229 Adjusted EBITDA as a % of standard sales 12.0% 13.6%Standard sales in the Usage segment amounted to €1 679 million in 2023. Sales were down -6.3% organically compared with the prior year  reflecting the normalization of volumes mainly in Canada as anticipated. The Group benefited from a continued product mix improvement toward higher value-added solutions  driven by the accelerated pace of adoption of fire safety cables and the launch of new products and solutions. In this context  the Group announced the launch of a €40 million investment program over the next three years at its Autun site in France  in order to accelerate its industry 4.0 and fire safety offer. Europe was resilient despite the construction slowdown in some areas and destocking in the fourth quarter. Demand was weak in Asia Pacific  while Middle East and Africa remained well-oriented.Adjusted EBITDA reached €229 million  up by 3.7% year-on-year  supported by sustained strength in pricing by higher value-added solutions  and the contribution from Reka Cables starting April 30  2023  offset by a negative currency effect mainly reflecting the depreciation of Canadian currency and the devaluation of the Turkish currency. In this context  adjusted EBITDA margin reached the high level of 13.6% (vs 12.0% in 2022).| NON-ELECTRIFICATION (Industry & Solutions) (27% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)(in millions of euros) 20226 2023 Sales at standard metal prices 1 559 1 750 Organic growth +12.3% +13.7% Adjusted EBITDA 135 185 Adjusted EBITDA as a % of standard sales 8.6% 10.6%Standard sales in the Industry & Solutions segment were €1 750 million in 2023  representing strong organic year-on-year growth of +13.7% supported by solid momentum in Auto-harnesses  Shipbuilding  Rail and Mining  as well as a recovery in Aerospace. Automation witnessed a slowdown in the second half reflecting weakening orders after a period of solid execution.Adjusted EBITDA rose by +37% to €185 million  with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 10.6%  versus 8.6% last year  reflecting operational improvements and product mix.| OTHER ACTIVITIES (16% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)(in millions of euros) 20226 2023 Sales at standard metal prices 1 302 1 026 Organic growth -13.6% -17.9% Adjusted EBITDA 13 13The Other Activities segment – corresponding for the most part to copper wire and telecom sales  and including corporate structural costs that cannot be allocated to other segments – reported standard sales of €1 026 million in 2023. Sales were down -17.9% organically year-on-year  mainly linked to the Group’s strategy to reduce copper wire external sales through tolling agreements in order to mitigate their dilutive effect.The segment’s adjusted EBITDA was stable at €13 million in 2023  versus €13 million in 2022  reflecting profitability enhancement within the Metallurgy activity  more than offsetting the divestment of Aginode which marked the exit of the Group from the Telecom System business. Starting 2023  the segment’s adjusted EBITDA excluded share-based payment expenses amounting to €16 million in 2022 and €13 million in 2023.2024 OUTLOOKIn 2024  Nexans expects to benefit from continued buoyant market demand  supported by global megatrends in electrification  as well as its structural transformation and value-added solutions to support its growth and profitability improvements. The Distribution market is currently entering a hyper cycle of investment. The record risk-reward backlog in Generation & Transmission provides solid visibility  and the Group will benefit from the contribution of the ramp-up of the Halden plant in Norway.At the beginning of the year  the macroeconomic context is marked by ongoing weak demand in some geographies in construction. Countries affected in 2023  proved to be resilient thanks to value-added offers  customer selectivity and the strong focus on cash generation. In this demanding context  some initiatives are already in place and Nexans will draw on the agility and commitment of its teams to adapt to changes and continue to focus on cash generation. A progressive improvement is expected throughout the year and datacenters  industrial and mobility markets are expected to remain resilient.In this context for 2024  assuming there are no conjunctural effects and excluding non-closed acquisitions and divestments  Nexans expects to achieve:Adjusted EBITDA of between €670 and 730 million;Normalized Free Cash Flow of between €200 and 300 million.Moreover  the Group is confirming its 2024 Capital Markets Day targets and will continue the implementation of its strategic roadmap and priorities.The full-year 2023 press release and presentation slides are available in the Investor Relations Results section at Nexans - Financial results.A conference call is scheduled today at 9:00 a.m. CET. Please find below the access details:Webcasthttps://channel.royalcast.com/nexans/#!/nexans/20240215_1Audio dial-inInternational switchboard: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66United Kingdom: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200United States: +1 786 697 3501Confirmation code: Nexans~ ~ ~Financial calendarApril 24th  2024: 2024 first-quarter financial informationMay 16th  2024: Annual General MeetingJuly 24th  2024: 2024 first-half earningsNovember 13th  2024: Capital Markets DayAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2023  Nexans generated €6.5 billion in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the Future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContactsInvestor relations CommunicationElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel.: +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91mael.evin@havas.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.74,0.22,0.04,True,English,"['NEXANS DELIVERS ROBUST PERFORMANCE', 'Halden high-voltage plant capacity extension', 'free cash flow generation expectations', 'new cable-laying vessel construction', 'Nexans’ Chief Executive Officer', '+€20 million incremental EBITDA', 'global Electrification Pure Player', 'Electrification Pure Player profile', 'NEXANS DELIVERS ROBUST PERFORMANCE', 'record adj. EBITDA margin', 'value added solutions', 'Outstanding Normalized FCF', '0.4x leverage ratio', 'medium voltage capacities', 'Christopher Guérin', 'La Triveneta Cavi', 'ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties', 'current metal prices', 'higher value-added solutions', 'Nexans’ robust performance', 'E3 performance model', 'Capital Markets Day', 'standard metal prices3', 'Specific operating items', 'buoyant utilities demand', 'excellent cash generation', 'Strong balance sheet', 'Telecom Systems activity', 'Telecom Systems business', 'European low-voltage segment', 'Other operating items', '€7.8 billion current sales', 'strong profitability expansion', 'Transmission adjusted backlog', 'Net financial income', 'Operating margin', 'free cash-flow', 'record Generation', '2023 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE', '665 Adj. EBITDA', 'global leader', 'new developments', 'strong performance', 'Electrification businesses', 'sustainable Electrification', 'cable systems', 'Operating income', 'CSR performance', 'working capital', 'backlog growth', 'booming demand', 'Adj. EBITDA4', 'Net income', 'Umbilical activity', 'excellent momentum', 'Non-electrification business', 'Other activities', 'net debt', 'Income taxes', '2023 standard sales', 'historic high', 'share-based payments', 'SHIFT Prime', 'strict management', 'M&A', 'Reka Cables', 'Continued progress', '3 GHG emissions', 'SBTi targets', 'Full-year 2024 guidance', 'November 13th', 'driving force', 'considerable progress', 'sustainability agenda', 'recent announcement', 'additional milestone', 'KEY FIGURES', '6,512 Organic growth', 'Reorganization costs', 'product mix', 'solid momentum', 'positive contribution', 'two acquisitions', 'one yea', 'financial results', 'acquisition front', 'high-quality acquisition', 'Usage segment', 'Usage businesses', 'target Focus', 'disciplined transformation', 'constant scope', 'scope effect', 'Distribution segment', 'fiscal year', 'Scope 1, 2', '2023 results', 'objectives', 'depth', 'dividend', 'investments', 'Finland', 'integration', 'finalization', 'divestment', 'MoU', 'Morocco', 'grid', 'region', 'track', 'Paris', 'February', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'world', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Group', 'scale', 'employees', 'journey', 'Scopes', 'deployment', 'units', 'agreement2', 'Italy', 'excellence', 'confidence', 'millions', 'euros', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'loss', 'ROCE', 'currency', 'strategy', 'exit', 'normalization', 'Auto-harnesses', 'recovery', 'Aerospace', 'Mining', 'Aginode', 'October', 'Centelsa', 'Colombia', 'synergies', '10.']",2024-02-15,2024-02-16,marketscreener.com
36306,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61431075-flow-traders-ltd-repurchase-of-shares-399.htm,Flow Traders Ltd: REPURCHASE OF SHARES,"REPURCHASE OF SHARES Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (""Flow Traders"") (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 38 330 of its own shares in the period from 8 February 2024 up to and including","REPURCHASE OF SHARESAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (""Flow Traders"") (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 38 330 of its own shares in the period from 8 February 2024 up to and including 16 February 2024 at an average price of €16.38.This is in accordance with the €15 million share buyback extension program originally announced on 27 October 2022  of which the period of execution was announced on 28 July 2023 to be extended by 12 months to 26 October 2024. The consideration of this purchase was €0.6 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 223 867 shares at an average price of €17.08 for a total consideration of €3.8 million.2 072 324 shares were held in treasury as at 16 February 2024.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders' role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided 'as is' and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (""Flow Traders"") do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders' current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as ""may""  ""will""  ""would""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""anticipate""  ""project""  ""believe""  ""could""  ""hope""  ""seek""  ""plan""  ""foresee""  ""aim""  ""objective""  ""potential""  ""goal"" ""strategy""  ""target""  ""continue"" and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders' ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders' control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders' actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders' control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders' actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.comimmediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.42,0.57,True,English,"['Flow Traders Ltd', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', '€15 million share buyback extension program', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'multiple asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'strategic investment unit', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'leading trading firm', 'intellectual property rights', ""Flow Traders' role"", 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'market innovation', 'market circumstances', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'investment advice', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Eric Pan', 'major exchanges', 'fixed income', 'digital assets', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'trading activities', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', '600 talented professionals', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Financial objectives', 'internal objectives', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'operational performance', 'information purposes', 'total consideration', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'investor marketing', 'future events', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '8 February', '16 February', 'accordance', '27 October', 'execution', '28 July', '12 months', '26 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'ETPs', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'efficiency', 'experience', 'team', 'company', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'strategy', 'target', 'continue', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics']",2024-02-06,2024-02-16,finanznachrichten.de
36307,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/repurchase-shares-173000951.html,REPURCHASE OF SHARES,REPURCHASE OF SHARES Amsterdam  the Netherlands - . (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 38 330 of its own shares in the period from 8 February 2024 up to and including 16 February 2024 at an average price of €16.,Flow Traders LtdREPURCHASE OF SHARESAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 38 330 of its own shares in the period from 8 February 2024 up to and including 16 February 2024 at an average price of €16.38.This is in accordance with the €15 million share buyback extension program originally announced on 27 October 2022  of which the period of execution was announced on 28 July 2023 to be extended by 12 months to 26 October 2024. The consideration of this purchase was €0.6 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 223 867 shares at an average price of €17.08 for a total consideration of €3.8 million.2 072 324 shares were held in treasury as at 16 February 2024.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Story continuesImportant Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.34,0.55,True,English,"['REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', '€15 million share buyback extension program', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'multiple asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'strategic investment unit', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'leading trading firm', 'intellectual property rights', 'Flow Traders’ role', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'Important Legal Information', 'market innovation', 'market circumstances', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'investment advice', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Eric Pan', 'major exchanges', 'fixed income', 'digital assets', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'trading activities', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', '600 talented professionals', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Financial objectives', 'internal objectives', 'legal obligation', 'looking statements', 'operational performance', 'information purposes', 'total consideration', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'investor marketing', 'future events', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '8 February', '16 February', 'accordance', '27 October', 'execution', '28 July', '12 months', '26 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'ETPs', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'efficiency', 'experience', 'team', 'company', 'Story', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'forward', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
36308,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dbusiness.com/daily-news/stellantis-in-auburn-hills-has-reported-net-revenue-of-204-1-billion-in-2023-an-increase-of-6-percent-over-2022-and-a-net-profit-of-20-billion-an-increase-of-11-percent/,Stellantis in Auburn Hills has reported net revenue of $204.1 billion in 2023  an increase of 6 percent over 2022  and a net profit of $20 billion  an increase of 11 percent.,Stellantis Auburn Hills reported revenue $204.1 billion 2023  increase 6 percent over 2022  a net profit of $20 billion  increase 11 percent.,Stellantis in Auburn Hills has reported net revenue of $204.1 billion in 2023  an increase of 6 percent over 2022  and a net profit of $20 billion  an increase of 11 percent.“As we just passed the three-year mark since Stellantis’ inception  I warmly thank our teams who are executing at the highest levels and contributing greatly to our growth story  even in the strongest of headwinds ” says Carlos Tavares  CEO of Stellantis.“Today’s record financial results are proof that we have become a new global leader in our industry and will remain rock solid as we look to a turbulent 2024. Thanks to our flexible technology and product roadmap  we are prepared to address the various scenarios that could arise and to continue delivering on our Dare Forward 2030 targets.”The company also reported it returned $7.1 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks. This is an increase of 53 percent over 2022’s $4.6 billion. The company announced an open market share buyback program of $3.2 billion for 2024.Overall  Stellantis shipped 1.9 million vehicles in the North American market for 2023. This compared to 1.02 million in 2022  an increase of 42 percent. Shipments were up 2 percent  mainly due to higher volumes of Jeep Grand Cherokee  Dodge Hornet and Charger  and Ram ProMaster.Vehicle shipments in Europe went up  with the company shipping 2.8 million vehicles in 2023 compared to 2.6 million in 2022. This increase was driven by Fiat Ducato  the all-new Jeep Avenger  Opel Astra  Peugeot 2008  and Alfa Romeo Tonale.Sales were also strong in South America. The company shipped 879 000 vehicles in 2023 compared to 859 000 in 2022. Sales increases were led by higher volumes of Fiat Fastback  Citroën C3  Fiat Cronos  Ram Rampage  and Peugeot 208.Tavares says 2024 should be another busy year for Stellantis. To support overall market growth and the electrification push in North America  18 additional BEVs will be launched in 2024  reaching a total of 48 models by end of 2024.Building on 2023 momentum  Tavares says several factors could create strong revenue in 2024  including reduced supply and logistical constraints  stabilizing and potentially reduced interest rates  and the benefits of the company’s expected expansion of its product offering.In addition to the 2024 $3.2 billion stock buyback  the company intends to cancel the common shares acquired through the share buyback program apart from a portion of up to $538 000  which may be used to service share-based compensation and employee stock purchase plans. The shares will be purchased over a period ending Dec. 31  on the NYSE / Euronext Milan / Euronext Paris stock exchanges.The share buyback program will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders on April 13  2023  which may be renewed or extended  up to a maximum of 10 percent of the company’s capital.The remaining authorization granted on April 13  2023  stands at approximately 181 million shares. The purchase price per common share will be no higher than an amount equal to 110 percent of the market price of the shares on the NYSE  Euronext Milan  or Euronext Paris.The market price will be calculated as the average of the highest price on each of the five days of trading prior to the date on which the acquisition is made  as shown in the official price list of the NYSE  Euronext Milan  or Euronext Paris.As of Feb. 15  the company held in treasury a total of 142 090 297 common shares equal to 3.52 percent of the total issued share capital including common shares and special voting shares.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.26,0.28,True,English,"['Auburn Hills', 'net revenue', 'net profit', 'Stellantis', 'increase', '6 percent', '11 percent', 'open market share buyback program', 'employee stock purchase plans', 'Euronext Paris stock exchanges', '2024 $3.2 billion stock buyback', 'record financial results', 'new global leader', 'Dare Forward 2030 targets', 'Jeep Grand Cherokee', 'new Jeep Avenger', 'Alfa Romeo Tonale', 'Citroën C', 'North American market', 'overall market growth', 'official price list', 'special voting shares', 'stock buybacks', 'purchase price', 'market price', 'common share', 'growth story', 'share capital', 'Euronext Milan', 'highest price', 'Auburn Hills', 'net revenue', 'net profit', 'three-year mark', 'highest levels', 'flexible technology', 'product roadmap', 'various scenarios', 'higher volumes', 'Dodge Hornet', 'Ram ProMaster', 'Fiat Ducato', 'Opel Astra', 'South America', 'Fiat Fastback', 'Fiat Cronos', 'Ram Rampage', 'busy year', 'electrification push', '18 additional BEVs', 'several factors', 'strong revenue', 'logistical constraints', 'interest rates', 'product offering', 'share-based compensation', 'general meeting', 'remaining authorization', 'five days', '181 million shares', '1.9 million vehicles', '2.8 million vehicles', 'Vehicle shipments', 'Sales increases', 'reduced supply', 'Carlos Tavares', 'Stellantis’ inception', '879,000 vehicles', '6 percent', '11 percent', 'teams', 'headwinds', 'CEO', 'Today', 'proof', 'industry', 'turbulent 2024', 'company', 'cash', 'shareholders', 'dividends', '53 percent', '42 percent', 'Charger', 'Europe', 'Peugeot', 'total', '48 models', '2023 momentum', 'benefits', 'expected', 'expansion', 'portion', 'period', 'Dec.', 'NYSE', 'authority', 'April', 'maximum', '10 percent', 'amount', 'average', 'trading', 'date', 'acquisition', 'Feb.', 'treasury', '3.52 percent']",2022-02-16,2024-02-16,dbusiness.com
36309,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61428376-jde-peet-s-n-v-jde-peet-s-expands-collaboration-with-costa-coffee-399.htm,JDE Peet's N.V.: JDE Peet's expands collaboration with Costa Coffee,JDE Peet's (EURONEXT: JDEP) is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet's will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium,"PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  16 February 2024JDE Peet's (EURONEXT: JDEP) is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet's will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium coffee capsules in Great Britain. The expanded collaboration between the two companies marks a significant development in their partnership which will serve as a key driver of future growth in Great Britain.Since 2012  JDE Peet's has offered Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods for the Tassimo brewer system  unlocking significant category growth. Combining Costa Coffee's unique premium coffee shop appeal in Great Britain to JDE Peet's in-home espresso-based technology and go-to-market will elevate single-serve offerings for both companies.JDE Peet's recently launched the L'OR Barista coffee brewer system in the UK - a unique proposition capable of accommodating a wide range of coffee drinks. With this new collaboration  JDE Peet's will be able to offer consumers a wider range of choices through an extended brand portfolio and drive category value with its customer partners.The manufacture  distribution  and sale of other coffee products in the Costa Coffee portfolio  such as instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground  will remain with Costa Coffee and are not covered by the new partnership.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet's  commented: ""We are excited to expand our collaboration with Costa Coffee. By extending the range of products offered under the L'OR Barista aluminium capsule system  we can offer coffee enthusiasts in Great Britain a wider selection of high-quality  single-serve choices at home. This important collaboration underscores our commitment to premiumisation through our unique coffee brewer technology as we serve more cups globally.""Philippe Schaillee  CEO of Costa Coffee  commented: ""We're delighted to be growing our collaboration with JDE Peet's. Our ambition is to lead the coffee sector by innovating and creating new experiences for consumers  whether that's in a Costa Coffee store  away-from-home through our Costa Express and Proud to Serve coffee solutions  or at-home through our fantastic range of capsules  instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground. We're confident that we'll be able to unlock further growth and more people will be able to enjoy their favourite Costa coffee both on-the-go and at home.""# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet'sJDE Peet's is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L'OR  Peet's  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet's generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.About Costa CoffeeFounded in London by Italian brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa in 1971  Costa Coffee is present in 50 countries around the world  with 2 800+ coffee shops in the UK & Ireland and 1 400+ globally. We are proud to be the Nation's Favourite coffee shop  having been awarded ""Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain in the UK and Ireland"" by Allegra Strategies for 14 consecutive years (2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  2023).Making a positive contribution to the communities we are part of is extremely important to us  both here in the UK and across the world. That's why we established The Costa Foundation in 2007  a registered charity with the aim of improving the life chances of children in coffee growing communities by helping them access a safe  quality education. So far  The Costa Foundation has funded over 100 school projects and changed the lives of more than 120 000 children. We also have a UK-wide Community Programme  which enables our teams to volunteer their time to good causes locally and to invite community groups to make use of our welcoming space in stores.In 2011  Costa Coffee purchased Coffee Nation  which is now Costa Express. Today  Costa Express operates in 20 international markets  with over 14 200+ coffee machines in the UK and more than 1 600+ globally. Proudly serving the same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans found in stores  combined with fresh milk to create a delicious and warming cup of coffee on the go. In 2022  Costa Coffee announced that it would be rolling out its innovative Costa Express's Hot and Iced Drinks self-serve machines.Costa Coffee's Proud to Serve offer enables our corporate partners to serve a range of Costa Coffee beverages for customers and employees  without the need of a full Costa Coffee store. With presence across 22 international markets  Costa Coffee proudly supports over 30 000+ Proud to Serve sites across the UK and globally.All Costa Coffee products  including our At-Home and Costa Coffee in a can range  have been expertly crafted by Gennaro Pelliccia  our Master of Coffee and uses Rainforest Alliance Certified coffee beans.www.costa.co.ukAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,positive,0.68,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'N.V.', 'Costa Coffee', 'collaboration', 'same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans', ""L'OR Barista aluminium capsule system"", ""L'OR Barista coffee brewer system"", 'Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain', 'unique premium coffee shop appeal', 'Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods', 'Iced Drinks self-serve machines', 'unique coffee brewer technology', 'full Costa Coffee store', 'Tassimo brewer system', 'Favourite coffee shop', 'aluminium coffee capsules', '14,200+ coffee machines', 'safe, quality education', '2,800+ coffee shops', 'The Costa Foundation', 'favourite Costa coffee', 'Costa Coffee beverages', 'UK-wide Community Programme', 'extended brand portfolio', 'high-quality, single-serve choices', 'innovative Costa Express', 'home espresso-based technology', 'Costa Coffee portfolio', 'other coffee products', 'significant category growth', 'coffee drinks', 'unique proposition', 'single-serve offerings', 'instant coffee', 'coffee enthusiasts', 'coffee sector', 'coffee solutions', 'Bruno Costa', 'significant development', 'community groups', 'Coffee Nation', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Great Britain', 'key driver', 'future growth', 'customer partners', 'Fabien Simon', 'wider selection', 'Philippe Schaillee', 'new experiences', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'Italian brothers', 'Allegra Strategies', '14 consecutive years', 'positive contribution', 'life chances', '100 school projects', 'good causes', 'welcoming space', 'fresh milk', 'corporate partners', 'JDE Peet', '20 international markets', '22 international markets', 'expanded collaboration', 'wide range', 'new collaboration', 'wider range', 'important collaboration', 'fantastic range', 'two companies', 'new partnership', 'Enquiries Media', 'growing communities', 'warming cup', '30,000+ Proud', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '16 February', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'September', 'consumers', 'value', 'manufacture', 'distribution', 'roast', 'ground', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'premiumisation', 'cups', 'ambition', 'people', 'Investors', 'Analysts', 'world', 'second', 'possibilities', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'London', 'Sergio', '50 countries', 'Ireland', 'charity', 'aim', 'children', 'lives', 'teams', 'time', 'stores', 'delicious', 'Hot', 'customers', 'need', 'presence', 'sites', 'globall']",2024-02-06,2024-02-16,finanznachrichten.de
36310,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jde-peet-expands-collaboration-costa-130000053.html,JDE Peet’s expands collaboration with Costa Coffee,JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet’s will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium coffee capsules in Great Britain.,"JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  16 February 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet’s will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium coffee capsules in Great Britain. The expanded collaboration between the two companies marks a significant development in their partnership which will serve as a key driver of future growth in Great Britain.Since 2012  JDE Peet’s has offered Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods for the Tassimo brewer system  unlocking significant category growth. Combining Costa Coffee’s unique premium coffee shop appeal in Great Britain to JDE Peet’s in-home espresso-based technology and go-to-market will elevate single-serve offerings for both companies.JDE Peet’s recently launched the L’OR Barista coffee brewer system in the UK – a unique proposition capable of accommodating a wide range of coffee drinks. With this new collaboration  JDE Peet’s will be able to offer consumers a wider range of choices through an extended brand portfolio and drive category value with its customer partners.The manufacture  distribution  and sale of other coffee products in the Costa Coffee portfolio  such as instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground  will remain with Costa Coffee and are not covered by the new partnership.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are excited to expand our collaboration with Costa Coffee. By extending the range of products offered under the L’OR Barista aluminium capsule system  we can offer coffee enthusiasts in Great Britain a wider selection of high-quality  single-serve choices at home. This important collaboration underscores our commitment to premiumisation through our unique coffee brewer technology as we serve more cups globally.”Philippe Schaillee  CEO of Costa Coffee  commented: “We’re delighted to be growing our collaboration with JDE Peet’s. Our ambition is to lead the coffee sector by innovating and creating new experiences for consumers  whether that’s in a Costa Coffee store  away-from-home through our Costa Express and Proud to Serve coffee solutions  or at-home through our fantastic range of capsules  instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground. We’re confident that we’ll be able to unlock further growth and more people will be able to enjoy their favourite Costa coffee both on-the-go and at home.”Story continues# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.About Costa CoffeeFounded in London by Italian brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa in 1971  Costa Coffee is present in 50 countries around the world  with 2 800+ coffee shops in the UK & Ireland and 1 400+ globally. We are proud to be the Nation’s Favourite coffee shop  having been awarded “Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain in the UK and Ireland"" by Allegra Strategies for 14 consecutive years (2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  2023).Making a positive contribution to the communities we are part of is extremely important to us  both here in the UK and across the world. That’s why we established The Costa Foundation in 2007  a registered charity with the aim of improving the life chances of children in coffee growing communities by helping them access a safe  quality education. So far  The Costa Foundation has funded over 100 school projects and changed the lives of more than 120 000 children. We also have a UK-wide Community Programme  which enables our teams to volunteer their time to good causes locally and to invite community groups to make use of our welcoming space in stores.In 2011  Costa Coffee purchased Coffee Nation  which is now Costa Express. Today  Costa Express operates in 20 international markets  with over 14 200+ coffee machines in the UK and more than 1 600+ globally. Proudly serving the same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans found in stores  combined with fresh milk to create a delicious and warming cup of coffee on the go. In 2022  Costa Coffee announced that it would be rolling out its innovative Costa Express’s Hot and Iced Drinks self-serve machines.Costa Coffee’s Proud to Serve offer enables our corporate partners to serve a range of Costa Coffee beverages for customers and employees  without the need of a full Costa Coffee store. With presence across 22 international markets  Costa Coffee proudly supports over 30 000+ Proud to Serve sites across the UK and globally.All Costa Coffee products  including our At-Home and Costa Coffee in a can range  have been expertly crafted by Gennaro Pelliccia  our Master of Coffee and uses Rainforest Alliance Certified™ coffee beans.www.costa.co.ukAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'Costa Coffee', 'collaboration', 'same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans', 'L’OR Barista aluminium capsule system', 'L’OR Barista coffee brewer system', 'Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain', 'unique premium coffee shop appeal', 'Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods', 'Iced Drinks self-serve machines', 'unique coffee brewer technology', 'full Costa Coffee store', 'Tassimo brewer system', 'Favourite coffee shop', 'aluminium coffee capsules', '14,200+ coffee machines', 'safe, quality education', '2,800+ coffee shops', 'The Costa Foundation', 'favourite Costa coffee', 'Costa Coffee beverages', 'UK-wide Community Programme', 'extended brand portfolio', 'high-quality, single-serve choices', 'innovative Costa Express', 'home espresso-based technology', 'Costa Coffee portfolio', 'other coffee products', 'significant category growth', 'coffee drinks', 'unique proposition', 'single-serve offerings', 'instant coffee', 'coffee enthusiasts', 'coffee sector', 'coffee solutions', 'Bruno Costa', 'significant development', 'community groups', 'Coffee Nation', 'N.V.', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Great Britain', 'key driver', 'future growth', 'customer partners', 'Fabien Simon', 'wider selection', 'Philippe Schaillee', 'new experiences', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'Italian brothers', 'Allegra Strategies', '14 consecutive years', 'positive contribution', 'life chances', '100 school projects', 'good causes', 'welcoming space', 'fresh milk', 'corporate partners', 'JDE Peet', '20 international markets', '22 international markets', 'expanded collaboration', 'wide range', 'new collaboration', 'wider range', 'important collaboration', 'fantastic range', 'two companies', 'new partnership', 'Enquiries Media', 'growing communities', 'warming cup', '30,000+ Proud', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '16 February', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'September', 'consumers', 'value', 'manufacture', 'distribution', 'roast', 'ground', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'premiumisation', 'cups', 'ambition', 'people', 'Story', 'Investors', 'Analysts', 'world', 'second', 'possibilities', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'London', 'Sergio', '50 countries', 'Ireland', 'charity', 'aim', 'children', 'lives', 'teams', 'time', 'stores', 'delicious', 'Hot', 'customers', 'need', 'presence']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
36311,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/dontnod/cp/2024/02/16/banishers-ghosts-of-new-eden-celebrates-critical-acclaim-with-a-shining-accolades-trailer,BANISHERS: GHOSTS OF NEW EDEN CELEBRATES CRITICAL ACCLAIM WITH A SHINING ACCOLADES TRAILER,DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games and Focus Entertainment are pleased to announce that Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden launched with critical acclaim on February 13.,16/02/2024 - 11:55Paris  February 16  2024 - DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games and Focus Entertainment are pleased to announce that Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden launched with critical acclaim on February 13.Discover how the intimate narrative Action-RPG conquered the hearts of players  with a current 4 75/5 player score on PlayStation  4 9/5 on Xbox  and 89% user score on Steam  and garnered worldwide praise from the press in today's Accolades trailer.Immersing players in an atmospheric  lore-rich world  Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden strikes a chord thanks to its engaging and well-written story  dynamic combat system and excellent character performances.Focus Entertainment and DON'T NOD are thrilled by such a positive reception  and can't wait to hear what players will share in the future  as they take on an emotionally moving journey between life  death  love and sacrifices.Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden is out now on PlayStation 5  Xbox Series X|S  Steam and Epic Games Store. Buy the game  grab its Collector's Edition or the Red Echoes Edition  and sign up as a Focus member or subscribe to the newsletter to get the latest exclusive information and upcoming special offers for Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden and the entire Focus catalog.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  such as Harmony: The Fall of ReverieTM and JusantTM   as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GUILBERTChief Executive OfficerBenoît GISBERT MORADeputy General Managerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PUISSANTAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAmaury DUGASTPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frAbout FOCUS ENTERTAINMENTFOCUS ENTERTAINMENT is one of the European leaders in video game publishing and development. Publisher of strong licenses such as A Plague Tale  Atomic Heart  Evil West  The Surge and SnowRunner  its mission is to support leading French and international studios in the development  production monitoring  marketing  sales and financing of their projects. FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT generates more than 95% of its sales internationally. The Group generated turnover of €194.1 million in 2022-2023.All financial information pertaining to FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT can be found at www.focus-entmt.com.For more information follow us on social mediaTwitter - LinkedIn - Instagram - YouTube – Facebook,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['NEW EDEN CELEBRATES CRITICAL ACCLAIM', 'SHINING ACCOLADES TRAILER', 'BANISHERS', 'GHOSTS', 'Oskar GUILBERT Chief Executive Officer', 'current 4,75/5 player score', 'Benoît GISBERT MORA', 'Xbox Series X|S', 'intimate narrative Action-RPG', 'atmospheric, lore-rich world', 'dynamic combat system', 'excellent character performances', 'upcoming special offers', 'TELL ME WHYTM', 'unique narrative experiences', 'Deputy General Manager', 'A Plague Tale', 'Epic Games Store', 'original narrative games', 'industry leading publishers', 'Bandai Namco Entertainment', 'entire Focus catalog', 'Red Echoes Edition', 'latest exclusive information', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'independent French publisher', 'video game publishing', 'independent French studio', ""DON'T NOD"", 'video games', 'leading French', '89% user score', 'Focus Entertainment', 'Focus member', 'New Eden', 'critical acclaim', 'Accolades trailer', 'positive reception', 'moving journey', 'TWIN MIRRORTM', 'REMEMBER METM', 'Square Enix', 'The Fall', 'third-party developers', 'editorial visions', 'innovative universe', 'ISIN code', 'Investor relations', 'Amaury DUGAST', 'European leaders', 'strong licenses', 'Atomic Heart', 'Evil West', 'The Surge', 'international studios', 'production monitoring', 'The Group', 'financial information', 'social media', 'engaging stories', 'Press relations', 'ACTUS finance', 'February', 'Banishers', 'Ghosts', 'hearts', 'players', 'PlayStation', 'Steam', 'praise', 'today', 'chord', 'future', 'life', 'death', 'love', 'sacrifices', 'Collector', 'newsletter', 'Montreal', 'adventure', 'STRANGETM', 'VAMPYRTM', 'genres', 'characters', 'Microsoft', 'Capcom', 'IPs', 'house', 'Harmony', 'ReverieTM', 'JusantTM', 'knowledge', 'company', 'immersive', 'ALDNE', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'adugast', 'development', 'SnowRunner', 'mission', 'marketing', 'sales', 'financing', 'projects', 'turnover', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Facebook', '1']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,actusnews.com
36312,EuroNext,Bing API,https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/industry/maroc-telecom-reports-615-million-profit-for-2023/107751673,Maroc Telecom reports $615 million profit for 2023  Telecom News  ET Telecom,Maroc Telecom  which is listed on Casablanca stock exchange and on Euronext Paris  is 53% controlled by the UAE's Etisalat while the Moroccan state holds a 22% stake.,AdvtJoin the community of 2M+ industry professionals Subscribe to our newsletter to get latest insights & analysis. Download ETTelecom App Get Realtime updatesSave your favourite articles Scan to download AppRABAT: Maroc Telecom on Friday posted a 6.4% rise in 2023 profit to 6.195 billion dirhams ($615 million) and said it planned to appeal a court order that threatens to wipe out its earnings.Morocco's largest telecoms operator has been ordered by a Moroccan court to pay 6.3 billion dirhams to rival Wana Corporate   better known by its brand name Inwi  for unfair competition practices.The company posted a 3% rise in revenue to 36.8 billion dirhams and forecast a stable performance in 2024.Its customer base grew by 0.7% to 76 million.The operator said it would pay a dividend of 4.20 dirhams per share totalling 3.7 billion dirhams.Maroc Telecom  which is listed on Casablanca stock exchange and on Euronext Paris  is 53% controlled by the UAE's Etisalat while the Moroccan state holds a 22% stake.Besides Morocco  it operates subsidiaries in Benin  Burkina Faso   the Central African Republic  Chad  Gabon  Ivory Coast  Mali  Mauritania  Niger and Togo.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.26,0.55,True,English,"['$615 million profit', 'Telecom News', 'ET Telecom', 'Maroc', '2023', '2M+ industry professionals', 'unfair competition practices', 'Casablanca stock exchange', 'Central African Republic', 'largest telecoms operator', 'latest insights', 'Realtime updates', 'favourite articles', 'Maroc Telecom', 'court order', 'Moroccan court', 'Wana Corporate', 'brand name', 'stable performance', 'customer base', 'Euronext Paris', 'Moroccan state', 'Burkina Faso', 'Ivory Coast', '6.195 billion dirhams', '6.3 billion dirhams', '36.8 billion dirhams', '3.7 billion dirhams', 'ETTelecom App', '4.20 dirhams', 'Advt', 'community', 'newsletter', 'analysis', 'RABAT', 'Friday', '6.4% rise', '2023 profit', 'earnings', 'Morocco', 'Inwi', 'company', '3% rise', 'revenue', 'dividend', 'share', 'UAE', 'Etisalat', '22% stake', 'subsidiaries', 'Benin', 'Chad', 'Gabon', 'Mali', 'Mauritania', 'Niger', 'Togo', '0.']",2024-02-16,2024-02-16,telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com
